<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1849475_0001410578-23-000334.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5576031</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>303347</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>926642</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1683141</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1117095</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1439051</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000334.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322204751
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000334
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Newcourt Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849475
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40929
		FILM NUMBER:		23754260

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2201 BROADWAY, SUITE 705
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		27 83 294 3837

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2201 BROADWAY, SUITE 705
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000334.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 ncacu-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) N /A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , (Address of principal executive Offices) (zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act : Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Auditor PCAOB ID Number: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: As of September 30, 2022, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was , computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A ordinary shares on September 30, 2022, as reported on The Nasdaq Global Market. As of March 20, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I 6 Item 1. Business 6 Item 1A. Risk Factors 25 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 29 Item 2. Properties 29 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 29 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 29 PART II 30 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 30 Item 6. Reserved 31 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 34 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 34 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 34 Item 9A. Controls and Procedure 34 Item 9B. Other Information 35 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 35 PART III 36 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 36 Item 11. Executive Compensation 41 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 41 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 42 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 44 PART IV 46 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 46 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 46 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements contained in this Report (as defined below) may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding us or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future, including, without limitation, those relating to our initial business combination. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would, and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Report may include statements regarding the future success of the partnership between Newcourt and Psyence (as defined below), and the combined company s ability to deliver its intended drug product to patients. These forward-looking statements are based on a number of assumptions, including the assumptions that the combined company will obtain all such regulatory and other approvals as may be required to pursue its clinical trials on the drug product referred to in the news release, the results of such clinical trials will be positive, and Psyence Biomed (as defined below) will be able to commercialize Filament Health Corp s natural psilocybin drug candidate, PEX010 (25 mg). There are numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, among others: the inability to complete the proposed business combination; the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the proposed business combination; demand for the combined company s securities being less than anticipated; fluctuations in the price of Newcourt s ordinary shares, and Newcourt not raising the amount expected, or any funds at all. Actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such information. Nothing in this communication should be regarded as a representation by any person that the forward-looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking statements will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Except as required by law, Newcourt and Psyence do not intend to update these forward-looking statements. Newcourt makes no medical, treatment or health benefit claims about the combined company s proposed products. The efficacy of psilocybin, psilocybin analogues, or other psychedelic compounds or nutraceutical products remains the subject of ongoing research. There is no assurance that the use of psilocybin, psilocybin analogues, or other psychedelic compounds or nutraceuticals can diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease or condition. Vigorous scientific research and clinical trials are needed. Psyence Biomed has not conducted clinical trials for the use of its proposed products. Any references to quality, consistency, efficacy, and safety of potential products do not imply that Psyence Biomed or the combined company verified such in clinical trials or that the combined company will complete such trials. If the combined company cannot obtain the approvals or research necessary to commercialize its business, it may have a material adverse effect on the combined company s performance and operations. The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments that may affect us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited, to those factors described under Item 1A of this Report under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. Unless otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; board of directors or board are to the board of directors of the Company; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Cantor are to Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the representative of the underwriters; Cohen or CCM are to Cohen Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group LLC; Companies Act are to the Companies Act (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account (as defined below) and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; equity linked securities are to any securities of our company which are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, ordinary shares of our company; Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; FINRA are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by certain initial holders in a private placement prior to our initial public offering, and, unless the context otherwise requires, our Class A ordinary shares issued upon the conversion thereof as provided herein; GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; initial business combination are to a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; initial public offering are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on October 22, 2021; initial shareholders are to the holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; letter agreement are to the letter agreement entered into on October 19, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, directors and Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC; management or our management team are to our officers and directors; Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Global Market; ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 placement units are to 1,140,000 units issued in a private placement which occurred simultaneously with the initial public offering; placement warrant are to 570,000 warrants included in the placement units, the issuance of which occurred simultaneously with the initial public offering; public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares offered as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are subscribed for in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares; public warrants are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are subscribed for in our initial public offering or in the open market); private placement are to the private placement of an aggregate of 1,140,000 units being purchased by our sponsor, Cantor, and Cohen which occurred simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering at the purchase price of 10.00 per unit for a total purchase price of 11,400,000; Psyence are to Psyence Group Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Ontario, Canada; Psyence Biomed are to Psyence Biomed Corp., a corporation organized under the laws of British Columbia, Canada; Registration Statement are to the Form S-1 filed with the SEC March 16, 2021, as amended; Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended December 31, 2022; Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; sponsor are to Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; trust account or Trust Account are to the trust account in which an amount of 255,000,000 10.20 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units and private placement units in the initial public offering was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; units are to the units sold in our initial public offering (whether they are subscribed for in our initial public offering or in the open market) and the private placement in connection thereof, which consist of one public share and one-half of one public warrant; and we, us, Company or our company , NCAC and Newcourt are to Newcourt Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business. Introduction Newcourt Acquisition Corp is a blank check company incorporated on February 25, 2021 as a Cayman Islands company for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to the initial public offering and searching for a potential target for the initial business combination. Initial Public Offering On October 22, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering (the IPO of 25,000,000 units, including 3,000,000 units issued pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one public share, and one-half public warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one public share for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate 1,140,000 units to our sponsor, Cantor and CCM at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 11,400,000. A total of 255,000,000, comprised of the proceeds from the initial public offering, the underwriters exercise of partial over-allotment option and the sale of the private placement units was placed in the trust account with Continental acting as trustee. Extensions On January 6, 2023, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment (the Extension Amendment to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination for an initial three (3) months from January 22, 2023 to April 22, 2023 and up to three (3) times for an additional one (1) month each time from April 22, 2023 to July 22, 2023 (which is 21 months from the closing of our IPO). If the Company s initial business combination is not consummated by July 22, 2023 (or earlier, if the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination is not extended in full), then the Company s existence will terminate, and the Company will distribute amounts in the Trust Account as provided in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In connection with the First Extension Amendment, Newcourt shareholders holding 23,497,468 public shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately 247 million (approximately 10.35 per public share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. In connection with the Extension Amendment, on July 7, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note (the Extension Note in the aggregate principal amount of up to 1,000,000 (the Extension Funds to the sponsor, pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to provide the Company with installments of the Extension Funds, to be deposited into the Trust Account for each month in which the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination is extended. Proposed Psyence Business Combination Overview On January 9, 2023, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement with the sponsor, Psyence Group Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Ontario, Canada Psyence ), and Psyence Biomed Corp., a corporation organized under the laws of British Columbia, Canada Psyence Biomed ). Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, at the Effective Time (as defined below), (a) a to-be-incorporated wholly-owned subsidiary of Psyence Biomed domiciled in the Cayman Islands (the Merger 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Sub will be merged with and into Newcourt (the Merger ), with Newcourt surviving the Merger as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Psyence Biomed (the Combined Company ). As consideration for the Merger, as of the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time (i) each Class B ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, of Newcourt (the Newcourt Class B Stock ), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and upon the terms set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, will be converted into the right to receive one common share of Psyence Biomed (each, a Psyence Biomed Common Share (the Per Share Merger Consideration ), and (ii) each Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, of Newcourt (the Newcourt Class A Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (after giving effect to the completion and payment of any redemptions of Newcourt Class A Stock (the Redemption )), other than shares owned by Newcourt, Merger Sub, Psyence Biomed or any of their respective subsidiaries, by virtue of the Merger and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, will be converted into the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration. The aggregate number of Psyence Biomed Common Shares into which the Newcourt Class A Stock and Newcourt Class B Stock are converted into is the merger consideration (the Merger Consideration ). Before or upon the Closing, Psyence Biomed intends to transfer the shares of Good Psyence (Pty) Ltd (RF) (South Africa), Psyence Jamaica Ltd (Jamaica), Psyence Therapeutics Corp. (Ontario, Canada), Mind Health (Pty) Ltd (Lesotho), Psyence South Africa (Pty) Ltd (South Africa), and Pure Psyence Corp. (Canada) to an entity of the Psyence s choice. In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Transaction ), Newcourt and Psyence Biomed also intend to enter into Subscription Agreements with certain investors, prior to the consummation of the Transaction (the Closing ), to provide financing to Newcourt, Psyence Biomed or the Combined Company (the PIPE Investment ). Immediately prior to the consummation of the PIPE Investment, Psyence Biomed will effect a stock split, under which each Psyence Biomed Common Share that is issued and outstanding as of such time shall be split into a number of Psyence Biomed Common Shares determined by multiplying each such Psyence Biomed Common Share by a split factor, which is the quotient obtained by dividing the Per Share Psyence Biomed Value by 10.00. The Per Share Psyence Biomed Value is the quotient obtained by dividing 50,000,000 by the total number of issued and outstanding Psyence Biomed Common Shares immediately prior to the stock split. Representations and Warranties The Business Combination Agreement contains a number of representations and warranties made by the parties as of the date of the Business Combination Agreement or other specified dates. Certain of the representations and warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect (as hereinafter defined), as well as information provided in the disclosure schedules to the Business Combination Agreement. As used in the Business Combination Agreement, Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to any specified person or entity, any event, circumstance or state of facts that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material and adverse effect upon (i) the business, results of operations or financial condition of such person or entity and, taken as a whole, or (ii) the ability of such person or entity to perform its respective obligations and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, in each case, subject to certain customary exceptions. No Survival The representations and warranties of the parties contained in the Business Combination Agreement terminate as of, and do not survive, the Closing. The covenants and agreements of the parties contained in the Business Combination Agreement do not survive the Closing, except those covenants and agreements to be performed after the Closing, and then only with respect to any breaches occurring on or after the Closing. Covenants of the Parties The Business Combination Agreement also contains certain customary covenants by each of the parties during the period between the signing of the Business Combination Agreement and the earlier of the Closing or the termination of the Business Combination Agreement in accordance with its terms (the Interim Period ), including those relating to: (i) commercially reasonable efforts to effect 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 the Closing; (ii) the movement of the funds from the Trust Account at Closing; (iii) maintenance of listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq (iv) confidential information; (v) access to information, including properties, books and records; (vi) notifications of certain breaches, consent requirements or other matters; (vii) reasonable best efforts to obtain any necessary regulatory approvals; (viii) communications and SEC filings; (ix) expenses; and (x) consummation of the PIPE Investment. Each party also agreed during the Interim Period not to solicit or enter into any inquiry, proposal or offer, or any indication of interest in making an offer or proposal for an alternative transaction. The Business Combination Agreement also contains certain customary pre-Closing covenants regarding (a) indemnification of directors and officers and the purchase of tail directors and officers liability insurance; and (b) adoption of an equity incentive plan of the Surviving Company, in addition to pre-Closing covenants regarding (x) the scope of due diligence and (y) the transfer (or under certain circumstances, forfeiture) by the Sponsor of up to 3,000,000 shares of Newcourt Class B Stock held by the Sponsor for reduction of any deferred underwriting fees and certain other uses. The parties made customary covenants regarding the registration statement on Form F-4 to be filed by Newcourt (the Registration Statement on Form F-4 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), to register the Psyence Biomed Common Shares to be issued as Merger Consideration under the Business Combination Agreement. The Registration Statement on Form F-4 also will contain the Newcourt proxy statement to solicit proxies from Newcourt s shareholders to approve, among other things, (i) the Business Combination Agreement and the Transaction, including the Merger; (ii) the adoption of a new equity incentive plan and issuing certain Psyence Biomed restricted securities thereunder; and (iii) the appointment of the post-Closing board of directors. The parties agreed that the post-Closing board of directors will consist of five directors designated prior to the Closing, including one director designated by the Sponsor, one independent director (under Nasdaq requirements) mutually designated by Newcourt and Psyence, and the remaining directors designated by Psyence. The parties further agreed each director and officer of Newcourt will resign at the Closing. Furthermore, at the Closing, the Parties intend to amend and restate the Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement (the A R Registration Rights Agreement to apply to securities of Psyence Biomed, and (ii) at or prior to the Closing, Psyence Biomed will amend and restate its existing Memorandum and Articles to effect the Stock Split. Conditions to Closing The Business Combination Agreement contains customary conditions to Closing, including the following mutual conditions of the parties (unless waived): (i) no law or order preventing the Transaction; (ii) approval of the shareholders of Newcourt; (iii) if required by the Canadian Stock Exchange Rules, the approval by shareholders of Psyence; (iv) completion of any required stock exchange or regulatory review and receipt of any mutually agreed required regulatory approvals; (v) the Registration Statement on Form F-4 having been declared effective by the SEC; (vi) obtaining all consents required by the Canadian Securities Exchange and applicable Canadian securities laws; and (vii) resignation of the directors and officers of Newcourt. In addition, unless waived, the obligations of Psyence and Psyence Biomed to consummate the Transaction are subject to the satisfaction of the following additional Closing conditions, in addition to the delivery by Newcourt of customary certificates and other Closing deliverables: (i) the representations and warranties of Newcourt being true and correct as of the date of the Closing, except to the extent made as of a particular date (subject to certain materiality qualifiers); (ii) each of Newcourt and the Sponsor having performed in all material respects its obligations and complied in all material respects with its covenants and agreements under the Business Combination Agreement required to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the date of the Closing; (iii) the absence of any Material Adverse Effect with respect to Newcourt since the date of the Business Combination Agreement; (iv) delivery of a duly executed officer s certificate certifying certain conditions; (v) Newcourt having, at the Closing, at least 20,000,000, including funds remaining in the trust account (after giving effect to the Redemption) and the proceeds from the PIPE Investment, net of liabilities of Newcourt; (vi) Newcourt having delivered executed copies of each Ancillary Agreement to which it is a party; (vii) approval of the Psyence Biomed Common Shares for listing on Nasdaq; and (viii) the completion of the PIPE Investment. Unless waived, the obligations of Newcourt to consummate the Transaction are subject to the satisfaction of the following additional Closing conditions, in addition to the delivery by Psyence of customary certificates and other Closing deliverables: (i) the representations and warranties of Psyence and Psyence Biomed being true and correct as of the date of the Closing, except to the extent made as of a particular date (subject to certain materiality qualifiers); (ii) Psyence Biomed having performed in all material respects its obligations 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 and complied in all material respects with its covenants and agreements under the Business Combination Agreement required to be performed or complied with or by it on or prior to the date of the Closing; (iii) the absence of any Material Adverse Effect with respect to Psyence or Psyence Biomed since the date of the Business Combination Agreement; (iv) delivery of a duly executed officer s certificate certifying certain conditions; (v) Psyence and Psyence Biomed shall have executed and delivered a copy of each Ancillary Agreement to which they are a party; (vi) delivery by Psyence Biomed to Newcourt of certain financial statements; and (vii) a fairness opinion shall have been received by Newcourt. Termination The Business Combination Agreement may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances at any time prior to the Closing, including: (i) by mutual written consent of Newcourt and Psyence; (ii) by either Newcourt or Psyence if any applicable law is in effect which makes the consummation of the Transactions illegal or any final, non-appealable order in effect permanently prevents the consummation of the Transactions, unless such order or other action was caused by the breach of such party; (iii) by either Newcourt or Psyence if the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement shall not have occurred on or before July 22, 2023; (iv) by either Newcourt or Psyence in the event of the other party s uncured material breach, if such breach would result in the failure of a condition to Closing (and so long as the terminating party is not also in breach under the Business Combination Agreement); (v) by either Newcourt or Psyence if the shareholders of Newcourt do not approve the Business Combination Agreement and the Transaction at an extraordinary general shareholder meeting held by Newcourt; (vi) by Newcourt if Psyence does not obtain the requisite approvals for the Transaction; (vii) by Psyence within 10 business days of the date of the Business Combination Agreement if it is unsatisfied with its due diligence of Newcourt; (viii) by Psyence if Newcourt has not delivered to Psyence by March 31, 2023 a certified copy of resolutions or written consent of Newcourt s board of directors unanimously confirming a 50,000,000 valuation of Psyence Biomed made in reliance of a favourable fairness opinion; (ix) by Psyence if by March 31, 2023 the parties are unable to agree on finalized forms of certain ancillary documents; (x) by Psyence if Subscription Agreements for PIPE Investment evidencing indicative commitments for (or funding of) and non-redemption agreements totaling at least 20,000,000 in the aggregate have not been received by February 28, 2023; and (xi) by Psyence or Newcourt if Newcourt s transaction expenses exceeds 7,000,000. If the Business Combination Agreement is terminated, all further obligations of the parties under the Business Combination Agreement (except for certain obligations related to communications, fees and expenses, trust account waiver, termination and general provisions) will terminate, and no party to the Business Combination Agreement will have any further liability. Termination shall not relieve any Party from any liability arising out of or incurred as a result of its fraud or its material breach of the Business Combination Agreement. The Business Combination Agreement does not provide for any termination fees. Trust Account Waiver Psyence and Psyence Biomed each agreed that they and their affiliates will not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in Newcourt s trust account held for Newcourt s public shareholders, and agreed not to, and waived any right to, make any claim against the trust account (including any distributions therefrom) other than in connection with the closing of the proposed business combination. Governing Law The Business Combination Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Delaware and the parties are subject to exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery. A copy of the Business Combination Agreement is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference, and the foregoing description of the Business Combination Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. The Business Combination Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that the respective parties made to each other as of the date of such agreement or other specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties and covenants were made for purposes of the contract among the respective parties and are subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by the parties in connection with negotiating such agreement. The Business Combination Agreement has been filed with this Report in order to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about Newcourt, Psyence, Psyence Biomed or any other party to the Business Combination Agreement. In particular, the 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in the Business Combination Agreement, which were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Business Combination Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties (including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Business Combination Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts) and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors and reports and documents filed with the SEC. Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements, or any descriptions thereof, as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of any party to the Business Combination Agreement. In addition, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements and other terms of the Business Combination Agreement may be subject to subsequent waiver or modification. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties and other terms may change after the date of the Business Combination Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in Newcourt s public disclosures. Related Agreements Pursuant to or in connection with the Business Combination Agreement, the parties will enter into certain customary agreements (the Ancillary Agreements such as the A R Registration Rights Agreement, Lock-Up Agreements, Subscription Agreements and Support Agreements by the Sponsor as well as certain shareholders of the Psyence. Shareholders and other interested parties are urged to read such Ancillary Agreements in their entirety when available. For more information about the Business Combination Agreement and the proposed business combination with Psyence, see our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 13, 2023. Unless specifically stated, this Report does not give effect to the proposed business combination with Psyence and does not contain the risks associated with the proposed business combination with Psyence. Such risks and effects relating to the business combination with Psyence will be included in a Registration Statement on Form S-4 that we will file with the SEC relating to our business combination with Psyence. Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholders approval, as applicable. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in any operations and we will not engage in any operations until our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. If we pay for our initial business combination using shares or debt securities, or we do not use all of the funds released from the trust account for payment of the purchase price in connection with our business combination or for redemptions or purchases of our ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of acquired businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in consummating our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. Although our management will continue to assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. However, if our securities are not listed on Nasdaq or another securities exchange, we will no longer be subject to that requirement. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities to finance our initial business combination, and we may effectuate an initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would consummate such financing only simultaneously with the consummation of our business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law or Nasdaq, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Other Acquisition Considerations Members of our management team may directly or indirectly own our ordinary shares and/or placement units following the IPO, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Each of our directors and officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company prior to completion of our initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. Although we have no formal policy in place for vetting potential conflicts of interest, our board of directors will review any potential conflicts of interest on a case-by-case basis. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our shares or for a combination of our shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may have a negative view of us since we are a blank check company, without an operating history, and there is uncertainty relating to our ability to obtain shareholder approval of our proposed initial business combination and retain sufficient funds in our trust account in connection therewith. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. Financial Position With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of 242,500,000 assuming no redemptions and after payment of 12,500,000 of deferred underwriting fees, in each case before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. On January 6, 2023, shareholders holding 23,497,468 public shares exercised their right to redeem their public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, approximately 247 million (approximately 10.35 per public share) has been removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders and approximately 15.55 million remains in the Trust Account. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following the IPO. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of the placement units, our shares, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may, although we do not currently intend to, seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, start-up companies or companies with speculative business plans or excess leverage, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination The Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. Our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of our board of directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. There is no basis for investors in the IPO to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack of business diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 Limited ability to evaluate the target s management team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that such additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders may not have the ability to approve our initial business combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Under Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: we issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of Class A ordinary shares then outstanding (other than in a public offering); any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 Permitted purchases of our securities In the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares such persons may purchase. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. In the event our sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates determine to make any such purchases at the time of a shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, such purchases could have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such transaction. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, we adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. The purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business combination. Such persons would select the shareholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Ability to extend the time to complete our initial business combination We will have until 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months, we may, by resolution of our board of directors if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to three additional times, each by an additional one month (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of incorporation and the trust agreement between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as amended, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, we must deposit into the trust account for each additional one-month extension, 82,500 on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, up to an aggregate of 247,500. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Redemption rights for public shareholders upon completion of our initial business combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is anticipated to be approximately 10.35 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our initial holders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. On January 6, 2023, shareholders holding 23,497,468 public shares exercised their right to redeem their public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, approximately 247 million (approximately 10.35 per public share) has been removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders and approximately 15.55 million remains in the Trust Account. Following redemptions, the Company has 1,502,532 public shares outstanding. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. We intend to conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless shareholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules. If a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination, after payment of the deferred underwriting commission (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 We expect that a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our Nasdaq listing or Exchange Act registration. In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. We expect that at the time of any shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, our sponsor and its permitted transferees will own approximately 81.2 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of a business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination, after payment of the deferred underwriting commission (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Limitation on redemption upon completion of our initial business combination if we seek shareholder approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our initial holders, sponsor, officers and directors have, pursuant to a letter agreement entered into with us, waived their right to have any founder shares or public shares held by them redeemed in connection with our initial business combination. Unless any of our other affiliates acquires founder shares through a permitted transfer from an initial shareholder, and thereby becomes subject to the letter agreement, no such affiliate is subject to this waiver. However, to the extent any such affiliate acquires public shares in the initial public offering or thereafter through open market purchases, it would be a public shareholder and restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to any Excess Shares. Tendering share certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights We may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC System, rather than simply voting against the initial business combination. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a shareholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the general meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the general meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until April 22, 2023 (or July 22, 2023, if the date by which the Company must complete an initial business combination is extended in full). Redemption of public shares and liquidation if no initial business combination On January 6, 2023, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment (the Extension Amendment to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination for an initial three (3) months from January 22, 2023 to April 22, 2023 and up to three (3) times for an additional one (1) month each time from April 22, 2023 to July 22, 2023 (which is 21 months from the closing of our IPO). Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we will have only 21 months from the closing of the IPO to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination July 22, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 15-month time period. Our initial holders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by April 22, 2023 (or July 22, 2023, if the date by which the Company must complete an initial business combination is extended in full). However, if our initial holders, sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by April 22, 2023 (or July 22, 2023, if the date by which the Company must complete an initial business combination is extended in full). 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Our initial holders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or up to 21 months, if we further extend the time to complete a business combination) from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to the other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination, after payment of the deferred underwriting commission (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.35. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.20. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all third parties (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.20 per share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all third parties (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to 1,500,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the placement units, with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate, and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. If we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/ creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy insolvency court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or up to 21 months, if we further extend the time to complete a business combination) from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or up to 21 months, if we further extend the time to complete a business combination) from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to the initial public offering that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a general meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to tender their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) in each case subject to the limitations described herein; we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either prior to or upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company; if our initial business combination is not consummated by July 22, 2023, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account; and prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. 
 These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in a general meeting. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human capital and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Conflicts of Interest Each of our officers and directors presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. Indemnity Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC to reserve for such obligations. Human Capital Management As of the effective date of this Report, we have three officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that our officers or any other members of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on the status of the proposed business combination with Psyence and, if the proposed business combination with Psyence is not consummated, whether a different target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this Report contains financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public auditors. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, U.S. GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. On October 18, 2021, we filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Item 1A. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements in this Report are any of the risks described in our final prospectus for our initial public offering filed with the SEC and the risks described in this Report. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Report, other than as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus for our initial public offering filed with the SEC and declared effective by the SEC on October 19, 2021. See also the Risk Factors that will be set forth in our preliminary prospectus/proxy statement to be included in a Registration Statement on Form S-4 that we will file with the SEC relating to our proposed business combination with Psyence If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and liquidate the trust account. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 restrictions on the issuance of securities. In addition, we would be subject to burdensome compliance requirements, including: registration as an investment company with the SEC; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. As a result, if we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and liquidate the Trust Account. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete an initial business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. To that end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term, we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Certain proposed rules issued by the SEC on March 30, 2022 would provide a safe harbor for SPACs from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The duration component of the proposed safe harbor rule would require a SPAC to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that it has entered into an agreement with the target company (or companies) to engage in an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the SPAC s registration statement for its initial public offering. The SPAC would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering. Although the proposed rules, including the proposed safe harbor rule, have not yet been adopted, and may be adopted in a revised form, the SEC has indicated that there are serious questions concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC that does not complete its initial business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. Notwithstanding whether or not the proposed rules are adopted by the SEC, we may be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. As a SPAC, we were formed for the sole purpose of completing an initial business combination. The longer that the funds in the Trust Account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary of our IPO, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate. Accordingly, we will liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account prior to the end of the 24-month period after the effective date of our IPO registration statement, or October 19, 2023, and instead hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation. Further, if we do not invest the proceeds held in the Trust Account as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, and the loss you may suffer as a result of being deemed subject to the Investment Company Act may be greater than if we liquidated the securities held in the Trust Account and instead held such funds in cash. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to regulation under the Investment Company Act. However, if we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete the business combination. In such circumstances, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete the business combination and liquidate the Trust Account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period and are required to liquidate the Trust Account, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.35 per share (based on the amount in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022), or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we are required to liquidate, you may lose all or part of your investment in the Company and our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire and become worthless. In order to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we will, prior to the end of the 24-month period after the effective date of our IPO registration statement, or October 19, 2023, instruct the Trustee to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of the consummation of the business combination or our liquidation. Any decision to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash would likely reduce the amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation. While the funds in our Trust Account may only be invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, we will, prior to the end of the 24-month period after the effective date of our IPO registration statement, or October 19, 2023, instruct the Trustee to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of the consummation of the business combination or our liquidation in order to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act. Any decision to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash, combined with any permitted withdrawals of interest held in the Trust Account to pay our taxes, would likely reduce the effective yield on the amounts in the Trust Account and the amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation. We may not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company since such initial business combination may be subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ), or ultimately prohibited. Certain federally licensed businesses in the United States, such as broadcasters and airlines, may be subject to rules or regulations that limit foreign ownership. In addition, CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign investment in the United States by foreign persons in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the United States. Were we considered to be a foreign person under such rules and regulations, any proposed business combination between us and a U.S. business engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security could be subject to such foreign ownership restrictions and/or CFIUS review. The scope of CFIUS was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA to include certain non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subject certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. If our potential initial business combination with a U.S. business falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions, we may be unable to consummate an initial business combination with such business. In addition, if our potential business combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company if we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance. The foreign ownership limitations, and the potential impact of CFIUS, may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. Moreover, the process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our initial business combination, our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.35 per share, and our warrants will 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 expire worthless. This will also cause you to lose any potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and may lead to other national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere (including increased tensions between China and Taiwan), and a resulting climate of geopolitical uncertainty, may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere (including increased tensions between China and Taiwan), and a resulting climate of geopolitical uncertainty, may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and to other national, regional and international economic disruptions and economic uncertainty, any of which could make it more difficult for us to identify a business combination target and consummate an initial business combination on acceptable commercial terms or at all. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our Class A ordinary shares, units and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq ). We are subject to compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements in order to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. Such continued listing requirements for our Class A ordinary shares include, among other things, the requirement to maintain at least 400 public holders and at least 500,000 publicly held shares. We expect that if our Class A ordinary shares fail to meet Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, our units and warrants will also fail to meet Nasdaq s continued listing requirements for those securities. We cannot assure you that any of our ordinary shares, units or warrants will be able to meet any of Nasdaq s continued listing requirements. If our securities do not meet Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange. If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A ordinary shares constitute a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Our Class A ordinary shares, units and warrants qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by special purpose acquisition companies, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. We currently maintain our executive offices at 2201 Broadway, Suite 705, Oakland, CA 94612. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 20,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor or its affiliate for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. None. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information. Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are traded on Nasdaq under the symbols NCACU, NCAC and NCACW, respectively. Holders Although there are a larger number of beneficial owners, at March 20, 2023, there were 4 holders of record of our units, 1 holder of record of our separately traded Class A ordinary shares and 1 holder of record of our separately traded warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Purchase of Equity Security by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering On October 22, 2021, the Company consummated its initial public offering of 25,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, including 3,000,000 units issued pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option in part, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Each unit consists of one public share and one-half of one public warrant, with each whole public warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one public share for 11.50 per share. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 1,140,000 placement units at a price of 10.00 per placement unit in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC and underwriters Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Cohen Company Capital Markets, generating gross proceeds of 11,400,000. A total of 255,000,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering (which amount includes 11,000,000 of the underwriters deferred discount) and the sale of the private placement units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account with Continental acting as trustee. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Reserved. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report including, without limitation, statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Annual Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Overview We are a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more target businesses. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering IPO and the sale of the placement units that occurred simultaneously with the completion of our IPO, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the IPO, described below, and since the IPO, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds of the IPO placed in the Trust Account. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 8,014,314 which primarily consists of operating expenses of 1,293,977, interest income on investments held in trust account of 3,551,791 and change in fair value of warrants of 5,756,500. For the period February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 8,230,440, which consisted of operating expenses of 334,288, interest income on investments held in trust account of 2,424, change in fair value of warrants of 9,671,800 and transaction costs allocated to warrant issuance 1,109,496. Liquidity and Capital Resources On October 22, 2021, we consummated the IPO of 22,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, which included the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 units, generating gross proceeds of 220,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 2,210,667 private placement warrants to the sponsor at a price of 1.50 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of 3,316,000. Following the closing of the IPO and the Over-Allotment, 255,000,000 10.20 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account and will be invested in U.S. government securities, 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d) (3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account. Offering costs for the IPO and the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option amounted to 15,937,545, consisting of 3,787,971 of underwriting fees, 11,000,000 of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held in the Trust Account) and 1,149,574 of other costs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 519,604. Net cash used in investing activities was zero and net cash provided by financing activities was zero. For the period from February 25, 2021, through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 839,173. Net cash used in investing activities was 255,000,000 and net cash provided by financing activities was 256,487,455 mainly reflecting the proceeds of our IPO and subsequent deposit into the trust account. At December 31, 2022, we had cash and marketable securities held in the trust account of 257,725,405. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less income taxes payable), to complete our business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. At December 31, 2022, we had cash of 128,678 outside of the trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 0.75 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no Working Capital Loans outstanding. We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Contractual obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. The underwriter is entitled to deferred underwriting commissions of 13,100,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. A portion of the deferred underwriting commission may be allocated to third parties at the discretion of the Sponsor. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of executive compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. Ordinary share Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary share subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary share (including ordinary share that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary share is classified as stockholders equity. Our ordinary share features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, ordinary share subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary share to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary share are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Net Income per Common Share Net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of ordinary share outstanding during the period, excluding shares of ordinary share subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor. At December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and/or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into shares of ordinary share and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted income per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. Item 7A.Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. Not required for smaller reporting companies. Item 8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Reference is made to pages F-6 through F-20 comprising a portion of this Report. Item 9.Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A.Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Certifying Officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting This Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the SEC for newly public companies. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. None. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name Age Title Michael Jordaan 54 Chairman of the Board of Directors Marc Balkin 49 Chief Executive Officer Daniel Rogers 53 Chief Financial Officer Simran Aggarwal 50 Independent Director Rohit Bodas 47 Independent Director Nicole Farb 43 Independent Director Michael Jordaan has served as Chairman of our board of directors since March 2021. Dr. Jordaan is a founder and since 2014 has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Montegray Capital, a venture capital firm invested in 25 businesses around the world that aim to operate disruptive business solutions enabled by technology. He has extensive experience navigating the regulatory environment of global emerging markets. Dr. Jordaan currently serves as the Chairman of Bank Zero, a digital bank in South Africa that he founded in 2018. He also invests in and advises innovative businesses such as 5G data network Rain, where he is a director, and serves as the Chairman of SA SME Fund Investment Committee, a R1.4 billion fund that invests in venture capital funds, growth funds and impact investment funds. From 2004 to 2014, Dr. Jordaan served as the CEO of First National Bank FNB (formerly Barclays Bank South Africa). During his tenure as CEO at FNB, the bank served 7.3 million customers and grew into eight African countries, India and the United Kingdom. He led FNB to be named the World s Most Innovative Bank in the 2012 BAI-Finacle Global Banking Innovation Awards, as well as Best Digital Bank and Coolest Bank . He was also the recipient of the CNBC Africa Business Leader of the Year for Southern Africa Award and was voted Business Leader of the year in 2013 by the chief executives of the top 100 companies on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. From 1999 to 2004, Dr. Jordaan served as the CEO for several lines of business within FNB, including FNB Home Loans, eBucks.com and FNB Customer Solutions Division. Prior to his work with FNB, Dr. Jordaan served as the CEO of Origin Bank where he established and led Origin, a merchant bank for individuals. Dr. Jordaan also served as a Commissioned Officer in the SA Navy. Dr. Jordaan graduated from Paul Roos Gymnasium, Stellenbosch, South Africa in 1985. He completed his M. Comm (Economics) in 1992 and PhD (Banking Supervision) at Stellenbosch University in 1997. We believe Dr. Jordaan is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive investment and management experience and deep specific knowledge in the areas of fintech and financial services. Marc Balkin has been our Chief Executive Officer since March 2021. Mr. Balkin is a founder of Balkin and Co, an advisory firm that has advised private equity firms and family offices on mergers, acquisitions and investments in Africa since 2015. Clients have included HP Bet (part of the family office of Dr. Hasso Plattner, a founder and current Chairman of SAP), Omidyar Network (part of the family office of Pierre Omidyar, the founder of eBay) and Rand Merchant Bank. Prior to founding Balkin and Co, Mr. Balkin was the Managing Partner of Hasso Plattner Ventures Africa, a Venture Fund in which Dr. Plattner was the key limited partner. Mr. Balkin also held responsibility for managing the Emerging Market portfolio of private equity and venture capital assets of Dr. Plattner s family office. Mr. Balkin is currently a partner at DiGame, a growth fund focused on Africa and the Middle East in which the key investor is Abu Dhabi Investment Counsel ADIC ). Mr. Balkin represents DiGame on the board of direct-to-consumer asset manager 10X Investments. Since 2004, Mr. Balkin has served on and chaired a range of venture capital and private equity fund investment committees as the representative of the limited partners or investors. These include Enablis, First National Bank Vumela Fund, Telkom Future Makers and Alithea IDF. Between 2000 and 2007, Mr. Balkin was the founding partner of O2 Capital, a private equity fund manager for the Msele Nedventures Fund. The LPs in the fund included a range of development finance institutions such as Proparco (France), DEG (Germany) and IDC (South Africa) and the fund invested primarily in technology businesses in South Africa. Mr. Balkin obtained his BA in 1995 and his LLB in 1997 from University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Daniel Rogers has been our Chief Financial Officer since March 2021. Since founding FintechForce, Inc. in 2008, Mr. Rogers has served as Chief Executive Officer of the advisory and financial management outsourcing firm, which advises venture-backed fintech companies on financial matters, accounting and fundraising. Representative clients have included Earnest, BillFloat, Flexible Finance, Helpshift and Encircle Labs. In addition, Mr. Rogers served as the Chief Financial Officer of Endpoint Clinical (acquired by LabCorp (NYSE: LH)), Simplee (acquired by Flywire) and Plastic Jungle (acquired by InComm). Prior to working with venture-backed fintech companies, Mr. Rogers served as the Chief Financial Officer for Fifth Third Processing Solutions, a division of Fifth Third Bank (NASDAQ: FITB). From 1998 to 2007, Mr. Rogers served as Vice President of Finance for Wells Fargo Merchant Services, a division of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (NYSE: WFC) and Vice President of Corporate Financial Planning Analysis at Wells Fargo Company. Mr. Rogers obtained his BSc in 1992 from Lafayette College and his MBA in 1998 from Pennsylvania State University. Simran Rekhi Aggarwal has served as an independent director of the Company since October 2021. Mrs. Aggarwal is the Founder and President of Fintech Meetup, a digital-first events company that connects the payments, banking and financial services community, and Personatech, an event-tech company. Previously, she founded and led large scale events including Money20/20 (fintech) which was acquired by Ascential, as well as Shoptalk (retail and ecommerce) and Groceryshop (grocery and consumer packaged goods), which were acquired by Hyve Group. Mrs. Aggarwal received a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics and Finance from the New York University Stern School of Business. We believe Mrs. Aggarwal is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to her significant direct experience working with financial technology companies. Rohit Bodas has served as an independent director of the Company since October 2021. Mr. Bodas brings over 20 years of experience as a venture capital investor, software engineer, startup advisor and angel investor in the technology and financial service industries. From September 2017 to May 2021, Mr. Bodas served as a General Partner at Propel Venture Partners Global SL, a 250 million venture capital fund backed by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria BBVA ). Before joining Propel Venture Partners, from November 2011 to July 2017, Mr. Bodas was a founding member of Amex Ventures, the strategic investment group for American Express. Before American Express, Mr. Bodas was a funding member of Hartford Ventures, the strategic investment arm of The Hartford Financial Services Group. Over his career, Mr. Bodas has led investments in several high-growth and successful startups in the US, Mexico, UK, and India. Notable investments include Plaid, Groww, Trulioo, Clip, ChargePoint (NYSE: CHPT), inAuth (acquired by American Express), and Mezi (acquired by American Express), among others. Earlier in his career, Mr. Bodas held roles in engineering and product development at Motorola Research Labs, and he is an inventor of seven US patents. Mr. Bodas has a BE in Electronics and Telecommunications, MS in Computer Science, and received his MBA from the Kellogg School of Management. Mr. Bodas is also an advisor to FTOC and an active angel investor. He is the founder of Amara.vc, a private angel investment syndicate focusing on fintech and AI startups in the US and India. We believe Mr. Bodas is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive investment experience and deep specific knowledge in the areas of fintech and financial services. Nicole Farb has served as an independent director of the Company since October 2021. Mrs. Farb is an experienced entrepreneur, investor, company executive and advisor with deep expertise in the technology sector. She is currently a Venture Partner with Headline Ventures and advisor to SoFi and Joe Bike, a bicycle subscription service company, and has served on its board of directors since February 2021. Previously, Mrs. Farb served as an Advisor and Vice President to Grove Collaborative. From 2013 to 2019, Mrs. Farb was CEO, co-founder and a director of Darby Smart (acquired). From 2009 to 2013, Mrs. Farb worked at Goldman Sachs Technology Investment Banking Group, initially as an associate and later as a vice president and head of emerging private companies. Mrs. Farb received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Journalism from Loyola University Chicago and an MBA from University of Chicago. We believe Mrs. Farb is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to her significant experience working on capital markets transactions and providing corporate leadership. Number, Terms of Office and Appointment of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of six members. Holders of our founder shares had the right to appoint all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares did not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our founder shares. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Director Independence The Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person who has No material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). We have three independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules prior to completion of the initial public offering. A majority of our board of directors is comprised of independent directors to comply with the majority independent board requirement in Rule 5605(b) of the Nasdaq listing rules. Our board of directors has determined that Simran Aggarwal, Rohit Bodas and Nicole Farb are independent directors under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors will have two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Each committee will operate under a charter that has been approved by our board and will have the composition and responsibilities described below. We filed a copy of our audit committee charter and compensation committee charter as exhibits to the IPO registration statement. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee Upon the effectiveness of the IPO, we established an audit committee of the board of directors. The initial members of our audit committee are Mr. Bodas, Mrs. Aggarwal and Mrs. Farb. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Bodas is independent under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Mr. Bodas serves as chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each of Mr. Bodas, Mrs. Aggarwal and Mrs. Farb meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b) (1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Bodas qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 
 reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Compensation Committee Upon the effectiveness of the IPO registration statement, we established a compensation committee of the board of directors. The members of our Compensation Committee are Mrs. Aggarwal, Mrs. Farb and Mr. Bodas. Mrs. Aggarwal will serve as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we generally would be required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain limited exceptions set forth under the rules of Nasdaq. Our board of directors have determined that Mrs. Aggarwal, Mrs. Farb and Mr. Bodas are independent. We adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 
 reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 The charter provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will initially participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Mrs. Aggarwal, Mr. Bodas and Mrs. Farb. Any independent directors elected in the future will also participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, Mrs. Aggarwal, Mr. Bodas and Mrs. Farb are independent. As there is No standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. Prior to our initial business combination, the board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by holders of our founder shares during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for appointment at an annual general meeting (or, if applicable, an extraordinary general meeting). Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, (i) as a member of the compensation committee or board of directors of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our compensation committee, or (ii) as a member of the compensation committee of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our board of directors. Code of Ethics Prior to the effectiveness of the IPO registration statement, we adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors and officers, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to this Report. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec .gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud or willful default. We may purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 changes in ownership of our ordinary shares and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all reports applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 11. Executive Compensation. Officer and Director Compensation None of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation from us for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we pay our sponsor or its affiliate a total of 20,000 per month for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. Our sponsor allocated 15,000 founder shares to each independent director. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or entities with which they are affiliated, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviewed on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or any entity with which they are affiliated. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 20, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of ordinary shares, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary shares; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 9,177,532 ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 2,642,532 Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 6,535,000 Class B ordinary shares, issued and outstanding as of March 20, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except for the election or removal of directors of the board prior to the initial business combination, holders of the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Ordinary Shares Approximate Percentage Number of Number of Of Shares Approximate Shares Approximate Outstanding Name and Address of Beneficial Beneficially Percentage Beneficially Percentage Ordinary Owner (1) Owned of Class Owned of Class Shares Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC (2) 920,000 34.8 6,535,000 100.0 81.2 Michael Jordaan(3) Marc Balkin(3) Daniel Rogers(3) Simran Aggarwal(3) Rohit Bodas(3) Nicole Farb (3) All directors and officers as a group (Six individuals)(3) Saba Capital Management, L.P (4) 1,678,915 63.5 18.3 Highbridge Capital Management, LLC (5) 1,553,685 58.8 16.9 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Newcourt Acquisition Corp, 2201 Broadway, Suite 705, Oakland, CA 94612. (2) Sponsor is organized under the laws of the State of Delaware. Tabula Rasa Limited, a British Virgin Islands company with limited liability, is the sole manager of Sponsor. Fiducia Trustees Limited is the sole corporate director of Tabula Rasa Limited. The address for the principal business office of the Sponsor is 2201 Broadway, Suite 705, Oakland, CA 94612. (3) Each of these officers and directors holds an interest in our sponsor and disclaims any beneficial interest other than to the extent of his or her pecuniary interest. (4) Based solely upon information contained in the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022 and represents shares deemed beneficially owned by each of Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein. The business address of each of the entities and individual above is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58 th Floor, New York, New York 10174. (5) Based solely upon information contained in the Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 3, 2022. The business address is 277 Park Avenue, 23 rd Floor, New York, New York 10172. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. In March 2021, our sponsor purchased 5,912,500 founder shares for a purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share. In September 2021, we effected a dividend of approximately 0.017 shares for each outstanding Class B ordinary share, resulting in there being an aggregate of 6,015,000 founder shares outstanding. On October 19, 2021, we effected a dividend of approximately 0.099 shares for each outstanding Class B ordinary share, resulting in there being an aggregate of 6,611,500 founder shares outstanding. If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of their over-allotment option, holders of founder shares have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will forfeit up to an aggregate of 841,500 founder shares in proportion to the portion of the underwriters over-allotment option that was not exercised. In connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriter, holders of found shares forfeited 76,500 Class B ordinary shares. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor, Cantor, and CCM purchased an aggregate of 1,140,000 placement units, at a price of 10.00 per placement unit, or 11,400,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. The placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold in the IPO, except that if held by our sponsor, Cantor, CCM or their permitted transferees, they (a) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, (b) are not subject to being called for redemption and (c) they (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions (as described in more detail in Item 12), be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our founder shares, placement shares or warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, for as long as the private placement units are held by Cantor or its designees or affiliates, they will be subject to the lock-up and registration rights limitations imposed by FINRA Rule 5110 and may not be exercised after five years from the commencement of sales in the IPO. The placement units were sold in a private placement pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) or Regulation D of the Securities Act and will be exempt from registration requirements under the federal securities laws. As such, the holders of the placement warrants included in the placement units will be able to exercise such placement warrants even if, at the time of exercise, an effective registration statement and a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not available. Other than (i) repayment of loans made to us prior to the date of the prospectus of the initial public offering by our sponsor to cover offering-relating and organization expenses, (ii) repayment of any incremental loans which our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their respective affiliates or other third parties may make to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination (provided that if we do not consummate an initial business combination, we may use working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment), (iii) payments to our sponsor or its affiliate of a total of 20,000 per month for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services, and (iv) reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigation and completing an initial business combination, there will be no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments made to our sponsor, officers or directors or any entities with which they are affiliated. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any entities with which they are affiliated, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or any entities with which they are affiliated and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. On March 11, 2021, the Company issued and on July 7, 2021, the Company amended and restated, an unsecured promissory note to the sponsor (as amended and restated, the IPO Note ), pursuant to which, the Company could borrow up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and were paid off on October 22, 2021. On January 6, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the sponsor (the Extension Note pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to an aggregate of 495,000 in connection with the Trust Agreement Amendment. The Extension Note is non-convertible and bears no interest, and the principal balance is payable on the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. As of January 27, 2023, an aggregate of 247,500 has been drawn down on the Extension Note and deposited into the Trust Account to cover the initial three-month extension. On January 17, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note ), in the amount of up to 1,000,000 to the sponsor. The proceeds of the Note may be drawn down from time to time prior to the Maturity Date (as defined below) upon request by the Company. The Note bears no interest and the principal balance is payable on the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination (the Maturity Date ). At the Maturity Date, by providing written notice to the Company, the Sponsor may elect 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 to convert any portion or all of the amount outstanding under the Note, up to a maximum of 1,000,000, into securities of the Company. The Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of certain of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal balance of the Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Note becoming immediately due and payable. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender at the time of the business combination. The units would be identical to the placement units sold in the private placement. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, placement shares, placement warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans (if any), which was filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. On March 28, 2022, the Company entered into an Administrative Service Agreement with our sponsor, dated as of October 19, 2021, pursuant to which the Company pays a 20,000 per month fee to our sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. Related Party Policy In connection with the consummation of the initial public offering, we adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the code of ethics was filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Citrin Cooperman Company, LLP Citrin ), for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Citrin in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Citrin for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-K for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled approximately 84,900. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we did not pay Citrin any audit-related fees. Tax Fees . We have not paid Citrin for tax services, planning or advice for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 All Other Fees . We did not pay Citrin for any other services for the year ended December 31, 2022. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. The audit committee approved fees to be paid to Citrin for it s service of year-end audit on the Company. Any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 
 (1) Financial Statements INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID: 2468) F-1 Balance Sheets F-2 Statements of Operations F-3 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-4 Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 (2) Financial Statements Schedule 
 All financial Statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. (3) Exhibits 
 We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (2) 2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2023, by and among Newcourt Acquisition Corp, Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC, Psyence Group Inc. and Psyence Biomed Corp. (5) 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, dated as of October 19, 2021 (2) 3.2 Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, dated as of January 6, 2023 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (1) 4.2 Specimen Ordinary Shares Certificate (1) 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (1) 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (2) 4.5 Description of Registered Securities 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2021, by and among the Company and the Company s security holders named therein, and the officers and directors of the Company (2) 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (2) 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2021, by and among the Company, Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC and certain other security holders of the Company (2) 10.4 Administrative Service Agreement, dated as March 28, 2022, by and between the Company and Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC (3) 10.5 Placement Unit Subscription Agreement, dated October 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC (2) 10.6 Placement Unit Subscription Agreement, dated October 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (2) 10.7 Placement Unit Subscription Agreement, dated October 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Cohen Company Capital Markets (2) 10.8 Form Indemnity Agreement, by and between the Company and each of the directors and officers of the Company (1) 10.9 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated March 4, 2021, between the Company and Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC (1) 10.10 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of June 21, 2021, issued to Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC (1) 10.11 Amendment No. 1 to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (4) 10.12 Promissory Note, dated January 17, 2023, issued by Newcourt Acquisition Corp to Newcourt SPAC Sponsor, LLC (6) 14.1 Code of Ethics 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Act Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Act Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit) 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Filed herewith Furnished herewith (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1/A , filed with the SEC on October 5, 2021. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K , filed with the SEC on October 25, 2021. (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022. (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K , filed with the SEC on January 10, 2023. (5) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K , filed with the SEC on January 13, 2023. (6) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K , filed with the SEC on January 23, 2023. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Newcourt Acquisition Corp Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Newcourt Acquisition Corp (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by the close of business on April 22, 2023, unless extended through July 22, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. This date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 9. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Citrin Cooperman Company, LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. New York, New York March 22, 2023 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1. Financial Statements NEWCOURT ACQUISITION CORP BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash Prepaid expenses Interest receivable Total current assets LONG TERM ASSETS Prepaid expenses-non current Investments held in Trust Account TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE ORDINARY SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred underwriting fee payable Due to related party Derivative warrant liabilities Total current liabilities Derivative warrant liabilities Deferred underwriting fee payable Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 6) REDEEMABLE ORDINARY SHARES Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value, shares at redemption value of and per share on December 31, 2022 and 2021 SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class A ordinary shares; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 and 2021) Class B ordinary shares; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE ORDINARY SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 NEWCOURT ACQUISITION CORP STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the period February 25, 2021 For the (inception) year ended through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 OPERATING EXPENSES General and administrative Total operating expenses OTHER INCOME Interest income on investments held in Trust Account Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Transaction costs allocated to warrant issuance ) Total other income NET INCOME Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A Ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B Ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 NEWCOURT ACQUISITION CORP STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Ordinary shares Additional Total Class A Class B paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount capital deficit deficit Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value ) ) Net income Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) For the from period Feb 25, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 

Ordinary shares Additional Total Class A Class B paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount capital deficit deficit Balance, February 25, 2021 (inception) Issuance of Ordinary shares to initial shareholders Sale of PPM units including over-allotment Private Warrant Liability ) ) Forfeiture of issued shares of initial shareholders ) ) Accretion for Class A Ordinary shares to redemption value ) ) ) Net Income Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 NEWCOURT ACQUISITION CORP STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the period February 25, 2021 (inception) For the year ended through December 31, 2022 December 30, 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Interest income on investments held in Trust Account ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Offering costs allocated to warrant issuance Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other ) Due to related party Interest receivable ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Cash deposited to Trust Account ) Net cash used in investing activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from initial public offering, net of paid underwriters discount Proceeds from private placement Payment of offering costs ) Proceeds from issuance of Class B common shares to Sponsor Net cash flows used in financing activities NET CHANGE IN CASH ) CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH, END OF YEAR Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities: Initial classification of warrant liability Deferred underwriting commissions payable Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption value The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 NEWCOURT ACQUISITION CORP NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination ). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2022, relates to the Company s formation and Initial Public Offering IPO ), which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income earned on investments from the proceeds derived from the IPO. The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective on October 19, 2021. On October 22, 2021, the Company consummated the IPO of units Units with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered (the Public Shares at per Unit generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of units Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor and underwriters Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor ), and Cohen Company Capital Markets CCM ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Offering costs for the IPO and the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held in the Trust Account (defined below)) and of other costs. As described in Note 6, the of deferred underwriting fee payable is contingent upon the consummation of a Business Combination by April 22, 2023, from the closing of the IPO or for further period of by July 22, 2023, from the closing of the IPO, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional Units upon receiving notice of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option Over-allotment Units ), generating additional gross proceeds of and incurring additional offering costs of in underwriting fees all of which is deferred until completion of the Company s Business Combination. Simultaneously with the exercise of the over-allotment, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . Following the closing of the IPO and exercise of the over-allotment, per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account Trust Account and will be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 of the assets held in the Trust Account excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. The Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights with respect to the Company s warrants. All of the Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Company s Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ). In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial carrying value of Class A ordinary shares classified as temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. The Class A ordinary shares are subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. While redemptions cannot cause the Company s net tangible assets to fall below , the Public Shares are redeemable and are classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a redemption event takes place. Redemptions of the Company s Public Shares may be subject to the satisfaction of conditions, including minimum cash conditions, pursuant to an agreement relating to the Company s Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination, or such other vote as required by law or stock exchange rule. If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Certificate of Incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Certificate of Incorporation provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the IPO, without the prior consent of the Company. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. On January 6, 2023, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment (the Extension Amendment to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination for an initial three (3) months from January 22, 2023 to April 22, 2023 and up to three (3) times for an additional one (1) month each time from April 22, 2023 to July 22, 2023 (which is 21 months from the closing of our IPO). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by July 22, 2023, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay the Company s franchise and income taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Initial Shareholders have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Initial Shareholders should acquire Public Shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to its deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only per shares held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in its operating bank accounts, in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its Ordinary share in connection therewith and working capital deficit of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately and respectively of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income, which is available to pay the Company s tax obligations. Prior to the completion of the IPO, the Company lacked the liquidity it needed to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statement. The Company has since completed its IPO at which time capital in excess of the funds deposited in the Trust Account and/or used to fund offering expenses was released to the Company for general working capital purposes. Accordingly, management has since re-evaluated the Company s liquidity and financial condition and determined that sufficient capital exists to sustain operations for at least one year from the date that the financial statement was issued, and therefore substantial doubt has been alleviated. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 from the closing of the IPO or for further period of by July 22, 2023, from the closing of the IPO, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by the specified period. Also, in connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASU No. 2014-15 management has determined that if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs as well as complete a Business Combination by April 22, 2023, from the closing of the IPO or for further period of by July 22, 2023, from the closing of the IPO, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition as well as the date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held in the Trust Account (defined below)) and of other costs. and (including cash of ). At December 31, 2022 the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States of America. As such, the Company s tax provision was for the period presented. There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman Islands income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. shares of Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Class A ordinary share to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary share are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. At December 31, 2022, the Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption reflected in the balance sheet is reconciled in the following table: Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) Class A ordinary share issuance costs ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption as on December 31, 2021 Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption as on December 31, 2022 ordinary share at per share were issued on October 22, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Public Warrants or Private Placement Warrants have been exercised. The potential shares of Class A ordinary share for outstanding Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants to purchase the Company s stock were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and period ended December 31, 2021 because they are contingently 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value Net income including accretion of Class A Redeemable shares to redemption value Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income per share 

For the period February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 Basic and diluted net income per share: Class A Ordinary share Class B Ordinary share Numerator: Allocation of net income before accretion income Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value Net income including accretion of Class A Redeemable shares to redemption value Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income per share ). Although these Founder s Shares were purchased by the independent directors for value, under ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, these Founder s shares may be deemed stock-based compensation. The Company accounts for stock-based compensation expense in accordance with ASC 718, under which stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date and recognized over the requisite service period. To the extent a stock-based award is subject to a performance condition, the amount of expense recorded in a given period, if any, reflects an assessment of the probability of achieving such performance condition, with compensation recognized once 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 Founder Shares granted to certain independent directors by the Sponsor was or per share. The Company used a Monte Carlo Model simulation to arrive at the fair value of the stock compensation. The key assumptions in the option pricing model utilized are assumptions related to expected separation date of Units, anticipated business combination date, purchase price, share-price volatility, expected term, exercise date, risk-free interest rate and present value. The expected volatility as of the IPO closing date was derived based upon similar Special Purpose Acquisition Company SPAC warrants and technology exchange funds which with the Company s stated industry target and terms until the exercise date. The Company s Founder Shares sold to independent directors (see Note 5) was deemed within the scope of ASC 718 and are subject to a performance condition, namely the occurrence of a Business Combination. Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares transferred is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence, or more specifically when a Business Combination is consummated. Therefore, stock-based compensation expense has been recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. units (including units as part of the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option) at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share (such Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), and one -half a redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase three quarters of Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). Units (the Placement Units in a private placement transaction at a price of per Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of . The Placement Units were purchased by Cantor Units), CCM Units) and the Sponsor Units). Each whole Private Placement Unit will consist of Placement Share and one -half of a redeemable warrant Placement Warrant ). Each whole Placement Warrant will be exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units will be added to the proceeds from the Proposed Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placement Units and all underlying securities will be worthless. to fund certain obligations of the Company in consideration for Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares of the Company par value Class B ordinary shares for an aggregate price of . In September 2021, the Company effected a dividend of approximately shares for each Class B ordinary share outstanding, resulting in there being an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding. On October 19, 2021, the Company effected a dividend of approximately shares for each outstanding Class B ordinary share, resulting in there being an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in Note 6. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment, at any time. The initial 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters. Since the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option only in part, the Sponsor did forfeit Founder Shares. The Initial Shareholders will agree, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Related Party Loans On March 11, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Proposed Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). On June 21, 2021 the Note was increased to . This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2022, or the expiration of the 45-day over-allotment option. The Company had borrowings on the Note as of December 31, 2022. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of December 31, 2022, there were Working Capital Loans outstanding. Support Services The Company pays an affiliate of the Sponsor a fee of approximately per month following the consummation of the IPO for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and was incurred respectively. and remains unpaid as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively and is included on current liabilities in the balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2022, an aggregate of was paid to an entity related to the Chief Financial Officer for support services. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 option from the final prospectus relating to the IPO to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On October 22, 2021, the underwriters elected to partially exercise the over-allotment option purchasing units. The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of per unit net of reimbursements to the Company of to pay for outside advisors, or in the aggregate at the closing of the IPO. The underwriters have agreed to defer the cash underwriting discount of per share related to the over-allotment to be paid at Business Combination in the aggregate). In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commissions of per unit, or from the closing of the IPO. The total deferred fee is , consisting of the deferred portion and the cash discount agreed to be deferred until Business Combination. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely if the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were (excluding Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption) Class A Ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Class B Ordinary shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares outstanding after giving effect to the forfeiture of shares to the Company by the Sponsor for no consideration since the underwriters 45-day over-allotment option was not exercised in full. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of shareholders except as required by law. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination on a -for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Proposed Public Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination,the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, approximately of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 preference shares with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. For the period presented, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. Warrants The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) from the closing of the IPO. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: in whole and not in part;
 at a price of per warrant;
 upon not less than prior written notice of redemption;
 if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any trading days within a trading day period commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and
 if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants.
 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Proposed Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants are exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The exercise price and number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or the Company s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issues the additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities. warrants outstanding Public Warrants and Private Warrants). The following table presents information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value. 

Quoted Significant Significant Prices Other Other in Active Observable Unobservable December Markets Inputs Inputs Description 31, 2022 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets: Money Market Fund held in Trust Account Liabilities: Warrant Liability - Public Warrants Warrant Liability - Private Warrants 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 Liabilities: Warrant Liability - Public Warrants Warrant Liability - Private Warrants At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were warrants outstanding Public Warrants and Private Warrants). The Company utilizes a Black-Scholes simulation model to value the warrants at each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in the statement of operations. The estimated fair value of the warrant liability is determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a Black-Scholes pricing model are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary shares based on industry historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates to remain at zero. The following table provides quantitative information regarding Level 3 fair value measurements at December 31, 2022 and 2021: Exercise Price Term (years) Volatility Risk Free Rate Dividend Yield At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Public and Private Warrants was and December 31, 2021, the fair value of the Public Warrants was and Private Warrants was . The following table presents the changes in the fair value of Level 3 warrant liabilities: Change in fair value ) Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

Public Placement Warrants Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Change in fair value ) Fair value as of December 31, 2022 There were transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 per share, of Newcourt (the Newcourt Class B Stock ), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and upon the terms set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, will be converted into the right to receive common share of Psyence Biomed (each, a Psyence Biomed Common Share (the Per Share Merger Consideration ), and (ii) each Class A ordinary share, par value per share, of Newcourt (the Newcourt Class A Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (after giving effect to the completion and payment of any redemptions of Newcourt Class A Stock (the Redemption )), other than shares owned by Newcourt, Merger Sub, Psyence Biomed or any of their respective subsidiaries, by virtue of the Merger and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, will be converted into the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration. The aggregate number of Psyence Biomed Common Shares into which the Newcourt Class A Stock and Newcourt Class B Stock are converted into is the merger consideration (the Merger Consideration ). Before or upon the Closing, Psyence Biomed intends to transfer the shares of Good Psyence (Pty) Ltd (RF) (South Africa), Psyence Jamaica Ltd (Jamaica), Psyence Therapeutics Corp. (Ontario, Canada), Mind Health (Pty) Ltd (Lesotho), Psyence South Africa (Pty) Ltd (South Africa), and Pure Psyence Corp. (Canada) to an entity of the Psyence s choice. In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Transaction ), Newcourt and Psyence Biomed also intend to enter into Subscription Agreements with certain investors, prior to the consummation of the Transaction (the Closing ), to provide financing to Newcourt, Psyence Biomed or the Combined Company (the PIPE Investment ). Immediately prior to the consummation of the PIPE Investment, Psyence Biomed will effect a stock split, under which each Psyence Biomed Common Share that is issued and outstanding as of such time shall be split into a number of Psyence Biomed Common Shares determined by multiplying each such Psyence Biomed Common Share by a split factor, which is the quotient obtained by dividing the Per Share Psyence Biomed Value by . The Per Share Psyence Biomed Value is the quotient obtained by dividing by the total number of issued and outstanding Psyence Biomed Common Shares immediately prior to the stock split. Extension of time period On January 6, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the EGM for the purpose of considering and voting on the Charter Amendment and the Trust Agreement Amendment. The shareholders of the Company approved an amendment (the Charter Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination for an initial three (3) months from January 22, 2023 to April 22, 2023 and up to three ) times for an additional one (1) month each time from April 22, 2023 to July 22, 2023 (which is months from the closing of our IPO). Trust Agreement Amendment At the EGM, the shareholders of the Company also approved the amendment to the Company s investment management trust agreement, dated as of October 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (the Trust Agreement Amendment ). Pursuant to the Trust Agreement Amendment, the Company will deposit into the Company s trust account (the Trust Account ), (i) as soon as practicable after the effective date of the Trust Agreement Amendment, for the initial extension, the lesser of (a) and (b) for each Class A ordinary share outstanding after giving effect to the redemption, 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 extension, the lesser of (a) and (b) for each Class A ordinary share outstanding after giving effect to the redemption. Redemption of Shares in Trust Account In connection with the EGM held on January 6, 2023, shareholders holding ordinary shares (the public shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, approximately million (approximately per public share) has been removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders and approximately million remains in the Trust Account. Following redemptions, the Company has public shares outstanding. Issuance of unsecured Promissory note On January 17, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note ), in the amount of up to to Newcourt SPAC Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The Note bears no interest and the principal balance is payable on the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination (the Maturity Date ). At the Maturity Date, by providing written notice to the Company, the Sponsor may elect to convert any portion or all of the amount outstanding under the Note, up to a maximum of , into securities of the Company. Recent events relating to the disruption in the U.S. banking system In March 2023, the shut down of certain financial institutions raised economic concerns over disruption in the U.S. banking system. The U.S. government took certain actions to strengthen public confidence in the U.S. banking system. However, there can be no certainty that the actions taken by the U.S. government will be effective in mitigating the effects of financial institution failures on the economy and restoring public confidence in the U.S. banking system. Additional financial institution failures may occur in the near term that may limit access to short term liquidity or have adverse impacts to the economy. Given the uncertainty of the situation, the related financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 22, 2023 Newcourt Acquisition Corp By: /s/ Marc Balkin Name: Marc Balkin Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Position Date /s/ Marc Balkin Marc Balkin Directors and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 22, 2023 /s/ Daniel Rogers Chief Financial Officer March 22, 2023 Daniel Rogers (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Michal Jordaan Chairman of the Board of Directors March 22, 2023 Michael Jordaan /s/ Sirmran Aggarwal Director March 22, 2023 Sirmran Aggarwal /s/ Rohit Bodas Director March 22, 2023 Rohit Bodas /s/ Nicole Farb Director March 22, 2023 Nicole Farb 
 49 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 ncacu-20221231xex3d2.htm
 EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 Registrar of Companies Government Administration Building 133 Elgin Avenue George Town Grand Cayman Newcourt Acquisition Corp (ROC #372114) (the Company TAKE NOTICE that by minutes of the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company held on 6 January 2023, the following special resolution was passed: RESOLVED , as a special resolution, that the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company be amended by: (a) the deletion of the existing Article 49.7 and Article 49.8 in their entirety and the insertion of the following language in its place: (i) 49.7 The Company has until 15 months from the closing of the IPO to consummate a Business Combination, provided however that if the Directors anticipate that the Company may not be able to consummate a Business Combination within 15 months of the closing of the IPO, the Company may, at the request of the Sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to four (4) times, as follows: (i) one (1) time for an additional three (3) months from January 22, 2023 to April 22, 2023, followed by (ii) three (3) times for an additional one (1) month each time from April 22, 2023 to July 22, 2023 (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a Business Combination), subject to the Sponsor depositing additional funds into the Trust Account prior to the applicable deadline in accordance with terms as set out in the investment management trust agreement, dated as of October 19, 2021 (the Trust Agreement ), by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and referred to in the Registration Statement. In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by 15 months after the closing of the IPO or 21 months from the date of the closing of the IPO (subject in the latter case to valid extensions having been made in each case) or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles), the Company shall: (a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable and up to US 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (c) promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law. (ii) 49.8 In the event that any amendment is made to the Articles: (a) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or redeem 100 per cent of the Public Shares if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within 15 months after the closing 

 of the IPO or 21 months from the date of the closing of the IPO pursuant to Article 49.7 (subject in the latter case to valid extensions having been made in each case), in the event the Company has elected to extend the amount of time to complete a Business Combination for three months, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles; or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to Members rights or pre-Business Combination activity, each holder of Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon the approval or effectiveness of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. The Company s ability to provide such redemption in this Article is subject to the Redemption Limitation. /s/ Anganette McLaughlin Anganette McLaughlin Corporate Administrator for and on behalf of Maples Corporate Services Limited Dated this 19 th day of February 2023 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 ncacu-20221231xex4d5.htm
 EX-4.5

Exhibit 4.5 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED As of December 31, 2022, Newcourt Acquisition Corp. we, our, us or the Company had the following three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) its units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share (as defined below) and one-half of one redeemable warrant (as defined below), with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share (the units ), (ii) its Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share Class A ordinary shares ), and (iii) its public warrants, with each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share (the warrants ). Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our authorized capital stock consists of 111,000,000 shares of capital stock, including 100,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value and 10,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and our warrant agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of which this Exhibit 4.6 is a part. Defined terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. Units Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share exercisable at 11.50 per full share. Ordinary Shares Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Our initial shareholders and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our 

 initial business combination by July 22, 2023 (subject to valid extensions having been made pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Redeemable Warrants Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per full share, subject to adjustment as described below, at any time commencing 30 days after the first date on which the Company completes a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares. The warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination; provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement). No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

 The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to us and not placed in the trust account. We may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private warrants, and any outstanding representative s warrants, and any warrants underlying units issued to our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us), in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: At any time while the warrants are exercisable, Upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, If, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders. We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such ordinary shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our ordinary shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. The warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between AST, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

 Except as described above, no public warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless at the time a holder seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the ordinary shares have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the ordinary shares is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless. Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the ordinary shares outstanding. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants once the Units separate, and no cash will be payable in lieu thereof. As a result, you must exercise warrants in multiples of two warrants, at an exercise price of 11.50 per full share, subject to adjustment as described in this Report to validly exercise your warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-14.1>
 4
 ncacu-20221231xex14d1.htm
 EX-14.1

Exhibit 14.1 CODE OF ETHICS OF NEWCOURT ACQUISITION CORP 1. Introduction The Board of Directors (the Board of Newcourt Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company ), has adopted this code of ethics (this Code ), as may be amended from time to time by the Board and which is applicable to all of the Company s directors, officers and employees (to the extent that employees are hired in the future) to: promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; promote the full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as well as in other public communications made by or on behalf of the Company; promote compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; deter wrongdoing; and require prompt internal reporting of breaches of, and accountability for adherence to, this Code. This Code may be amended and modified by the Board. In this Code, references to the Company mean Newcourt Acquisition Corp and, in appropriate context, the Company s subsidiaries, if any. 2. Honest, Ethical and Fair Conduct Each person owes a duty to the Company to act with integrity. Integrity requires, among other things, being honest, fair and candid. Deceit, dishonesty and subordination of principle are inconsistent with integrity. Service to the Company should never be subordinated to personal gain and advantage. Each person must: act with integrity, including being honest and candid while still maintaining the confidentiality of the Company s information where required or when in the Company s interests;
 observe all applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations;
 comply with the requirements of applicable accounting and auditing standards, as well as Company policies, in order to maintain a high standard of accuracy and completeness in the Company s financial records and other business-related information and data;
 adhere to a high standard of business ethics and not seek competitive advantage through unlawful or unethical business practices;
 deal fairly with the Company s customers, suppliers, competitors and employees;
 refrain from taking advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or any other unfair-dealing practice;
 protect the assets of the Company and ensure their proper use;
 until the earliest of (i) the Company s initial business combination (as such is defined in the Company s initial registration statement filed with the SEC), (ii) liquidation, or (iii) such time as such person ceases to be an officer or director of the Company, to first present to the Company for its consideration, prior to presentation to any other entity, any business opportunity suitable for the Company and presented to such person solely in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the Company, subject to any other fiduciary or contractual obligations such officer may have; and
 avoid conflicts of interest, wherever possible, except as may be allowed under guidelines or resolutions approved by the Board (or the appropriate committee of the Board) or as disclosed in the Company s public filings with the SEC. Anything that would be a conflict for a person subject to this Code also will be a conflict for a member of his or her immediate family or any other close relative. Examples of conflict of interest situations include, but are not limited to, the following: 

any significant ownership interest in any supplier or customer; any consulting or employment relationship with any supplier or customer; the receipt of any money, non-nominal gifts or excessive entertainment from any entity with which the Company has current or prospective business dealings; selling anything to the Company or buying anything from the Company, except on the same terms and conditions as comparable officers or directors are permitted to so purchase or sell; any other financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the Company; and any other circumstance, event, relationship or situation in which the personal interest of a person subject to this Code interferes - or even appears to interfere - with the interests of the Company as a whole 3. Disclosure The Company strives to ensure that the contents of and the disclosures in the reports and documents that the Company files with the SEC and other public communications shall be full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable in accordance with applicable disclosure standards, including standards of materiality, where appropriate. Each person must: not knowingly misrepresent, or cause others to misrepresent, facts about the Company to others, whether within or outside the Company, including to the Company s independent registered public accountants, governmental regulators, self-regulating organizations and other governmental officials, as appropriate; and
 in relation to his or her area of responsibility, properly review and critically analyze proposed disclosure for accuracy and completeness.
 In addition to the foregoing, the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO of the Company and each subsidiary of the Company (or persons performing similar functions), and each other person that typically is involved in the financial reporting of the Company must familiarize himself or herself with the disclosure requirements applicable to the Company as well as the business and financial operations of the Company. Each person must promptly bring to the attention of the Chairman of the Board any information he or she may have concerning (a) significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal and/or disclosure controls that could adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data or (b) any fraud that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s financial reporting, disclosures or internal controls. 4. Compliance It is the Company s obligation and policy to comply with all applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. All directors, officers and employees of the Company are expected to understand, respect and comply with all of the laws, regulations, policies and procedures that apply to them in their positions with the Company. Employees are responsible for talking to their supervisors to determine which laws, regulations and Company policies apply to their position and what training is necessary to understand and comply with them. Directors, officers and employees are directed to specific policies and procedures available to persons they supervise. 5. Reporting and Accountability The Board is responsible for applying this Code to specific situations in which questions are presented to it and has the authority to interpret this Code in any particular situation. Any person who becomes aware of any existing or potential breach of this Code is required to notify the Chairman of the Board promptly. Failure to do so is, in and of itself, a breach of this Code. 

 Specifically, each person must: Notify the Chairman of the Board promptly of any existing or potential violation of this Code. Not retaliate against any other person for reports of potential violations that are made in good faith. The Company will follow the following procedures in investigating and enforcing this Code and in reporting on the Code: The Board will take all appropriate action to investigate any breaches reported to it.
 Upon determination by the Board that a breach has occurred, the Board (by majority decision) will take or authorize such disciplinary or preventive action as it deems appropriate, after consultation with the Company s internal or external legal counsel, up to and including dismissal or, in the event of criminal or other serious violations of law, notification of the SEC or other appropriate law enforcement authorities.
 No person following the above procedure shall, as a result of following such procedure, be subject by the Company or any officer or employee thereof to discharge, demotion suspension, threat, harassment or in any manner, discrimination against such person in terms and conditions of employment. 6. Waivers and Amendments Any waiver (defined below) or an implicit waiver (defined below) from a provision of this Code for the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions or any amendment (as defined below) to this Code is required to be disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8- K filed with the SEC. In lieu of filing a Current Report on Form 8-K to report any such waivers or amendments, the Company may provide such information on a website, in the event that it establishes one in the future, and if it keeps such information on the website for at least 12 months and discloses the website address as well as any intention to provide such disclosures in this manner in its most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. A waiver means the approval by the Board of a material departure from a provision of the Code. An implicit waiver means the Company s failure to take action within a reasonable period of time regarding a material departure from a provision of the Code that has been made known to an executive officer of the Company. An amendment means any amendment to this Code other than minor technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments hereto. All persons should note that it is not the Company s intention to grant or to permit waivers from the requirements of this Code. The Company expects full compliance with this Code. 7. Insider Information and Securities Trading The Company s directors, officers or employees who have access to material, non-public information are not permitted to use that information for securities trading purposes or for any purpose unrelated to the Company s business. It is also against the law to trade or to tip others who might make an investment decision based on inside company information. For example, using non-public information to buy or sell the Company securities, options in the Company shares or the shares of any Company supplier, customer or competitor is prohibited. The consequences of insider trading violations can be severe. These rules also apply to the use of material, nonpublic information about other companies (including, for example, the Company s customers, competitors and potential business partners). In addition to directors, officers or employees, these rules apply to such person s spouse, children, parents and siblings, as well as any other family members living in such person s home. 8. Financial Statements and Other Records All of the Company s books, records, accounts and financial statements must be maintained in reasonable detail, must appropriately reflect the Company s transactions and must both conform to applicable legal 

 requirements and to the Company s system of internal controls. Unrecorded or off the books funds or assets should not be maintained unless permitted by applicable law or regulation. Records should always be retained or destroyed according to the Company s record retention policies. In accordance with those policies, in the event of litigation or governmental investigation, please consult the Board or the Company s internal or external legal counsel. 9. Improper Influence on Conduct of Audits No director or officer, or any other person acting under the direction thereof, shall directly or indirectly take any action to coerce, manipulate, mislead or fraudulently influence any public or certified public accountant engaged in the performance of an audit or review of the financial statements of the Company or take any action that such person knows or should know that if successful could result in rendering the Company s financial statements materially misleading. Any person who believes such improper influence is being exerted should report such action to such person s supervisor, or if that is impractical under the circumstances, to any of the Company s directors. Types of conduct that could constitute improper influence include, but are not limited to, directly or indirectly: offering or paying bribes or other financial incentives, including future employment or contracts for non-audit services;
 providing an auditor with an inaccurate or misleading legal analysis;
 threatening to cancel or canceling existing non-audit or audit engagements if the auditor objects to the Company s accounting;
 seeking to have a partner removed from the audit engagement because the partner objects to the Company s accounting;
 blackmailing; and
 making physical threats.
 10. Anti-Corruption Laws The Company complies with the anti-corruption laws of the countries in which it does business, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ). Directors, officers and employees will not directly or indirectly give anything of value to government officials, including employees of state-owned enterprises or foreign political candidates. These requirements apply both to Company employees and agents, such as third party sales representatives, no matter where they are doing business. If you are authorized to engage agents, you are responsible for ensuring they are reputable and for obtaining a written agreement to uphold the Company s standards in this area. 11. Violations Violation of this Code is grounds for disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment. Such action is in addition to any civil or criminal liability which might be imposed by any court or regulatory agency. 12. Other Policies and Procedures Any other policy or procedure set out by the Company in writing or made generally known to employees, officers or directors of the Company prior to the date hereof or hereafter are separate requirements and remain in full force and effect. 13. Inquiries All inquiries and questions in relation to this Code or its applicability to particular people or situations should be addressed to the Company s Secretary, or such other compliance officer as shall be designated from time to time by the Company. 

 PROVISIONS FOR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND SENIOR FINANCIAL OFFICERS The CEO and all senior financial officers, including the CFO and principal accounting officer, are bound by the provisions set forth therein relating to ethical conduct, conflicts of interest, and compliance with law. In addition to the Code, the CEO and senior financial officers are subject to the following additional specific policies: 1. Act with honesty and integrity, avoiding actual or apparent conflicts between personal, private interests and the interests of the Company, including receiving improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 2. Disclose to the CEO and the Board any material transaction or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest. 3. Perform responsibilities with a view to causing periodic reports and documents filed with or submitted to the SEC and all other public communications made by the Company to contain information that is accurate, complete, fair, objective, relevant, timely and understandable, including full review of all annual and quarterly reports. 4. Comply with laws applicable to the Company, including but not limited to rules and regulations of U.S. federal, state and other local governments and with the rules and regulations of private and public regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over the Company. 5. Act in good faith, responsibly, with due care, competence and diligence, without misrepresenting or omitting material facts or allowing independent judgment to be compromised or subordinated. 6. Respect the confidentiality of information acquired in the course of performance of his or her responsibilities except when authorized or otherwise legally obligated to disclose any such information; not use confidential information acquired in the course of performing his or her responsibilities for personal advantage. 7. Share knowledge and maintain skills important and relevant to the needs of the Company, its shareholders and other constituencies and the general public. 8. Proactively promote ethical behavior among subordinates and peers in his or her work environment and community. 9. Use and control all corporate assets and resources employed by or entrusted to him or her in a responsible manner. 10. Not use corporate information, corporate assets, corporate opportunities or his or her position with the Company for personal gain; not compete directly or indirectly with the Company. 11. Comply in all respects with this Code. 12. Advance the Company s legitimate interests when the opportunity arises. The Board will investigate any reported violations and will oversee an appropriate response, including corrective action and preventative measures. Any officer who violates this Code will face appropriate, case specific disciplinary action, which may include demotion or discharge. Any request for a waiver of any provision of this Code must be in writing and addressed to the Chairman of the Board. Any waiver of this Code will be disclosed as provided in Section 6 of this Code. 

 It is the policy of the Company that each officer covered by this Code shall acknowledge and certify to the foregoing annually and file a copy of such certification with the Chairman of the Board. OFFICER S CERTIFICATION I have read and understand the foregoing Code. I hereby certify that I am in compliance with the foregoing Code and I will comply with the Code in the future. I understand that any violation of the Code will subject me to appropriate disciplinary action, which may include demotion or discharge. Dated: Name: Title: 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ncacu-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Marc Balkin, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Newcourt Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 22, 2023 By: /s/ Marc Balkin Marc Balkin Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ncacu-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Daniel Rogers, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Newcourt Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 22, 2023 By: /s/ Daniel Rogers Daniel Rogers Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ncacu-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Newcourt Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Marc Balkin, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 
 Date: March 22, 2023 By: /s/ Marc Balkin Marc Balkin Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ncacu-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Newcourt Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Daniel Rogers, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 
 Date: March 22, 2023 By: /s/ Daniel Rogers Daniel Rogers Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ncacu-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ncacu-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ncacu-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ncacu-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

