<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1830029_0001564590-23-004568.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7532702</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>416485</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1068111</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2605322</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1224072</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2090768</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-23-004568.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328173103
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-23-004568
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001830029
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				853477678
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39872
		FILM NUMBER:		23770800

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		33RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(917) 392-4707

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		33RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-23-004568.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 adex-10k_20221231.htm
 10-K

adex-10k_20221231.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading 
 Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issues its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the Registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was million. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding as of March 27, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 None. 

ADIT EDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 
 FORM 10-K 
 Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 6 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 20 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 42 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 42 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 42 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 42 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 43 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 43 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 44 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 50 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 50 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 50 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 50 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 51 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections . 
 
 51 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 52 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 60 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 61 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 62 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 64 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 65 

Item 16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

2 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to complete our previously announced merger (the Merger with Griid Holdco LLC GRIID ), or, if we do not consummate the Merger, any other business combination 

the benefits of the Merger 

the future financial performance of the combined company 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees, directors or industry advisors following the Merger 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance or 

our financial performance following the Merger. 

 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the caption Item 1A - Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 
 3 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section captioned Item 1B. - Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that represent challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in such section alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may adversely affect our ability to effect a business combination, and may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

Our sponsor, Adit EdTech Sponsor, LLC (our Sponsor ), certain members of our board of directors and our officers have interests in the Merger that are different from or are in addition to other stockholders. 

After completion of the Merger, we may be controlled by former GRIID equity holders, whose interests may conflict with our interests and the interests of other stockholders. 

Because of the redemptions that were effected in connection with the approval of an extension of the deadline by which we must consummate an initial business combination (such deadline, the extension date and such approval, the extension approval ), we no longer satisfied the continued listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), which required us to transfer our listing to the NYSE American LLC NYSE American ). There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of the NYSE American, or any other securities exchange. 

We have no operating history and are subject to a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement. If we are unable to effect an initial business combination by the applicable extension date, we will be forced to liquidate and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The restatement of our financial statements has subjected us to additional risks and uncertainties, including increased professional costs and the increased possibility of legal proceedings. 

If we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which would make it difficult for us to complete the Merger. 

Redemptions of shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share common stock sold in our initial public offering IPO and such shares, IPO Shares may subject us to excise tax obligations. 

The exercise of discretion by our directors and officers in agreeing to changes to the terms of or waivers of closing conditions in the Merger Agreement (as defined below) may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether such changes to the terms of the Merger Agreement or waivers of conditions are appropriate and in the best interests of our stockholders. 

Subsequent to our completion of the Merger, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination even though holders of our IPO Shares elected to redeem a substantial majority of our IPO Shares in connection with the extension meeting. 

If a group of stockholders is deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our common stock, such group will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our common stock. 

4 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. This could also increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to have the public stockholders stock redeemed. 

Public stockholders will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. In order for public stockholders to liquidate their investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your IPO Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our stockholders will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our IPO Shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the funds not being held in trust are insufficient to allow us to operate until our business combination deadline from the closing of our initial public offering, we may be unable to complete a business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. 

Certain members of our management team are now, and any of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

We may redeem unexpired warrants sold in our IPO IPO warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to the holder thereof. 

Our outstanding warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our business combination. 

The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (the amended and restated certificate of incorporation ), may be amended with the approval of holders of a majority of our common stock. 

We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Past performance by Adit Ventures, LLC Adit may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

5 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Business Overview 
 Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp. we , us , our or the Company is a blank check company incorporated in Delaware for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K as an initial business combination . Our Sponsor is an affiliate of Adit, an investment adviser whose principals have combined investment experience of over 150 years and a track record of value creation in portfolio companies operating in the public markets. 
 On January 14, 2021, we completed our IPO of 24,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (our common stock ), and one-half of one redeemable IPO warrant, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, pursuant to our registration statements on Form S-1 (File Nos. 333-251641 and 333-252021). The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 240,000,000. 
 On January 14, 2021, simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, we completed a private placement (the private placement of an aggregate of 6,550,000 warrants (such warrants, the private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 6,550,000. 
 A total of 240,000,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the private placement was deposited in a trust account (the trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders. 
 On January 19, 2021, pursuant to an exercise in full of the underwriters over-allotment option, the underwriters purchased an additional 3,600,000 units at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 36,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the sale of additional units, we sold an additional 720,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 720,000. As of January 19, 2021, an aggregate amount of 276,000,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO (including the additional 3,600,000 units and additional 720,000 private placement warrants) were deposited in our trust account. 
 On December 23, 2022, we held a special meeting of our stockholders (the extension meeting ), at which our stockholders approved a proposal to extend the extension date up to six times at the election of the board of directors for an additional one month each time for a maximum of six one-month extensions. We provided holders of IPO Shares with the ability to redeem such IPO Shares in connection with the extension meeting. Stockholders holding 25,132,578 IPO Shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds then on deposit in the trust account for approximately 253.6 million (approximately 10.09 per share). As of December 31, 2022 there is currently approximately 25 million held in the trust account and 0.1 million in cash held outside of the trust account available for working capital . 
 Proposed Merger with GRIID 
 On November 29, 2021, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger with ADEX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and our wholly owned direct subsidiary Merger Sub ), and GRIID , which was amended by the first amendment to the Merger Agreement, dated December 23, 2021, the second amendment to the Merger Agreement, dated October 17, 2022 and the third amendment to the Merger Agreement, dated February 8, 2023 (such agreement, as amended, the Merger Agreement . The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into GRIID, the separate limited liability company existence of Merger Sub will cease and GRIID, as the surviving company of the Merger, will continue its existence under the Limited Liability Company Act of the State of Delaware as a wholly owned subsidiary of ADEX. The Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were unanimously approved by the board of directors of ADEX and the board of managers of GRIID. 
 
 6 
 
 Consideration and Structure 
 At the closing of the Merger (the Closing ), the limited liability company membership interests of Merger Sub will be converted into an equivalent limited liability company membership interest in GRIID and each limited liability company membership unit of GRIID that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will automatically be converted into and become the right to receive such unit s proportionate share, as determined in accordance with the Merger Agreement, of 58,500,000 shares of our common stock. 
 Representations, Warranties and Covenants 
 The parties to the Merger Agreement have agreed to customary representations and warranties for transactions of this type. In addition, the parties to the Merger Agreement agreed to be bound by certain customary covenants for transactions of this type, including, among others, covenants with respect to our conduct and the conduct of GRIID and each of our respective subsidiaries during the period between execution of the Merger Agreement and Closing, and restrictions on GRIID s and our ability to solicit or enter into agreements with respect to any alternative transactions to the Merger. The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants of the parties set forth in the Merger Agreement will terminate at Closing, except for those covenants and agreements that, by their terms, contemplate performance after Closing. Each of the parties to the Merger Agreement has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to take or cause to be taken all actions and things reasonably necessary or advisable to consummate and make effective, as promptly as reasonably practicable, the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 
 Conditions to Closing 
 Under the Merger Agreement, the obligations of the parties to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions, including, without limitation: (i) the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and transactions contemplated thereby by requisite vote of our stockholders (the ADEX Stockholder Approval (ii) the approval of the Merger Agreement and transactions contemplated thereby by the written consent of GRIID members that hold at least the requisite number of issued and outstanding units of GRIID (the GRIID Written Consent (iii) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (iv) the absence of any law or order prohibiting the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (v) in the case of GRIID, the absence of an Acquiror Material Adverse Effect or Acquiror Impairment Effect (each, as defined in the Merger Agreement), and in our case, the absence of a Company Material Adverse Effect or Company Impairment Effect (each, as defined in the Merger Agreement) since the date of the Merger Agreement that, in the case of an Acquiror Impairment Effect or Company Impairment Effect, is continuing (vi) after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, we have net tangible assets NTA of at least 5,000,001 upon consummation of the Merger (vii) our listing application with the NYSE American (or such other stock exchange on which our shares are listed as of such time) in connection with the Merger has been approved and, immediately following the effective time of the Merger, we will satisfy any applicable initial and continuing listing requirements of NYSE American (or such other stock exchange on which our shares are listed as of such time) , and we have not received any notice of non-compliance therewith that has not been cured or would not be cured at or immediately following the effective time, and the shares of common stock have been approved for listing on NYSE American (viii) the accuracy of the other party s representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement, subject to customary materiality and material adverse effect standards (ix) the other party s compliance in all material respects with its covenants set forth in the Merger Agreement and (x) the Registration Statement on Form S-4 related to the shares of our common stock to be issued in connection with the Merger (the S-4 Registration Statement has become effective, no stop order has been issued by the SEC and remains in effect with respect to the S-4 Registration Statement, and no proceeding seeking such a stop order has been threatened or initiated by the SEC and remains pending. We intend to solicit at a special meeting of stockholders votes to approve a proposal to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to remove the requirement in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that we have at least 5,000,001 of NTA to effect any redemptions. The parties to the Merger Agreement intend to amend the Merger Agreement prior to Closing to remove the condition that we have at least 5,000,001 of NTA remaining after our stockholders have exercised their right to redeem their shares in connection with the Closing. 
 
 7 
 
 Termination 
 The Merger Agreement includes a remedy of specific performance for the parties. The Merger Agreement may be terminated under certain customary circumstances at any time prior to the Closing, including, (i) by mutual written consent of GRIID and us (ii) by us or GRIID, if (a) the other party has breached any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements in the Merger Agreement and such breach has caused the failure of the closing condition related to the accuracy of such other party s representations and warranties or such other party s compliance with its covenants (subject to a cure period), (b) any governmental entity has issued a final, non-appealable order or taken any other action permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (c) our stockholder meeting to vote on the Merger has been held and the ADEX Stockholder Approval has not been obtained or (d) the GRIID Written Consent has not been obtained in the time period set forth in the Merger Agreement or (iii) by us if the Closing has not occurred on or before January 14, 2023 (the termination date provided, that the right to terminate the Merger Agreement under this section will not be available to us, if any breach by us of our covenants or obligations under the Merger Agreement proximately caused the failure to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement on or before the termination date, or if any proceeding for specific performance to compel the closing is pending as of the termination date provided, that the termination date may be extended for successive 90 day periods by us in our sole discretion . 
 If the Merger Agreement is validly terminated, none of the parties to the Merger Agreement will have any liability or any further obligation under the Merger Agreement other than customary confidentiality obligations, except in the case of Willful Breach or Fraud (each, as defined in the Merger Agreement). 
 Other Agreements 
 The Merger Agreement contemplates the execution of various additional agreements and instruments, on or before the Closing, including, among others, the following: 
 Voting Agreement 
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, we entered into a Voting Agreement with Griid Holdings LLC (the Voting Agreement covering approximately 64.0 of GRIID s membership units. The Voting Agreement requires, among other things, that Griid Holdings LLC vote all of its membership units of GRIID in favor of, or execute written consents to approve, upon effectiveness of the S-4 Registration Statement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and against alternative transactions. 
 Investor Rights Agreement 
 In connection with the Closing, we, our initial stockholders and certain GRIID members will enter into an investor rights agreement (the Investor Rights Agreement to provide for certain registration rights related to shares of our common stock and private placement warrants held by such parties. We have agreed to, among other things, file within 30 days of Closing a resale shelf registration statement covering the resale of all securities registrable under the Investor Rights Agreement. 
 Copies of the Merger Agreement the first, second and third amendments to the Merger Agreement the Voting Agreement and the form of Investor Rights Agreement are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibits 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference, and the foregoing descriptions of such agreements and the Merger do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference thereto. 
 The Merger Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that the parties made to each other as of the date of the Merger Agreement or other specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties and covenants were made for purposes of the contract among the parties and are subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by the parties in connection with negotiating the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement is being filed to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the parties to the Merger Agreement and neither the copy of the Merger 
 
 8 
 
 Agreement filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report nor the description of the Merger Agreement above is intended to modify or supplement any factual disclosures about us contained in our other public reports filed with the SEC. In particular, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in the Merger Agreement, which were made only for purposes of the Merger Agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties (including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Merger Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts) and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors, security holders and reports and documents filed with the SEC. Investors and security holders are not third-party beneficiaries under the Merger Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements, or any descriptions thereof, as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of any party to the Merger Agreement. In addition, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements and other terms of the Merger Agreement may be subject to subsequent waiver or modification. 
 
 Acquisition Criteria 
 Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines which we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire one or more businesses that we believe: 

are fundamentally sound and that we believe are underperforming their potential 

are in a position to utilize our management team s global network of contacts, which can provide access to differentiated deal flow and significant deal-sourcing capabilities following a business combination 

are at an inflection point, such as requiring additional management expertise or new operational techniques to drive improved financial performance 

exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics, desirable returns on capital and a need for capital to achieve the company s growth strategy, that we believe have been misevaluated by the marketplace based on our analysis and due diligence review 

will offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our stockholders the potential upside from growth in the target business and an improved capital structure will be weighed against any identified downside risks and 

have been materially impacted by possible market dislocations or that have new market opportunities and would benefit from capital markets access. 

 These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this annual report on Form 10-K, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC. 
 Initial Business Combination 
 The NYSE American rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the trust account at the time of our signing a 
 
 9 
 
 definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on the NYSE American , these rules will not be applicable to us. 
 We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we expect to only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the NYSE American s 80 fair market value test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 
 Our Sponsor 
 Our Sponsor is a special purpose vehicle affiliated with Adit. Our Sponsor is majority-owned by an affiliate of Adit and our management team. Adit, which was founded in 2014, is a New York-based investment adviser with a fundamental approach to investing primarily in late-stage growth capital investments in top performing pre-IPO companies. Adit seeks to produce superior risk-adjusted returns by employing a disciplined, fundamentally based, value-driven, thematic portfolio construction. Adit s management team invests in every deal on the same terms as its investors. 
 The following characteristics summarize Adit s investment portfolio: 

market-leading companies with proven management, backed by top-tier venture capital investors, with strong cash flows and profitability 

dynamic and sustainable businesses with large addressable markets, scalable revenue models, and strong management teams with proper governance, positive environmental and sustainability record and 

diversified across industry, geography and economic sectors. 

 Adit s investment team conducts substantial business, financial and legal due diligence on every investment opportunity. We believe Adit s platform will provide us with key advantages, including (i) extensive research capabilities and industry expertise, (ii) deal flow from institutional client relationships, banks, brokers and other intermediaries, (iii) a strong network of proven operators, executives, board members and industry advisors with expertise across various industries, (iv) an ability to attract talented investment professionals and advisors, and (v) significant experience in positioning companies for success in the public equity markets through a focus on operational value creation implemented according to specific, executable plans, along with enhanced corporate governance. Additionally, we believe that Adit s reputation with institutional equity investors will ensure that investors consider the pro-forma impact of a business combination and the value creation plan that we intend to implement. 
 
 10 
 
 Other Interests 
 Our management team are not required to commit any specific amount of time to our affairs, but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. Accordingly, our founders and management team may have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 
 We believe our Sponsor s, management team s and their affiliates operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Our Sponsor and management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our Sponsor s and management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our Sponsor in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. 
 We also may engage Adit, or another affiliate of our Sponsor, as our lead financial advisor in connection with our initial business combination and may pay such affiliate a customary financial advisory fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard financial advisory fee for comparable transactions. 
 Lack of Business Diversification 
 For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 
 Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors or industry advisors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 
 We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 
 
 11 
 
 Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 
 Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 
 We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest will be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding IPO Shares , subject to the limitations described herein. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the representative of the underwriters. Our Sponsor, directors and officers have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to the founder shares and any IPO Shares they may acquire after the IPO in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 
 Manner of Conducting Redemptions 
 We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. 
 If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

 Upon the public announcement of our business combination, we or our initial stockholders will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our IPO Shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 
 In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, we will not redeem any IPO Shares unless our NTA will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 
 
 12 
 
 If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

 In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 
 If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the then outstanding shares of common stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting to approve the initial business combination are voted in favor of the business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its IPO Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our Sponsor, directors and officers have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to the shares of common stock they hold in connection with the completion of a business combination. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our IPO Shares unless our NTA are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 
 However, in connection with our proposed business combination with GRIID, we expect to seek stockholder approval to remove from our current amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior to the Closing (i) the limitation on our ability to redeem or repurchase IPO Shares in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination to the extent such redemption would result in our failure to have NTA in excess of 5 million after payment of the deferred underwriting commission (the redemption limitation), and (ii) the limitation that we shall consummate an initial business combination following stockholder approval thereof only if the redemption limitation is not exceeded. 
 Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if We Seek Stockholder Approval 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to any excess shares (such shares, Excess Shares ). We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our Sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares issued in the IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business 
 
 13 
 
 combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 
 Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights 
 In connection with any stockholder meeting to approve an initial business combination, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials mailed to such holders. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our proxy materials until the date set forth in such proxy materials to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their IPO Shares . 
 There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker such nominal amount and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 
 The foregoing is different from the procedures used historically by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved. 
 Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials. Furthermore, if a holder of an IPO Share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our IPO Shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 
 If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 
 If our initial proposed initial business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until the applicable extension deadline . 
 
 14 
 
 Redemption of IPO Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business Combination 
 On December 23, 2022, we held the extension meeting, at which our stockholders approved a proposal to extend the date by which we must complete an initial business combination up to six times at the election of our board of directors for an additional one month each time for a maximum of six one-month extensions. We provided holders of IPO Shares with the ability to redeem such IPO Shares in connection with the extension meeting. Stockholders holding 25,132,578 IPO Shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds then on deposit in the trust account for approximately 253.6 million (approximately 10.09 per share), leaving approximately 25.0 million in the trust account as of December 31, 2022. 
 We will have until the applicable extension date, the latest of which is July 14, 2023 if our board of directors approves all six one-month extensions allowed under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination by the applicable extension date (and our stockholders have not amended our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend this time period), we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the IPO Shares , at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding IPO Shares , which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our business combination by the applicable extension date . 
 Our Sponsor, directors and officers have entered into letter agreements with us pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the applicable extension date . However, if they acquire IPO Shares after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such IPO Shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the applicable extension date . 
 Our Sponsor, directors and officers have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation or to redeem 100 of our IPO Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the applicable extension date or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations divided by the number of then outstanding IPO Shares . However, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation , we may not redeem our IPO Shares unless our NTA are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of a business combination. 
 We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. 
 However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay our tax obligations, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 
 
 15 
 
 If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the p rivate p lacement w arrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 
 Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. 
 In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a definitive agreement for a business combination, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per IPO Share or (ii) such lesser amount per IPO Share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations and up to 100,000 for liquidation expenses, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account (even if such waiver is deemed to be unenforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy this indemnity obligation nor have we asked it to reserve for such eventuality and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we believe it is unlikely that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per IPO Share . In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of the shares of common stock held by our public stockholders . None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per IPO Share or (ii) such lesser amount per IPO Share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations and up to 100,000 for liquidation expenses, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligation or that it has no indemnification obligation related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligation. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligation to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the 
 
 16 
 
 independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per IPO Share . 
 We will seek to reduce the possibility that our Sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors and the underwriters in the IPO), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 
 Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our IPO Shares in the event we do not complete our business combination by the applicable extension date may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 
 Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our IPO Shares in the event we do not complete our business combination by the applicable extension date , is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our business combination by the applicable extension date , we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the IPO Shares , at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding IPO Shares , which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our IPO Shares as soon as reasonably possible after the applicable extension date, and therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 
 Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors and the underwriters in the IPO), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our 
 
 17 
 
 S ponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per IPO Share or (ii) such lesser amount per IPO Share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay our tax obligations and up to 100,000 for liquidation expenses, and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our S ponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 
 If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 
 Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of the redemption of our IPO Shares if we do not complete our business combination by the applicable extension date or if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 
 Additional Information Regarding Our Proposed Initial Business Combination 
 We have filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC, which includes a proxy statement and a prospectus, and we will file other documents regarding the Merger. The definitive proxy statement/prospectus will also be sent to our stockholders and GRIID s members, seeking any required stockholder approvals. We urge you to carefully read the entire registration statement and proxy statement/prospectus and any other relevant documents filed with the SEC, including any amendments or supplements to these documents, because they contain important information about the proposed transactions, including detailed descriptions of the Merger and a discussion of historical information and risks relating to the Merger. The documents filed by us with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . Other than as specifically discussed, this report does not assume the closing of the Merger described above. 
 Employees 
 We currently have three executive officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 
 Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 
 We registered our units, common stock and IPO Warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 
 
 18 
 
 We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP or International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS , depending on the circumstances. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 
 We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act . As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th and (ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th and our annual revenues exceeds 100 million during such completed fiscal year or (2) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. 

19 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Ownership of our securities involves a high degree of risk. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline and a holder of our securities could lose all or part of its investment. This report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks described below. 
 Risks Related to the Merger 
 We may not be able to complete the Merger pursuant to the Merger Agreement. If we are unable to do so, we will incur substantial costs associated with withdrawing from the transaction and may not be able to find additional sources of financing to cover those costs. 
 In connection with the Merger, we have incurred substantial costs researching, planning and negotiating the transaction. These costs include, but are not limited to, costs associated with employing and retaining third-party advisors who performed the financial, auditing and legal services required to complete the transaction and the expenses generated by our officers, executives, managers and employees in connection with the transaction. If, for whatever reason, the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement fail to close, we will be responsible for these costs, but will have no source of revenue with which to pay them. We may need to obtain additional sources of financing in order to meet our obligations, which we may not be able secure on the same terms as our existing financing or at all. If we are unable to secure new sources of financing and do not have sufficient funds to meet our obligations, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. 
 If the Merger fails, it may be difficult to complete a business combination with a new prospective business, negotiate and agree to a new business combination, and/or arrange for new sources of financing by the applicable extension date , in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our IPO Shares and liquidate. 
 Finding, researching, analyzing and negotiating with GRIID took a substantial amount of time and effort, and if the Merger fails for any reason, we may not be able to find, research, negotiate and agree to terms with, and/or arrange for new sources of financing for a business combination with, a new prospective business by the applicable extension date , in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our IPO Shares and liquidate. 
 Risks Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 
 Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 
 We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless such business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons. Except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion. If we decide to allow stockholders to their shares to us in a tender offer, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our IPO Shares do not approve of the business combination. 
 The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential target businesses, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 
 We may seek to enter into a definitive agreement with a prospective target business that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, 
 
 20 
 
 we may not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we may not redeem our IPO Shares unless our NTA are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of such business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our NTA to be less than 5,000,001 or will result in us not being able to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a definitive agreement with us. 
 Because a substantial number of holders of IPO Shares have already elected to redeem their IPO Shares, it may not be possible for us to complete a business combination. 
 In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption would exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us or cause us to have NTA below 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of an initial business combination, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. If we are not able to complete the Merger or another initial business combination by the applicable extension date, the latest of which is July 14, 2023 if our board of directors approves all six one-month extensions allowed under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we will cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, redeeming the IPO Shares and liquidating the trust account, in which case our warrants will expire worthless. However, we intend to solicit at a special meeting of stockholders votes to approve a proposal to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to remove the requirement in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that we have at least 5,000,001 of NTA to effect any redemptions. 
 The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to have the public stockholders stock redeemed. 
 If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would not be consummated is increased. If our initial business combination is not consummated, our public stockholders would not receive their pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If our public stockholders are in need of immediate liquidity, they could attempt to sell their stock in the open market however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, our public stockholders may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or our public stockholders are able to sell their stock in the open market. 
 The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by the applicable extension date may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 
 Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by the applicable extension date . Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. 
 
 21 
 
 We may not be able to complete our initial business combination by the applicable extension date , in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our IPO Shares and liquidate. As a result, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 We must complete our initial business combination by the applicable extension date . We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period and have not increased the time available to us by amending our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the IPO Shares , at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding IPO Shares , which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our common stock. 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase IPO Shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such public stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our initial stockholders, Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates purchase IPO Shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling public stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases would be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of our initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirements would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 
 In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 
 If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our IPO Shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 
 We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our IPO Shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem IPO Shares . For example, in connection with any 
 
 22 
 
 stockholder vote to approve a business combination, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 
 Public stockholders will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. In order for public stockholders to liquidate their investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your IPO Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein (ii) the redemption of any IPO Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation or to redeem 100 of our IPO Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the applicable extension date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of our IPO Shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by the applicable extension date as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your IPO Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 Our stockholders will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 
 Since the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the U.S. securities laws. However, because we have NTA in excess of 5,000,000, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419 under the Securities Act . Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, offerings subject to Rule 419 would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of our initial business combination. 
 Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our IPO Shares , or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there will be numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or possibly less than 10.00 per share, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 
 23 
 
 If the funds not being held in trust are insufficient to allow us to operate until the applicable extension date , we may be unable to complete a business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds that may be made available to us by our Sponsor, members of our management team and their affiliates through loans, will be sufficient to allow us to operate through the applicable extension date , assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. However, we cannot assure you that our estimates will be accurate. Accordingly, if we use all of the funds held outside of the trust account, we may not have sufficient funds available with which to structure, negotiate or close an initial business combination. In such event, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, officers or directors or their affiliates to operate or may be forced to liquidate. 
 Neither our Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or possibly less than 10.00 per share, on our redemption of our IPO Shares and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 
 Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. 
 If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 
 Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 
 
 24 
 
 Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Upon redemption of our IPO Shares , if we are unable to complete our business combination within the prescribed timeframe, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our S ponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a definitive agreement for a business combination, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per IPO Share or (ii) such lesser amount per IPO Share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations and up to 100,000 for liquidation expenses, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account (even if such waiver is deemed to be unenforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether our S ponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligation and its only assets are expected to be our securities. As a result, we think it is unlikely that our S ponsor would be able to satisfy any indemnification obligation if it arises. In such event, you may receive less than 10.00 per share in connection with any redemption of your IPO Shares . None of our directors or officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligation of our Sponsor resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. 
 In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per IPO Share or (ii) such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations and up to 100,000 for liquidation expenses, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligation or that it has no indemnification obligation related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligation. 
 While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligation to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce this indemnification obligation, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 
 If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. 
 If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 
 
 25 
 
 If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 
 Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our IPO Shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by the applicable extension deadline may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our IPO Shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of the IPO in the event we do not complete our business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. 
 Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our IPO Shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by the applicable extension date is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 
 We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. 
 In accordance with the NYSE American corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first full fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE American. Under Section 211 (b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL. 
 
 26 
 
 Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they would have to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 
 We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors outside of our management team s area of expertise. 
 We may consider a business combination outside of our management team s area of expertise if a target business is presented to us and we determine that such target offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. 
 Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 
 Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. 
 We may seek acquisition opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 
 To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 
 We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions, and consequently, our stockholders may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 
 Unless we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 
 
 27 
 
 Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Further, we may be subject to additional burdensome and costly requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act if we are no longer an emerging growth company or smaller reporting company. 
 Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. 
 We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. 
 Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 
 Our key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 
 We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and this, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 
 When evaluating the desirability of affecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. 
 
 28 
 
 We may engage Adit, or another affiliate of our S ponsor, as our lead financial advisor on our business combinations and other transactions. Any fee in connection with such engagement may be conditioned upon the completion of such transactions. This financial interest in the completion of such transactions may influence the advice such affiliate provides. 
 We may engage Adit, or another affiliate of our Sponsor, as a financial advisor in connection with our initial business combination and pay such affiliate a customary financial advisory fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard financial advisory fee for comparable transactions. Pursuant to any such engagement, the affiliate may earn its fee upon closing of the initial business combination. The payment of such fee would likely be conditioned upon the completion of the initial business combination. Therefore, our Sponsor may have additional financial interests in the completion of the initial business combination. These financial interests may influence the advice any such affiliate provides us as our financial advisor, which advice would contribute to our decision on whether to pursue a business combination with any particular target. 
 We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 
 Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination, but we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy and 

other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

29 

If our business combination is with only one target business, we would be solely dependent on this single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 
 We may effectuate our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. 
 If we attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, it may hinder our ability to complete our business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 
 If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we may need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 
 We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination even though holders of our IPO Shares elected to redeem a substantial majority of our IPO Shares in connection with the extension meeting and may elect to redeem additional IPO Shares in the future . 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold. As a result, we may be able to complete the Merger or any other business combination even though holders of a substantial majority of our IPO Shares have redeemed their shares in connection with the extension meeting and additional holders of our IPO Shares may redeem their shares in connection with the Merger or such other business combination. In connection with the extension meeting, approximately 91 of the then-outstanding IPO Shares were redeemed. Following the redemptions in connection with the extension meeting, approximately 253.8 million was withdrawn from the trust account and distributed to the holders of IPO Shares that redeemed such shares, leaving approximately 25 million left in the trust account as of December 31, 2022. Consummating an initial business combination after a substantial amount of additional redemptions could have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 30 
 
 Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 
 The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 
 If we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities of outside the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 
 If we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected 

tariffs and trade barriers 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters 

longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls 

rates of inflation 

cultural and language differences 

employment regulations 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars 

deterioration of political relations with the United States and 

government appropriations of assets. 

 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 31 
 
 Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 
 We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, or that of a third party with which we do business. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss, lawsuits, investigations, fines and penalties, whether directly or through claims made against us by third parties. 
 Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 
 In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 
 In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 
 In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 
 
 32 
 
 Risks Relating to O ur Management Team 
 Members of our management team may have conflicts of interest that could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 Our management team members are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. The conflicts of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 
 Our ability to successfully effect our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure our stockholders that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 
 The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 
 Certain members of our management team are now, and any of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 
 Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Members of our management team are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. Our management team members also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. 
 Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 
 For a complete discussion of our officers directors and industry advisors business affiliations and the potential conflicts, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest and Item 12. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 33 
 
 Our officers, directors, industry advisors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 
 We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, industry advisors, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers, directors, industry advisors or their affiliates although we do not currently intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 
 We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors, industry advisors or their affiliates which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 
 We may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors, industry advisors or their affiliates. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such a transaction was attractive and in the best interests of our stockholders and such a transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness of such a transaction, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 
 Since our Sponsor and our management team will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 
 On October 23, 2020, we issued an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. On January 11, 2021, we effected a stock dividend of 1,150,000 shares with respect to our common stock, and as a result, our Sponsor currently holds 6,832,500 founder shares, each of our independent directors currently holds 10,000 founder shares, and each of our industry advisors currently holds 7,500 founder shares, such that our initial stockholders own an aggregate of 6,900,000 founder shares. The number of founder shares was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the IPO. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, in connection with our IPO, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7,270,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock at 11.50 per share, for a purchase price of 7,270,000, or 1.00 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our initial stockholders, officers, directors, industry advisors or their affiliates which likely would not be repaid if we do not consummate an initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our management team may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. 
 Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. 
 We anticipate only completing a business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, 
 
 34 
 
 as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 
 Risks Relating to Our Securities 
 If we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which would make it difficult for us to complete the Merger or any other business combination. 
 We completed our IPO in January 2021. Since we are a blank check company, the efforts of our board of directors and management since the completion of our IPO have been focused on searching for a target business with which to consummate an initial business combination and, since November 29, 2021, on the consummation of the Merger. 
 On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals ), which include proposals relating to the circumstances in which SPACs such as us could be subject to the Investment Company Act, and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor from one prong of the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act for a SPAC satisfying certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the SPAC s IPO registration statement. The SPAC also would need to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the IPO registration statement. 
 There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a SPAC like us, that may not complete its initial business combination within 24 months from the effective date of its IPO registration statement. It is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, such as any appreciation in the value of our common stock and warrants following such a transaction, our warrants would expire worthless and shares of our common stock would have no value apart from their pro rata entitlement to the funds then-remaining in the trust account. 
 Following our IPO, the funds in the trust account were held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act), we instructed Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the trust account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash until the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination or liquidation. As a result, following such liquidation, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation. 
 
 35 
 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our common stock. 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of the NYSE American or any other exchange on which our securities may be listed in the future. 
 Our common stock, units and warrants are currently listed on the NYSE American.. 
 Our eligibility for continued listing may depend on, among other things, the number of our shares that are redeemed and the resulting market capitalization, public float and number of round lot holders of our shares immediately after the Merger, each of which may drop below the required amount due to redemptions. If, in connection with the Merger or any other business combination, the NYSE American delists our common stock from trading on its exchange for failure to meet the listing standards, we and our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities 

reduced liquidity for our securities 

a determination that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. To the extent our common stock, units, or warrants are listed on the NYSE American, they are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. Certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE American, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 
 36 
 
 We may issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 65,500,000 authorized but unissued shares of common stock available for issuance. We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock, and may issue shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: 

may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present management team and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, common stock and/or warrants. 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, subject to limited exceptions, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if such actions are brought outside of the State of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 This choice of forum provision may make it more costly, or limit a stockholder s ability, to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. We cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America 
 
 37 
 
 shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants. 
 Our warrants are issued registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants (including the private placement warrants) to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of IPO warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 
 We may redeem unexpired IPO warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to the holder thereof. 
 We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants issued in our IPO at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of common stock and equity-linked securities as described herein) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force the holder thereof (i) to exercise the holders warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for the holder to do so, (ii) to sell the holder s warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold the holder s warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of the warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 
 Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our business combination. 
 In our IPO, we issued warrants to purchase up to 13,800,000 shares of common stock as part of the units and issued private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 7,270,000 shares of common stock at 11.50 per share. In addition, if our Sponsor officers, directors, industry advisors, or their affiliates makes any working capital loans, up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 
 To the extent we issue shares of common stock to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock and reduce the value of the shares of common stock issued to complete the 
 
 38 
 
 business combination. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 
 The grant of registration rights may make it more difficult to negotiate the terms of our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 The initial holders of our sponsor shares and the purchasers of the private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register their founder shares, private placement warrants and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants held by them, as well as any warrants and underlying shares of common stock that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make negotiating the terms of our initial business combination more difficult. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our common stock that may occur when the securities owned by our initial stockholders, holders of the private placement warrants or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 
 The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended with the approval of holders of a majority of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that its provisions may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own up to 20 of our common stock, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner it chooses. Our ability to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination activity may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. 
 Our initial stockholders will control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. 
 Our initial stockholders own approximately 73.7 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. None of our Sponsor, officers, directors, industry advisors, initial stockholders or their affiliates has indicated to us any intention to purchase any units or shares of common stock from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, our Sponsor, officers, directors, industry advisors, initial stockholders or their affiliates could determine in the future to make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law, in order to influence the vote or magnitude of the number of stockholders seeking to tender their shares to us. In connection with any vote for a proposed business combination, our initial stockholders, as well as all of our management team, have agreed to vote the shares of common stock owned by them in favor of such proposed business combination. 
 Our board of directors is divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. It is unlikely that there will be an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of a business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of the business combination. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your voting rights under corporate law until after the applicable extension date. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of a business combination. 
 
 39 
 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 Section 203 of the DGCL affects the ability of an interested stockholder to engage in certain business combinations, for a period of three years following the time that the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. We have elected in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation not to be subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. Nevertheless, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that have the same effect as Section 203 of the DGCL, except that it provides that affiliates of our Sponsor and their transferees will not be deemed to be interested stockholders, regardless of the percentage of our voting stock owned by them, and will therefore not be subject to such restrictions. These charter provisions may limit the ability of third parties to acquire control of our company. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 
 We are a blank check company with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 
 Past performance by Adit or its affiliates, including our management team, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in ADEX or the surviving company. 
 Past performance by us, Adit, businesses associated with Adit, our management team or their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of future success. You should not rely on the historical record of Adit, businesses associated with Adit, our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the surviving company or the returns we or the surviving company will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 
 Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 40 
 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 
 We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th and our annual revenues exceeds 100 million during such completed fiscal year or (2) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

41 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Facilities 
 Our executive offices are located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 33rd Floor, New York, New York 10105. The cost for our use of any office space used by us, including this space, is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our Sponsor or its affiliates for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 

42 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our units, common stock and warrants are listed on NYSE American under the symbols ADEX.U, ADEX and ADEX.WS, respectively. 
 Holders 
 As of January 3, 2023, there were 560 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 None. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 43 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware and formed for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the private placement of the warrants consummated simultaneous with the IPO, our stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 
 The issuance of additional shares of our common stock in a business combination: 

may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present management team 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock and/or warrants. 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants 

restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements and execution of our strategy and 

other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

44 

On January 14, 2021, we completed our IPO of 24,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of our common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 240,000,000. 
 On January 14, 2021, simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, we completed a private placement of an aggregate of 6,550,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 6,550,000. 
 On January 15, 2021, the IPO underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full, and, on January 19, 2021, the IPO underwriters purchased an additional 3,600,000 units at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 36,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the sale of additional units, we sold an additional 720,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrants, generating gross proceeds of 720,000. As of January 19, 2021, an aggregate amount of 276,000,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO (including the additional 3,600,000 units and additional 720,000 private placement warrants) were deposited in our trust account established in connection with the IPO (the Trust Account ). 
 We paid a total of approximately 5.5 million in underwriting discounts and commissions and approximately 0.6 million for other costs and expenses related to the IPO. 
 
 We will have until the applicable extension date, the latest of which is July 14, 2023, if our board of directors approves all six one-month extensions allowed under the current certificate of incorporation to complete a business combination or otherwise (a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem all of the shares of common stock included as part of the units and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and in accordance with applicable law, dissolve and liquidate. The current extension date is April 14, 2023. 
 
 In connection with the stockholders vote at the special meeting of stockholders held on December 23, 2022, 25,132,578 shares of common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in our trust account for approximately 253.6 million (approximately 10.09 per share). 
 Results of Operations 
 Our entire activity since inception up to December 31, 2022 relates to our formation, the IPO and, since the closing of the IPO, a search for a business combination candidate. We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 4.8 million, which consisted of change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 4.6 million and interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 4.0 million, offset by formation and operational costs of 2.9 million and provision for income taxes of 0.8 million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net loss of 2.6 million which consisted of 3.7 million in formation and operating costs, offset by 0.1 million in interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account and 1.0 million in change in fair value of warrants. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.0 million in our operating bank account, and a working capital deficit of approximately 5.2 million, excluding approximately 0.8 million in federal income tax payable that can be paid through the interest income earned on Trust Account. 
 Prior to the completion of the IPO, our liquidity needs had been satisfied through a capital contribution from the Sponsor of 25,000 in exchange for shares of our common stock, to cover certain offering costs, and a loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of 150,000. Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO and the concurrent private placement, our liquidity needs have been satisfied through the proceeds from the consummation of the private placement not held in the trust account. 
 
 45 
 
 In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a b usiness c ombination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us w orking c apital l oans. 
 On August 6, 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor in connection with a working capital loan made by the Sponsor to us pursuant to which we were permitted to borrow up to 300,000 in the aggregate, until such promissory note was amended and restated to permit borrowing up to 1,000,000. The note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier to occur of (i) the applicable extension date or (ii) the effective date of a business combination. Any amounts outstanding under the note are convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the Sponsor, the terms of which shall be identical to the private placement warrants. As of December 31, 2022, we had borrowed 300,000 under the note. On March 12, 2023, we issued an amended and restated promissory note to the Sponsor. The amended and restated promissory note increases the maximum aggregate amount of advances and readvances permitted from 300,000 to 1,000,000. 
 
 On October 9, 2022, we entered into a settlement and release agreement with Griid Holdco LLC GRIID and its affiliates and Blockchain Access UK Limited Blockchain and certain of its affiliates (the Blockchain Settlement and Release Agreement ), pursuant to which Blockchain waived any potential defaults under the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between GRIID and Blockchain, dated November 19, 2021 (the Prior Credit Agreement and the parties agreed to release each other from any claims related to the Prior Credit Agreement. Also on October 9, 2022, GRIID and its affiliates entered into the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement (the Credit Agreement with Blockchain and its affiliates. The Credit Agreement amended and restated the Prior Credit Agreement in its entirety, providing for a restructured senior secured term loan in the amount of 57,433,360.50, which represents GRIID s outstanding obligations under the Prior Credit Agreement after giving effect to the Credit Agreement. GRIID also issued to Blockchain a warrant in connection with the credit agreement, which will be automatically adjusted and exercised for an exercise price of 0.01 into a number of GRIID Class B units to be equal to 10 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the continuing company following the Merger New GRIID immediately following the closing of the Merger. 
 
 On December 6, 2022, we and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. EarlyBird entered into an amendment to the underwriting agreement dated as of January 11, 2021, relating to our IPO (as so amended, the underwriting agreement ). Among other things, the amendment reduces the amount of the deferred underwriting commission payable to EarlyBird to 6,762,000, which amount, together with reimbursement of EarlyBird s legal expenses in an amount not to exceed 150,000 (the Expense Reimbursement ), will be payable as follows: (i) upon the closing of our initial business combination, in an amount equal to the lesser of (A) 3,381,000 plus the Expense Reimbursement and (B) the balance of our trust account, after all amounts payable in connection with stockholder redemptions have been so paid and (ii) the remainder pursuant to a convertible promissory note (the Note to be made by the surviving company of our initial business combination (the Maker upon the consummation of our initial business combination. If we do not consummate an initial business combination, no deferred underwriting commission will be payable to EarlyBird. The amendment also provides customary registration rights to EarlyBird for the shares of common stock of the Maker (the Maker s common stock issuable upon conversion of the Note. 
 
 The Note is expected to bear interest at a rate of 8 per annum and is expected to mature upon the one-year anniversary of the date of its issuance upon consummation of our initial business combination (the Maturity Date ). The Note is expected to provide that the full amount of the Note may be converted at EarlyBird s election on the Maturity Date or any date on which the Maker elects to voluntarily prepay any or all of the outstanding principal and accrued interest into shares of the Maker s common stock, at a per share conversion price equal to 90 of the trailing five trading day volume weighted average price of a share of the Maker s common stock. The Note is also expected to contain a provision precluding conversion to the extent such conversion would result in an issuance exceeding the maximum number of shares of the Maker s common stock permitted to be issued without a vote of the Maker s stockholders. 
 
 The Note is expected to provide for mandatory prepayments from time to time after the date of the Note s issuance, in amounts equal to 15 of the gross proceeds received by the Maker from any equity lines, forward purchase agreements or other equity financings consummated by Maker prior to the Maturity Date. The Note is also expected to provide for penalty-free prepayments in whole or in part, at the election of the Maker. 

46 

The form of Note provides that the Maturity Date may be accelerated upon the occurrence of certain customary Events of Default (as defined therein). Upon the occurrence an Event of Default, the Note would bear interest at a rate of 15 per annum from, and including, the Maturity Date (or such earlier date if the obligation to repay the Note is accelerated) to, but excluding, the date of repayment. 
 
 On January 12, 2023, February 8, 2023, and March 12, 2023, our board of directors elected to extend the date by which we must complete an initial business combination by one month each time, from January 14, 2023 to April 14, 2023 (the Extensions ). In connection with the Extensions, GRIID Infrastructure LLC GRIID Infrastructure deposited an aggregate of 444,136 (representing 0.06 per IPO Share per month) into our trust account for its public stockholders on behalf of us. This deposit is loaned to us pursuant to a promissory note issued by us to GRIID Infrastructure on January 13, 2023. The Extensions are the first, the second, and third of six one-month extensions permitted under our governing documents and provide us with additional time to complete our initial business combination. 
 
 Pursuant to the unsecured promissory note, we may borrow up to 900,000 in the aggregate. The note is interest-bearing, at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Federal Rate set forth by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to Section 1274(d) of the Internal Revenue Code, and payable on the earlier of (i) the date on which a definitive decision to liquidate our Company is made by our board of directors, and (ii) the closing of the Merger, unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default. Any outstanding principal amount under the note may be prepaid by us, at our election and without penalty. 
 Going Concern Consideration 
 We anticipate that the approximately 1.0 million in the operating bank account as of December 31, 2022 will not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 12 months, assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. Management plans to address this uncertainty through loans from the Sponsor, officers, directors, or third parties. None of the Sponsor, officers or directors are under any obligation to advance funds to or to invest in us . There is no assurance that the plans to raise capital or to consummate a business combination will be successful. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Further, management has determined that if we are unable to complete a business combination prior to the applicable extension date, then we will (a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem all of the IPO Shares and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and in accordance with applicable law, dissolve and liquidate. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution as well as our working capital deficit raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after the applicable extension date. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. We have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or entered into any non-financial assets. 
 
 On September 9, 2022, we and Griid Infrastructure LLC Griid Infrastructure entered into a share purchase agreement (the Share Purchase Agreement with GEM Global Yield LLC SCS (the Purchaser and GEM Yield Bahamas Limited relating to a share subscription facility. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, following the Merger, subject to certain conditions and limitations set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement, the surviving 
 
 47 
 
 company of the Merger shall have the right, but not the obligation, from time to time at its option, to issue and sell to the Purchaser up to 200.0 million of its shares of common stock. 
 On November 29, 2021, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Initial Merger Agreement by and among us, Merger Sub, and GRIID. On December 23, 2021, October 17, 2022, and February 8, 2023, the parties to the Initial Merger Agreement amended the Initial Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into GRIID, the separate limited liability company existence of Merger Sub will cease, and GRIID, as the surviving company of the Merger, will continue its existence under the Limited Liability Company Act of the State of Delaware as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 The Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were unanimously approved by the board of directors of ADEX and the board of managers of GRIID. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 At December 31, 2022, we did not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than what is disclosed in the balance sheet. 
 JOBS Act 
 The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and, as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions, we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of the IPO or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Management s discussion and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our consolidated financial information. We describe our significant accounting policies in Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Certain of our accounting policies require that management apply significant judgments in defining the appropriate assumptions integral to financial estimates. On an ongoing basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. Judgments are based on historical experience, terms of existing contracts, industry trends and information available from outside sources, as appropriate. However, by their nature, judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, and, therefore, actual results could differ from our estimates. 
 We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 
 
 48 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 
 All of the outstanding IPO Shares contain a redemption feature, which allows for the redemption of such IPO Shares in connection with our liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with a business combination or in connection with certain amendments to our amended and restated articles of incorporation. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require shares of common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, s hares of common stock were classified outside of permanent equity as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur upon the IPO and will adjust the carrying value of redeemable shares of common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable shares of common stock are recorded as charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 
 
 On December 23, 2022, we held a special meeting of stockholders in which the stockholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated certification of incorporation to extend the date by which we must consummate its initial business combination up to six times at the election of our board of directors for an additional one month each time (for a maximum of six one-month extensions) or otherwise (a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem all of the shares of common stock included as part of the units sold in our IPO and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and in accordance with applicable law, dissolve and liquidate. 
 
 In connection with the stockholders vote at the special meeting of stockholders on December 23, 2022, 25,132,578 shares of common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in our trust account for approximately 253.6 million (approximately 10.09 per share). Following redemptions, we have 2,467,422 IPO Shares outstanding. 
 Net Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock 
 We have two categories of shares, which are referred to as redeemable shares of common stock and non-redeemable shares of common stock. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two categories of shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Stock ASC 815-40 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 
 At December 31, 2022, we have evaluated both the IPO warrants and private placement warrants under ASC 480 and ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that, because the private placement warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each private placement warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we classified each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in our statements of operations. The private placement warrants had met the requirement for equity accounting treatment when initially issued. On December 23, 2021, the private placement warrants were modified such that the private placement warrants no longer meet the criteria for equity treatment. As such, the private placement warrants were treated as derivative liability instruments from the date of the modification. 
 
 Recent Accounting Standards 
 
 In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity 
 
 49 
 
 (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We are currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. As of December 31, 2022 , the net proceeds of our IPO, including amounts in the trust account, were invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 
 
 However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act), we have instructed Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the trust account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash until the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination or liquidation. 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Our financial statements and the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Certifying Officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 
 As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting 
 
 50 
 
 and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We designed and implemented remediation measures to address the material weakness previously identified related to the accounting for complex financial instruments and enhanced our internal control over financial reporting. In light of the material weakness, we enhanced our processes to identify, review and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex financial instruments that apply to our condensed financial statements, including enhanced analyses by third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The foregoing actions, including the passage of time, which we believe remediated the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, were completed as of September 30, 2022. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 

51 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Our current directors and executive officers, and their ages as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Eric L. Munson 

62 

Non-executive Chairman 

David L. Shrier 

49 

Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 

John J. D Agostino 

47 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Elizabeth B. Porter 

52 

Chief Technology Officer and Secretary 

Jacob Cohen 

49 

Director 

Sharmila Kassam 

49 

Director 

Sheldon Levy 

73 

Director 

Eric L. Munson has served as our non-executive chairman of the board of directors since October 2020. In 2014, Mr. Munson co-founded Adit. Mr. Munson has over 35 years of principal investment experience that spanned alternative asset management, corporate finance, mutual funds, private equity and venture capital, having built, developed and managed 24 different funds, invested in 48 privately-held companies, and executed hundreds of private transactions. Mr. Munson is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive experience in finance and capital investments across various industries and his contacts and relationships. 
 David L. Shrier has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our board of directors since October 2020. Mr. Shrier also serves as a board member of Esme Learning Solutions, Inc., where Adit is a significant investor, and for which Mr. Shrier has served in various roles since February 2019. Mr. Shrier was a non-executive director of fintech company Mode Global Holdings PLC (LSE: MODE) from May 2022 to January 2023. He was a non-executive director of crypto infrastructure company Copper Technologies (UK) Ltd from November 2020 to January 2022, and Senior Advisor from January 2022 to December 2022. He is also a thought leadership consultant to CoinDesk, the #1 media company serving the cryptocurrency and blockchain industry. He has served as strategic advisor to two startup companies, Kaleidoco and Dandelion Science, since December 2021. Mr. Shrier was co-founder of Riff Analytics, an artificial intelligence collaboration software company (where Adit is also an investor) that was acquired by Esme Learning in November 2021, and served as its chairman of the board of directors from its inception in June 2017 until July 2020. Riff Analytics was acquired by Esme Learning in November 2021. Mr. Shrier holds a part-time appointment as a Professor of Practice in the Department of Management & Innovation at Imperial College London Business School which he began in December 2020, where (among other initiatives) he leads the Institutional Digital Assets Project, providing insight into crypto and blockchain use cases and technologies. From August 2017 to July 2021, Mr. Shrier held a part-time appointment as Associate Fellow with Sa d Business School, University of Oxford, where he created and launched the Oxford Fintech and Oxford Blockchain Strategy Programmes online, as well as Oxford Fintech Lab. Between February 2013 and November 2020, Mr. Shrier held a variety of instructional and administrative roles at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, including New Ventures Officer, Managing Director, Connection Science & Engineering and most recently, Lecturer, Media Arts & Sciences. Previously, Mr. Shrier has held a variety of management roles in privately funded companies including, most recently, Distilled Identity, where he served as Chief Executive Officer from June 2017 to May 2020. Since September 2017, Mr. Shrier has served as a member of FINRA s fintech advisory Committee. Mr. Shrier is a senior advisor to the UK government s Revenue & Customs department (HMRC) since December 2019 as well as UK Department for International Trade s fintech steering board since March 2018. Since October 2020, Mr. Shrier has also been an advisor to the European Parliament s Science & Technology Committee, which is chaired by Eva Kaili. Mr. Shrier is also on the advisory board for WorldQuant University, which offers a totally free online master s degree in financial engineering, where he has served since April 2016. Mr. Shrier is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive experience managing technology companies, his experience in crypto and blockchain, and his contacts and relationships. 
 
 52 
 
 John J. D Agostino has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since October 2020. Mr. D Agostino was the US Managing Director at Waystone Governance from May 2015 through September 2021. From May 2017 to December 2021, Mr. D Agostino served as a director of Midpoint Holdings Ltd., a UK-headquartered payments institution specializing in cross-border payments and foreign exchange. A graduate of Williams College, Mr. D Agostino received a Master s degree in Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 2002 and has studied Economics at Oxford University. In 2021, Mr. D Agostino was named Fellow of the AIF Institute Financial Innovation Center of Excellence. Also in 2021, Mr. D Agostino founded the AIMA Digital Asset Working Group. In 2019, Mr. D Agostino was named Chair of the UK Consulate s Financial Services Working Group. Mr. D Agostino holds the following securities/commodities licenses: SIE (Securities Industry Essentials Examination), Series 3 (National Commodity Futures Examination), Series 7 (General Securities Representative), 24 (General Securities Principal), Series 63 (Uniform Securities Agent State Law Examination), and Series 66 (Uniform Combined State Law Examination). 
 Elizabeth B. Porter has served as our Chief Technology Officer and Secretary since October 2020. Throughout her career, Ms. Porter has led multiple product and engineering teams to deliver high value, customer-focused educational technology products in product design, business strategy and operational roles. Ms. Porter has worked with clients in technology, education, and publishing to develop product strategy and vision, provide technical direction and architecture, and conceive end-to-end solutions that meet business needs. Ms. Porter served as Vice President of Product of EdX, a non-profit massive open online course (MOOC) provider founded by MIT and Harvard University, from May 2014 to December 2015. Ms. Porter held executive roles at Pearson Education, a company that provides education publishing and assessment services to schools, corporations and students with more than 22,500 employees operating in 70 countries (including former Vice President with special focus on higher education online offering) from January 2010 to April 2014, as well as directing product development teams at Mathsoft Inc. (subsequently acquired by PTC) from April 2006 until August 2008, Extension Engine (from May 2016 to December 2018), an edtech consultancy that specializes in the development of highly customized online courses and programs, and University of Texas at Austin (from May 2018 to December 2019). Ms. Porter has been the managing partner of Geeklight, LLC, an edtech consulting business, since May 2016. She served as Chief Executive Officer, co-founder and board member of Riff Analytics, a conversation analytics company that works primarily with educational institutions and providers delivering platform software and custom data analytics reporting, since September 2017 until its acquisition by Esme in November 2021. Ms. Porter has also headed the course development and delivery teams at Esme Learning in her capacity as President and Chief Executive Officer, board member and co-founder since February 2019. Esme Learning is an artificial intelligence-enabled workforce transformation company that partners with the world s top universities to reskill professionals for the Fourth Industrial Revolution. Ms. Porter s engagements in higher education include roles as researcher and lecturer at the MIT Media Lab since September 2016 and Boston University Questrom School of Business since July 2016. She also serves as board member, treasurer and trustee of Oakwood School, a non-profit private school, since June 2015. Ms. Porter graduated from Cornell University, where she received her B.A. in English Literature and M.A. in Mathematics Teacher Education. 
 Jacob Cohen has served as a member of ADEX s board of directors since October 2020. Since June 2012, Mr. Cohen has served as Senior Associate Dean at MIT Sloan for Degree Programs and Senior Lecturer in Accounting & Law. Prior to his academic career, Mr. Cohen worked as an accountant at KPMG LLP in Philadelphia, and as a mergers & acquisitions consultant for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in New York City. Mr. Cohen earned a J.D. and a Master of Science in Accounting from Syracuse University in 1998, and a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Lehigh University in 1995. Mr. Cohen is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive industry experience and his contacts and relationships. 
 Sharmila Kassam has served as a member of our board of directors since October 2020. Ms. Kassam is a proven business professional and institutional investor. Since November 2021, Ms. Kassam has served as Chief Operating Officer of Nasdaq Asset Owner Solutions. In September 2019, Ms. Kassam founded Aligned Capital Investing, a consulting firm focused on global institutional investors and investment managers. Ms. Kassam has also served as Advisory Board Member at Sweetwater Private Equity since August 2020, as Hedge Fund Board Member at Foundation Credit Opportunities since November 2019, as a policy advisor and instructor for Institutional Limited Partners Association (ILPA) since July 2015 and as Senior Fellow at Milken Institute Center for Financial Markets since September 2019. Ms. Kassam was formerly the deputy Chief Investment Officer at the Employees Retirement System of Texas (ERS) where she worked for over a decade from January 2008 until May 2019. Ms. Kassam is a 
 
 53 
 
 licensed certified public accountant and also licensed to practice law in California and Texas. Ms. Kassam graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, where she received a Bachelor of Business Administration in accounting, with honors, and a J.D. from the University of Texas at Austin. Ms. Kassam is well qualified to serve as a director due to her extensive experience in finance and capital investments across various industries and her contacts and relationships. 
 Sheldon Levy has served as a member of ADEX s board of directors since October 2020. Mr. Levy has been an instrumental figure in Canada s innovation ecosystem in the last decade, spearheading the creation of such organizations as Ryerson s Digital Media Zone (DMZ), the Brookfield Institute for Innovation + Entrepreneurship, and Scale Up Ventures, Inc. Mr. Levy is also a founder and advisor to Ryerson Futures Inc., an accelerator that has exported the DMZ concept to such locations as Calgary and Mumbai. From 2015 to 2017, Mr. Levy served as Ontario s Deputy Minister of Advanced Education and Skills Development, where he helped prioritize innovation and entrepreneurship throughout Ontario s postsecondary education and training system. From 2017 to December 2019, Mr. Levy was the Chief Executive Officer of NEXT Canada, an organization that provides mentorship, education, networks and funding to Canada s most promising entrepreneurs. From December 2018 to June 2020, Mr. Levy acted as Special Advisor to Canada s Minister of Small Business and Export Promotion, Mary Ng, on the issue of scaling up small and medium-sized businesses. In September 2019, Mr. Levy joined the Board of Directors of Baycrest Health Sciences. Mr. Levy graduated from York University, where he received his MSc. He was also awarded honorary doctorates from York University, Lakehead University and Mount Allison University. Mr. Levy is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive industry experience and his contacts and relationships. 
 Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 
 Our board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a two-year term. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Sharmila Kassam and Sheldon Levy will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Eric L. Munson, David Shrier and Jacob Cohen, will expire at our second annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Our officers are elected by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. 
 Director Independence 
 NYSE American listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have determined that Ms. Kassam and Messrs. Cohen and Levy are independent directors under NYSE American rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating committee. The rules of the NYSE American and Rule 10A of the Exchange Act generally require that these committees be comprised solely of independent directors. 
 Audit Committee 
 Our audit committee consists of Messrs. Cohen (Chair) and Levy and Ms. Kassam. Under the NYSE American listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all 
 
 54 
 
 of whom must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Cohen qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 
 We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction and 

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the FASB, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

 Compensation Committee 
 Our compensation committee consists of Messrs. Levy (Chair) and Cohen and Ms. Kassam. Under the NYSE American listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have a compensation committee comprised solely of independent directors. 
 We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our executive officers compensation, evaluating our executive officers performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our executive officers based on such evaluation 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements 

55 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

 The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE American and the SEC. 
 Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 
 Our corporate governance and nominating committee consists of Ms. Kassam (Chair) and Messrs. Cohen and Levy. The corporate governance and nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The corporate governance and nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others. 
 Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 
 The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the corporate governance and nominating committee charter adopted by us, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders. 

 The corporate governance and nominating committee charter will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The corporate governance and nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The corporate governance and nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. 
 There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 
 Code of Ethics 
 Our code of ethics is applicable to our directors, officers and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our code of ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Conflicts of Interest 
 Certain members of our management team presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to which such members of 
 
 56 
 
 our management team are or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, if any of them become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. However, we do not expect these duties to present a significant conflict of interest with our search for an initial business combination. Subject to the foregoing fiduciary or contractual obligations, our officers and directors have agreed to present to us all target business opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 
 Our officers have agreed not to become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company which has publicly filed a registration statement with the SEC until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination by the applicable extension date. 
 Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

No member of our management team is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our management team members may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management team members may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our Sponsor, directors and officers have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any shares of common stock held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our Sponsor, directors and officers have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination by the applicable extension date. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our IPO Shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable or assignable by the holders until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by the initial holders or their permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our Sponsor and management team may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following the IPO, our officers, directors and industry advisors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

57 

Our management team members may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such members of the management team were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our management team members may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from them to finance working capital deficiencies and transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Such loans could be convertible into warrants of ours which would be identical to the private placement warrants including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

 The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 
 In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business and 

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

 Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. 

58 

Below is a table summarizing the entities other than the Company to which members of our management team currently have fiduciary duties: 

Individual 

Entity 

Entity s Business 

Affiliation 

Eric Munson 

Adit Ventures, LLC 

Private equity investment 

Chief Investment Officer 

David Shrier 

Esme Learning Solutions, Inc. 

Workforce transformation 

Chief Executive Officer Member of Board of Directors 

John D Agostino 

AGL Credit 

Asset management 

Director 

Atreides Management 

Asset management 

Director 

Blueshift Capital Group 

Asset management 

Director 

Bregal Investments - Europe 

Asset management 

Director 

Brevet Capital Management 

Asset management 

Director 

Brightwood Capital Advisors 

Asset management 

Director 

CaaS Capital Management 

Asset management 

Director 

Cinctive Capital Management LP 

Asset management 

Director 

Durable Capital Partners 

Asset management 

Director 

Fundamental Credit Opportunities, LP 

Asset management 

Director 

INOKS Capital SA 

Asset management 

Director 

Interval Partners, LP 

Asset management 

Director 

Jefferies Investment Advisers, LLC 

Asset management 

Director 

Melody Capital Partners, LP 

Asset management 

Director 

One William Street Capital Management, L.P. 

Asset management 

Director 

Quantitative Investment Management 

Asset management 

Director 

Sandler Capital Management 

Asset management 

Director 

Sender Company & Partners 

Asset management 

Director 

Tudor Investment Corporation 

Asset management 

Director 

Wasserstein Debt Opportunities Management, L.P. 

Asset management 

Director 

Midpoint Holdings Ltd. 

Foreign exchange services 

Director 

Elizabeth Porter 

Geeklight, LLC 

Edtech consulting 

Managing Partner 

Esme Learning Solutions, Inc. 

Workforce transformation 

President & Chief Operating Officer Member of Board of Directors 

Sheldon Levy 

Baycrest Hospital 

Research hospital in Canada 

Director 

Sharmila Kassam 

Fundamental Credit Opportunities 

Asset Management 

Director 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for 
 
 59 
 
 monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the DGCL. 
 We entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We obtained a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 
 These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 None of our executive officers, directors or industry advisors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. However, we pay our Sponsor or its affiliate a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. We may also engage Adit, or another affiliate of our Sponsor, as our lead financial advisor in connection with our initial business combination and may pay such affiliate a customary financial advisory fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard financial advisory fee for comparable transactions. Our initial stockholders, officers, directors, industry advisor and any of their respective affiliates will also be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our independent directors will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made, directly or indirectly, to our Sponsor, officers, directors, industry advisors or our or any of their affiliates. 
 After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid, directly or indirectly, to our executive officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 
 We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our management team may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our management team that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 
 
 60 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of February 28, 2023, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock 

each of our executive officers and directors and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group 

 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2023. 

Amount and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 

Approximate 
 Percentage of 
 Outstanding 
 Common 
 Stock Shares 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 

Jacob Cohen 

10,000 

John J. D Agostino (3) 

Sharmila Kassam 

10,000 

Sheldon Levy 

10,000 

Eric L. Munson (3) 

Elizabeth B. Porter (3) 

David L. Shrier (3) 

All officers and directors as a group (7 individuals) 

30,000 

Greater than 5 Beneficial Owners (1)(2) 

Adit EdTech Sponsor, LLC (2) 

6,832,500 

72.9 

Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. (4) 

200,000 

8.11 

Less than one percent 

(1) 
 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 33rd Floor, New York, New York 10105. 

(2) 
 
 Adit EdTech Sponsor, LLC, our Sponsor, is the record holder of these shares. John J. D Agostino, Michael Block, Eric L. Munson, Elizabeth B. Porter and David L. Shrier are the five directors of our Sponsor s board of directors. Any action by our Sponsor with respect to us or our shares, including voting and dispositive decisions, requires a vote of four out of the five directors of the board of directors. Under the so-called rule of three , because voting and dispositive decisions are made by four out of the five directors of the board of directors, none of the directors is deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities held by our Sponsor. Accordingly, none of the directors on our Sponsor s board of directors is deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of the shares held by our Sponsor. 

(3) 
 
 Each of John J. D Agostino, Eric L. Munson, Elizabeth B. Porter and David L. Shrier holds, indirectly through an entity controlled by such individual, an equity interest in our Sponsor. Any action by our Sponsor with respect to us or our shares, including voting and dispositive decisions, requires a vote of four out of the five directors of the board of directors. Under the so-called rule of three , because voting and dispositive decisions are made by four out of the five directors of the board of directors, none of the directors is deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities held by our Sponsor. Accordingly, none of the directors on our Sponsor s board of directors is deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of the shares held by our Sponsor. 

61 

(4) 
 
 Based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on December 27, 2022 by Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, RGC Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Steven B. Katznelson , Christopher Hinkel , Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership, and Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together, Radcliffe ). The address of each is 50 Monument Road, Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. 

 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Table 
 None. 
 Changes in Control 
 None. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 We pay our Sponsor or its affiliate a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. We may also pay a customary financial advisory fee to Adit, or another affiliate of our Sponsor, in an amount that constitutes a market standard financial advisory fee for comparable transactions. 
 Our Sponsor, directors and officers or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to these persons and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 
 We may engage Adit, or another affiliate of our Sponsor, as our lead financial advisor in connection with our initial business combination and may pay such affiliate a customary financial advisory fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard financial advisory fee for comparable transactions. 
 On April 17, 2021, GRIID entered into an engagement letter and an incentive unit award agreement (together, the consulting agreements with Deucalion Partners, LLC, an entity affiliated with John D Agostino, our Chief Financial Officer. The engagement letter was amended on November 14, 2022. Pursuant to the consulting agreements, as amended, GRIID is obligated to pay to such entity 400,000 and grant such entity units representing a 0.5 profits interest in GRIID. The cash payment is considered to be earned as of April 26, 2022 and is payable on consummation of the Merger. The units vested as to one-fourth on April 16, 2022, and will continue to vest 1/36th on the 17th day of each month thereafter, subject to such entity s continued service through such vesting dates provided, however, that any unvested units shall fully vest upon a qualifying transaction. 
 
 On August 6, 2021, our Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to finance working capital expenses. The loan bears no interest and is payable in full on the earliest of (i) the applicable extension date or (ii) the effective date of our initial business combination. Outstanding amounts under the loan are convertible into warrants to purchase shares of our common stock at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the Sponsor s option, on terms identical to the private placement warrants. As of December 31, 2022, 300,000 under the loan was outstanding. On March 12, 2023, we issued an amended and restated promissory note to our Sponsor. The amended and restated promissory note increases the maximum aggregate amount of advances and readvances permitted from 300,000 to 1,000,000. 
 We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 In addition, in order to finance working capital deficiencies and transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required on a non-interest basis. If we complete our initial business combination, we 
 
 62 
 
 would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post - business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 
 After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive officer and director compensation. 
 Our initial stockholders and holders of the private placement warrants will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have piggy-back registration rights to include such securities in other registration statements filed by us and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 
 On October 9, 2022, we entered into a settlement and release agreement with GRIID (and its affiliates) and Blockchain Access (and certain of its affiliates), pursuant to which Blockchain Access waived any potential defaults under the prior credit agreement between GRIID and Blockchain Access and the parties agreed to release each other from any claims related to the prior credit agreement. Also on October 9, 2022, GRIID and Blockchain Access entered into the credit agreement, which provided for a restructured senior secured term loan (the loan in the amount of 57,433,360, which represents the outstanding obligations under the prior credit agreement after giving effect to the credit agreement. In connection with the execution of the credit agreement, GRIID issued a warrant to Blockchain Access, which will be automatically exercised immediately prior to the closing for an exercise price of 0.01 into a number of GRIID Class B units to be equal to 10 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the post-merger combined company immediately following the closing of the Merger. 
 On January 13, 2023, in connection with the extension of the date by which we must complete our initial business combination, we issued an unsecured promissory note to GRIID pursuant to which we may borrow up to 900,000 in the aggregate. The note is interest-bearing, at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Federal Rate set forth by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to Section 1274(d) of the Internal Revenue Code, and payable on the earlier of (i) the date on which a definitive decision to liquidate the Company is made by our board of directors, and (ii) the closing of the Merger, unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default. Any outstanding principal amount under the note may be prepaid by us, at our election and without penalty. 
 Related Party Policy 
 We have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the code of ethics that we adopted is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement in connection with the IPO. 
 In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a 
 
 63 
 
 quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 
 These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP Marcum for services rendered. 
 Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements totaled 172,010 and 108,840, respectively. 
 Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we did not pay Marcum any audited-related fees. 
 Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 or the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 or the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Pre-Approval of Services 
 Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

64 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., as representatives of the underwriters (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on January 14, 2021) . 

1.2 

Amendment to Underwriting Agreement, dated December 6, 2022, by and between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., as representative of the several underwriters. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on December 7, 2022. 

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 29, 2021, by and among the Company, ADEX Merger Sub, LLC and Griid Holdco LLC (Incorporated by reference to Annex A-1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-261880), filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021). 

2.2 

First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 23, 2021, by and among the Company, ADEX Merger Sub, LLC and Griid Holdco LLC (Incorporated by reference to Annex A-1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-261880), filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021). 

2.3 

Second Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 17, 2022, by and among Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp., ADEX Merger Sub, LLC and Griid Holdco LLC (Incorporated by reference to Annex A-3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-261880), filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023). 

2.4 

Third Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 8, 2023, by and among Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp., ADEX Merger Sub, LLC and Griid Holdco LLC (Incorporated by reference to Annex A-4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-261880), filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023). 

2.5 

Waiver Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2022, between Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp. and Griid Holdco LLC (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on August 26, 2022). 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended. 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on October 19, 2022). 

4.1 

Specimen Unit Certificate (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-251641), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2021) . 

4.2 

Specimen Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-251641), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2021) . 

4.3 

Specimen Warrant Certificate (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-251641), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2021). 

4.4 

Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement, dated December 23, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-261880), filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021) . 

65 

4.5 

Form of Common Stock Warrant (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022. 

4.6 

Amended and Restated Promissory Note, issued March 12, 2023. 

4.7 

Form of Convertible Promissory Note to be made by the Maker (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on December 7, 2022. 

4.8 

Promissory Note, dated January 13, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on January 17, 2023. 

10.1 

Voting Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Annex B to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-261880), filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021). 

10.2 

Form of Investor Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Annex C to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-261880), filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021). 

10.3 

Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 23, 2020, between the Registrant and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-251641), filed with the SEC on December 23, 2020) . 

10.4 

Securities Assignment Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, among the Sponsor and Independent Directors (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-251641), filed with the SEC on December 23, 2020) . 

10.5 

Securities Assignment Agreement, dated October 23, 2020, among the Sponsor and Industry Advisors (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-251641), filed with the SEC on December 23, 2020) . 

10.6 

Letter Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and among the Company, the Company, its outside directors, its industry advisors and Adit EdTech Sponsor, LLC of Letter Agreement from each of the Registrant s initial stockholders, officers and directors (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on January 14, 2021) . 

10.7 

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee directors (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on January 14, 2021) . 

10.8 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and among the Company, Adit EdTech Sponsor, LLC and certain security holders party thereto (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on January 14, 2021) . 

10.9 

Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated January 11, 2021 by and between the Company and Adit EdTech Sponsor, LLC (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on January 14, 2021) . 

10.10 

Administrative Services Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and between the Company and Adit EdTech Sponsor, LLC Form of Administrative Services Agreement (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on January 14, 2021) . 

10.11 

Form of Indemnification Agreement (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on January 14, 2021) . 

66 

10.12 

Settlement and Release Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2022, by and between Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp., Griid Infrastructure LLC, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Blockchain Access UK Limited. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022. 

10.13 

Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2022, among Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp., Griid Infrastructure LLC, GEM Global Yield LLC SCS, and GEM Yield Bahamas Limited. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022. 

10.14 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2022, among Griid Infrastructure LLC, GEM Global Yield LLC SCS, and GEM Yield Bahamas Limited. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022. 

10.15 

Form of Voting Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2022, between Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp. and the signatory thereto. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39872), filed with the SEC on November 10, 2022). 

14.1 

Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 14.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020) . 

21.1 

List of Subsidiaries. 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document -the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data (formatted within the Inline XBRL document in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Annexes, schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted attachment to the Securities and Exchange Commission on a confidential basis upon request. 

67 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ David Shrier 

Name: David L. Shrier 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Eric L. Munson 

Non-executive Chairman 

March 28, 2023 

Eric L. Munson 

/s/ David L. Shrier 

Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

March 28, 2023 

David L. Shrier 

/s/ John J. D Agostino 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

March 28, 2023 

John J. D Agostino 

/s/ Jacob Cohen 

Director 

March 28, 2023 

Jacob Cohen 

/s/ Sharmila Kassam 

Director 

March 28, 2023 

Sharmila Kassam 

/s/ Sheldon Levy 

Director 

March 28, 2023 

Sheldon Levy 

68 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 688) 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 
 Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 , a nd the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 would not be sufficient to allow the Company to operate for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the date of issuance of the financial statements, assuming that a business combination is not consummated. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ Marcum LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 PCAOB ID Number: 
 
 March 28, 2023 

F-2 

ADIT EDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Cash held in Trust Account for redeemed shares 

Total Current Assets 

Prepaid expenses, non-current 

Cash and securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

Liabilities, Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and 
 Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accrued offering costs and expenses 

Due to related party 

Common stock to be redeemed 

Income taxes payable 

Working capital loan - related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Warrant liability 

Deferred underwriting discount 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, 
 and shares at redemption values of and 
 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 
 December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value shares authorized 
 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 
 and shares at redemption value) at December 31, 
 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO 
 POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-3 

ADIT EDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Trust interest income 

Total other income 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, 
 redeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares 
 outstanding, common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F-4 

ADIT EDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Ordinary Shares 

Additional 
 Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

(Deficit) 

Balance January 1, 2021 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Proceeds allocated to Private 
 Placement Warrants 

Offering costs allocated to Warrants 

Modification to Private Placement 
 Warrants to qualify as liability 

Remeasurement of common stock to 
 redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of common 
 stock to redemption value 

Reduction of deferred underwriter fees 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements . 

F-5 

ADIT EDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net 
 provided by (cash used) in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Interest earned on cash and marketable 
 securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Accrued offering costs and expenses 

Cash held in Trust for redeemed shares 

Common stock to be redeemed 

Due to related party 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment held in Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn for redemptions, net 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise tax and income taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from Initial Public Offering, net of underwriters fees 

Proceeds from private placement 

Payments of offering costs 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note to related party 

Redemption of common stock, net 

Payment of promissory note to related party 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning 

Cash Ending 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Deferred underwriting commissions charged to additional paid-in capital 

Initial value of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor loan 

Modification to Private Placement Warrants to qualify as liability 

Reduction of deferred underwriting fee payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F-6 

ADIT EDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 wholly owned subsidiary, ADEX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company incorporated on November 24, 2021. There has been no activity since inception. 
 The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 
 The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from October 15, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering IPO ), which is described below, and since the closing of the IPO, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination (see Note 7). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the IPO and change in the fair value of its Private Placement Warrants derivative liability. 
 The Company s sponsor is Adit EdTech Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). 
 Financing 
 The registration statements for the Company s IPO were declared effective on January 11, 2021. On January 14, 2021, the Company consummated the IPO of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of Private Placement Warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating total gross proceeds of . 
 The Company granted the underwriters in the IPO a -day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On January 19, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full to purchase Units (the Over-allotment Units ), generating aggregate gross proceeds of , and incurred in deferred underwriting fees. Simultaneously with the closing of the sale of the Over-allotment Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 
 Transaction costs amounted to million consisting of million of underwriting discount, million of deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, and million of other offering costs. 
 
 F-7 
 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO, the sale of Over-allotment Units and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were placed in a Trust Account, which were previously held as cash or invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account. To mitigate the risk of the Company being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act), the Company in January 2023 instructed Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of consummation of the Company s initial business combination or liquidation. 
 Initial Business Combination 
 The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption are recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
 The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the then outstanding shares of common stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting to approve the Business Combination are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation , as amended (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares it purchased during or after the IPO in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or do not vote at all. 
 Notwithstanding the above, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 
 
 F-8 
 of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 
 The Company will have until the applicable extension deadline (such date, the extension date ), the latest of which is , if the Company s board of directors approves all six one-month extensions allowed under the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to complete a Business Combination or otherwise (a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem all of the shares of common stock included as part of the Units sold in the IPO and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and in accordance with applicable law, dissolve and liquidate . The current extension date is April 14, 2023. 
 In connection with the stockholders vote at the special meeting of stockholders on December 23, 2022, shares of Common Stock exercised their right to redeem such share for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account for approximately million (approximately per share). 
 The holders of the Founder Shares have agreed to waive liquidation rights with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination prior to the applicable extension deadline . However, if the Sponsor acquired Public Shares in, or acquires Public Shares after , the IPO, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by the applicable extension deadline . The IPO underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 7) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination by the applicable extension deadline and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the IPO price per Unit ). 
 In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay the Company s tax obligation and up to for liquidation expenses, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account (even if such waiver is deemed to be unenforceable) and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 
 
 F-9 
 million in its operating bank account and a working capital deficit of approximately million, excluding approximately million in federal income tax and prepaid franchise tax payable that can be paid using the funds derived from the interest income earned on Trust Account. 
 Prior to the completion of the IPO, the Company s liquidity needs had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of (see Note 5) for the Founder Shares to cover certain offering costs and a loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of (see Note 5). Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO and sale of Private Placement Warrants, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied through the proceeds from the consummation of the sale of Private Placement Warrants not held in the Trust Account. 
 In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or the Company s officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined below) (see Note 5). 
 Going Concern Consideration 
 The Company anticipates that the approximately million in its operating bank account as of December 31, 2022 will not be sufficient to allow the Company to operate for at least the next 12 months, assuming that a Business Combination is not consummated during that time. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern one year from the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements. Management plans to address this uncertainty through loans from its Sponsor, officers, directors or third parties. None of the Sponsor, officers or directors are under any obligation to advance funds to, or to invest in, the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to raise capital or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Further, management has determined that if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by the applicable extension deadline, then the Company will (a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem all of the Public Shares and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and in accordance with applicable law, dissolve and liquidate. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution as well as the Company s working capital deficit raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after the applicable extension deadline. 

F-10 
 t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 F-11 
 . At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has not experienced losses on this account, and management believes that the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 
 
 F-12 
 each time (for a maximum of six one-month extensions) or otherwise (a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than business days thereafter, redeem all of the shares of Common Stock included as part of the units sold in the Company s initial public offering and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and in accordance with applicable law, dissolve and liquidate (the Extension Proposal ). 
 In connection with the stockholders vote at the special meeting of stockholders on December 23, 2022, stockholders representing shares of common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account for approximately million (approximately per share). Following redemptions, the Company has Public Shares outstanding. 

Denominator: 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 
 including common stock subject to redemption 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per 
 ordinary share 

million as a result of the IPO, consisting of approximately million of underwriting discount, approximately million of deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, and approximately million of other offering costs. 
 
 F-13 
 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. of the fair market value of the stock repurchased during the corporation s taxable year, reduced by the fair market value of stock issued during the taxable year. Because the Company is a Delaware corporation and its common stock is traded on the NYSE American, repurchases of the Company s stock will be subject to this excise tax. Recently issued guidance from the Department of the Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service does not exclude the Company s common stock issued in exchange for units of GRIID limited liability company membership units from reducing the value of repurchased stock for this purpose. If the fair market value of the redeemed Public Shares is netted against the fair market value of the Company s common stock issued in connection with the Merger, there should be no liability for the stock repurchase excise tax as a result of the redemption of Public Shares. 
 
 F-14 
 
 Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock and one-half of one warrant to purchase one share of common stock Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. 
 On January 14, 2021, an aggregate of per Unit sold in the IPO was held in the Trust Account and will be held as cash or invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act. The Company in January 2023 instructed Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of consummation of the Company s initial business combination or liquidation. 
 On January 19, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full to purchase Units. Following the closing of the IPO on January 14, 2021 and the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option on January 19, 2021, was held in the Trust Account. shares were tendered for redemption. 
 Accordingly, at December 31, 2022, shares of common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value of per share, as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 
 
 F-15 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Redemptions 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement (the Private Placement ). 
 On January 19, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full to purchase Units. Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the overallotment option, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of . 
 Each Private Placement Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. The proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination by the applicable extension deadline, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 
 On December 23, 2021, the Company amended the warrant agreement entered into on January 11, 2021 with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation, as warrant agent, to modify certain provisions to conform with applicable disclosure contained in the Company s final prospectus filed with the SEC on January 13, 2021. Pursuant to the amended Private Placement Warrant agreement, a Private Placement Warrant will not be redeemable by the Company for so long as it is held by its initial purchaser or a permitted transferee of such purchaser. After giving effect to the amended Private Placement Warrant agreement, the Private Placement Warrants qualify for liability classification. The difference in the aggregate fair value of the Private Placement Warrants immediately before and after the modification was recognized as an equity issuance cost and charged to additional paid-in capital. to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration of shares of the Company s common stock (the Founder Shares ). On October 27, 2020, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to each of the Company s independent directors and Founder Shares to each of the Company s industry advisors at their original purchase price (the Sponsor, independent directors and industry advisors being defined herein collectively as the initial stockholders ). On January 11, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of shares with respect to the common stock, resulting in the initial stockholders holding an aggregate of Founder Shares (up to of which are subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor 
 
 F-16 
 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the IPO. On January 19, 2021, the underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full hence, the Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 
 The Sponsors and the Company s directors and officers have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 
 Transactions with Company Officers 
 On April 17, 2021, Griid Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GRIID ), entered into an engagement letter and an incentive unit award agreement (together, the consulting agreements with Deucalion Partners, LLC, an entity affiliated with John D Agostino, the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the consulting agreements, GRIID agreed to pay to such entity and grant such entity units representing a profits interest in GRIID. 
 Due to Related Parties 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, one related party paid or is obligated to pay an aggregate of approximately and , respectively, on behalf of the Company to pay for deferred administrative service fees and operating costs. 
 Promissory Note Related Party 
 On October 23, 2020, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of . , (ii) the consummation of the IPO, (iii) the abandonment of the IPO and (iv) an Event of Default (as defined in the Promissory Note). As of December 31, 2020, the Company had borrowed under the Promissory Note. On July 28, 2021, the Company repaid to the Sponsor under the Promissory Note. There was outstanding balance under the Promissory Note as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 On August 6, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor in connection with a Working Capital Loan (as defined below) made by the Sponsor to the Company pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to in the aggregate (the New Promissory Note ). The note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) the applicable extension deadline or (ii) the effective date of a Business Combination. Any amounts outstanding under the note are convertible into warrants, at a price of per warrant at the option of the Sponsor, the terms of which shall be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company borrowed and under the note, respectively. On March 12, 2023, the Company issued an amended and restated promissory note to the Sponsor. The amended and restated promissory note increases the maximum aggregate amount of advances and readvances permitted from to . 
 
 F-17 
 of notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a Working Capital Loan was outstanding in the amount of and respectively, under the New Promissory Note, as detailed under the heading Promissory Note Related Party. 
 Administrative Service Fee 
 The Company entered into an agreement whereby, commencing on January 11, 2021, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor an amount up to a total of per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, under such agreement, the Company incurred , in total, which is included due to related party on the accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, under such agreement, the Company incurred and paid in total. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. 

December 31, 

Quoted 
 Prices In 
 Active 
 Markets 

Significant 
 Other 
 Observable 
 Inputs 

Significant 
 Other 
 Unobservable 
 Inputs 

2021 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 

Cash and securities held in Trust Account 
 As of December 31, 2022, investment in the Company s Trust Account consisted of approximately 25.0 million, in cash. As of December 31, 2021, investment in the Company s Trust Account consisted of approximately in U.S. Money Market funds and approximately million, in U.S. Treasury securities. The Company classifies its U.S. treasury securities as held-to-maturity in accordance with ASC 320, Investments Debt and Equity Securities. Held-to-maturity treasury securities are recorded at amortized cost and adjusted for the amortization or accretion of premiums or discounts. The Company considers all investments with original maturities of more than but less than to be short-term investments. The carrying value approximates the fair value due to its short-term maturity. 
 
 F-18 

Carrying 
 Value/Amortized 
 Cost 

Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 

Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Losses 

Fair Value as of 
 December 31, 
 2021 

U.S. Money Market 

U.S. Treasury Securities 

Warrant liability - Private Placement Warrants 
 The estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants was determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a Monte-Carlo simulation model are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility (pre-merger and post-merger), expected term, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock based on management s understanding of the volatility associated with instruments of other similar entities. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the Private Placement Warrants. The expected life of the Private Placement Warrants is simulated based on management assumptions regarding the timing and likelihood of completing a Business Combination. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates to remain at zero. The assumptions used in calculating the estimated fair values represent the Company s best estimate. However, inherent uncertainties are involved. If factors or assumptions change, the estimated fair values could be materially different. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Stock price 

Dividend yield 

Exercise price 

F-19 

Risk-free interest rate 

Stock price 

Dividend yield 

Exercise price 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

, requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 
 Underwriting Agreement 
 The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or in the aggregate. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or . 
 On December 6, 2022, the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. EarlyBird entered into an amendment (the Amendment to the Underwriting Agreement. Among other things, the amendment reduced the amount of the deferred underwriting commission payable to EarlyBird to , which amount, together with reimbursement of EarlyBird s legal expenses in an amount not to exceed (the Expense Reimbursement ), will be payable as follows: (i) upon the closing of the Company s initial business combination, in an amount equal to the lesser of (A) plus the Expense Reimbursement and (B) the balance of the Company s Trust Account, after all amounts payable in connection with stockholder redemptions have been so paid and (ii) the remainder pursuant to a convertible promissory note to be made by the surviving company of the Company s initial business combination upon the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022, amount in Expense Reimbursement has been incurred. If the Company does not consummate an initial business combination, no deferred underwriting commission will be payable to EarlyBird. The Amendment also provides customary registration rights to EarlyBird for the shares of common stock of the Maker issuable upon conversion of the Note. 

F-20 
 to additional paid-in capital in relation to the reduction of the deferred underwriter fee in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the deferred underwriting fee payable is and , respectively. 
 
 Merger Agreement 
 
 On November 29, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Initial Merger Agreement by and among the Company, ADEX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned direct subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and GRIID. On December 23, 2021 , October 17, 2022, and February 8, 2023, the parties to the Initial Merger Agreement amended the Initial Merger Agreement (as so amended, the Merger Agreement ). 
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the closing of the Merger (the Closing ), the limited liability company membership interests of Merger Sub will be converted into an equivalent limited liability company membership interest in GRIID, and each limited liability company membership unit of GRIID that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will automatically be converted into and become the right to receive such unit s proportionate share, as determined in accordance with the Merger Agreement, of shares of the Company s common stock. 
 Vendor Agreements 
 On August 17, 2021, the Company entered into a master services agreement (the Evolve Agreement with Evolve Security, LLC Evolve for cybersecurity due diligence services related to the Merger. Under the Evolve Agreement, the Company paid Evolve . 
 On August 17, 2021, the Company entered into an engagement letter (the Edelstein Letter with Edelstein & Company, LLP Edelstein for accounting due diligence services related to the Merger. Under the Edelstein Letter, Edelstein estimated its fees payable by the Company to be . 
 On August 17, 2021, the Company entered into an engagement letter (the Lincoln Letter with Lincoln International LLC Lincoln for fairness opinion services related to the Merger. Under the Lincoln Letter, Lincoln will be entitled to receive a fee in the amount of plus expenses upon the consummation of the Merger. 
 On August 18, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement (the Consulting Agreement with Arthur D. Little LLC ADL for technical and commercial due diligence services related to the Merger. Under the Consulting Agreement, ADL will receive a contingent fee in the amount of plus expenses upon the consummation of the Merger. 
 On September 13, 2021, the Company entered into an engagement letter (the M&A Engagement Letter with Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Wells ), pursuant to which Wells would serve as financial advisor in connection with contemplated acquisitions made by the Company. Under the M&A Engagement Letter, Wells would receive upon the consummation of a Business Combination, which amount would be offset against any amounts to which Wells is entitled under the Capital Markets Engagement Letter (as defined below) , and would be entitled to of any break-up fee the Company receives upon the termination of a business combination agreement. On May 26, 2022, Wells resigned from its role as financial advisor and waived all rights to any fees and compensation in connection with such role. 
 On September 14, 2021, the Company entered into engagement letters relating to a private investment in public equity PIPE financing (the PIPE Engagement Letter and capital markets advisory services (the Capital Markets Engagement Letter ), each with Wells. Under the PIPE Engagement Letter, Wells would receive a contingent fee equal to of the gross proceeds of securities sold in the PIPE plus expenses. The Company will be obligated to pay an additional if the gross proceeds of securities sold in a PIPE is above . Under the Capital Markets Engagement Letter, Wells would receive upon the consummation of a Business Combination. On May 26, 2022, Wells resigned from its role as capital markets advisor and lead placement agent and waived all rights to any fees and compensation in connection with such roles . 
 
 F-21 
 million of the Company s shares of common stock (the Shares ). 
 
 Upon the initial satisfaction of the conditions to the Purchaser s obligation to purchase Shares set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement, the Company will have the right, but not the obligation, from time to time at its sole discretion during the 36-month period from and after the first day on which the Shares are publicly listed on a securities exchange, to direct the Purchaser to purchase up to a specified maximum amount of Shares as set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement. In connection with the execution of the Share Purchase Agreement, GRIID agreed to pay to the Purchaser in installments in connection with placements of Shares under the Share Purchase Agreement a million commitment fee (the Commitment Fee payable in Shares or cash, as consideration for the Purchaser s irrevocable commitment to purchase the Shares upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement. Also, GRIID will be obligated to issue to the Purchaser a warrant (the Warrant ), expiring on the third anniversary of the public listing date of the continuing company of the Merger, to purchase of the total equity interests (on a fully diluted basis) outstanding immediately after the completion of the Merger, at an exercise price per Share equal to the lesser of: (i) the closing bid price of the Company s Shares as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on September 9, 2022 and (ii) of the closing price of the Shares on the public listing date. Additionally, pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, GRIID would be obligated to pay a private transaction fee of of the total consideration paid in a private Business Combination transaction with a counterparty that was introduced to GRIID by the Purchaser or an affiliate of the Purchaser in the event that GRIID consummates such a transaction in lieu of the Merger or any other Business Combination transaction the result of which is GRIID continuing as a publicly listed company. 
 
 Blockchain Settlement and Release Agreement 
 
 On October 9, 2022, the Company entered into a settlement and release agreement with GRIID and its affiliates and Blockchain and certain of its affiliates (the Blockchain Settlement and Release Agreement ), pursuant to which Blockchain waived any potential defaults under the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between GRIID and Blockchain, dated November 19, 2021 (the Prior Credit Agreement and the parties agreed to release each other from any claims related to the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share., There were and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, including and shares of common stock subject to possible redemption, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 F-22 
 days after the completion of a Business Combination. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares of common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. 
 If the Company s common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to maintain in effect a registration statement, but it will be required to use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

in whole and not in part 

at a price of per warrant 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. 
 The Company has established the last of the redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is, at the time of the call, a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and the Company issues a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the common stock may fall below the redemption trigger price as well as the (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 
 If the Company calls the warrants for redemption as described above, management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant including the holders (other than the original holders) of the Private Placement Warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, management will consider, among other factors, the Company s cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on the stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. If management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date 
 
 F-23 
 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the common stock during the 10 trading day period starting on the trading day prior the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

Federal net operating loss carryforwards 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

F-24 

Deferred 

) 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income, which do not expire , respectively . 
 In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was an increase of and , respectively. 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Change in fair value of warrants 

- 

Acquisition related expenses 

- 

Change in valuation allowance 

- 

Effective tax rate 

In certain cases, the Company s uncertain tax positions are related to tax years that remain subject to examination by the relevant tax authorities. The Company files federal and state income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. The 2021 through 2022 tax years generally remain subject to examination by federal and state tax authorities. 

F-25 
 (representing per public share per month) into the Company s Trust Account on behalf of the Company. This deposit was loaned to the Company pursuant to a promissory note issued by the Company to GRIID Infrastructure on January 13, 2023. The Extensions are the first, second and third of one-month extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents and provides the Company with additional time to complete its initial business combination. 
 
 Loans may be made under the above note in an aggregate principal amount of up to . Currently, the outstanding principal amount under the Note is . Interest will accrue on the outstanding principal amount of the Note at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Federal Rate set forth by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to Section 1274(d) of the Internal Revenue Code. The Note has a maturity date of the earlier of (i) any determination by the Company s board of directors to liquidate the Company and (ii) the effective date of the merger involving Griid Holdco LLC and the Company pursuant to the Merger Agreement. The failure to timely repay outstanding amounts under the Note within five days of the maturity date or the occurrence of certain liquidation and bankruptcy events constitute an event of default under the Note and could result in acceleration of the Company s repayment obligations thereunder. 
 
 On February 7, 2023, the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE notified the Company that trading in the Company s common stock, units and warrants had been halted, as the Company no longer satisfied the continued listing standard of the NYSE requiring the Company to maintain an average aggregate global market capitalization attributable to its publicly held shares over a consecutive 30 trading day period of at least . On February 13, 2023, the Company was approved for listing on the NYSE American LLC (the NYSE American and its common stock, units and warrants began trading on the NYSE American on February 16, 2023. 

F-26 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 adex-ex31_109.htm
 EX-3.1

adex-ex31_109.htm

Exhibit 3.1 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 OF 
 ADIT EDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 
 Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the 
 Delaware General Corporation Law 
 Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp., a corporation existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation ), by its President, hereby certifies as follows: 
 1. The name of the Corporation is Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp. 
 2. The Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation was filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 15, 2020. 
 3. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (this Amended and Restated Certificate restates, integrates and amends the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation. 
 4. This Amended and Restated Certificate was duly adopted by joint written consent of the directors and stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with the applicable provisions of Sections 141(f), 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL ). 
 5. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby amended and restated to read in full as follows: 
 ARTICLE I 
 NAME 
 The name of the corporation is Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp. (the Corporation ). 
 ARTICLE II 
 REGISTERED AGENT 
 The registered office of the Corporation is to be located at c/o PHS Corporate Services, Inc., 1313 N. Market Street, Suite 5100, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801. The name of its registered agent at that address is PHS Corporate Services, Inc. 
 ARTICLE III 
 PURPOSE 
 The purpose of the Corporation shall be to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL. In addition to the powers and privileges conferred upon the Corporation by law and those incidental thereto, the Corporation shall possess and may exercise all the powers and privileges that are necessary or convenient to the conduct, promotion or attainment of the business or purposes of the Corporation including, but not limited to, an initial Business Combination (as defined below). 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 CAPITALIZATION 
 Section 4.1. Authorized Capital Stock . The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 101,000,000 shares, consisting of (a) 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value of 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), and (b) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value of 0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock ). 
 Section 4.2. Common Stock . 
 (a) Except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation (as defined herein)), the holders of the Common Stock shall exclusively possess all voting power with respect to the Corporation. 
 (b) Except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders on which the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to vote; provided , however , the holders of Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any amendment to any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation) or pursuant to the DGCL. 
 (c) There shall be no cumulative voting. 
 (d) The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by (in addition to any vote of the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock that may be required by the terms of this Amended and Restated Certificate or any Preferred Stock Designation) the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of capital stock of the Corporation representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL. 
 Section 4.3. Preferred Stock . The board of directors of the Corporation (the Board is expressly granted authority to issue shares of the Preferred Stock, in one or more series, and to fix for each such series such voting powers, full or limited, and such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board providing for the issue of such series and included in a certificate of designation filed pursuant to the DGCL (a Preferred Stock Designation and as may be permitted by the DGCL. The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, without a separate vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock, or any series thereof, unless a vote of any such holders is required pursuant to any Preferred Stock Designation. 
 Section 4.4. Dividends . Subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions (payable in cash, property or capital stock of the Corporation) when, as and if declared thereon by the Board from time to time out of any assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and distributions. 
 
 Section 4.5. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up of the Corporation . Subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them. 
 
 Section 4.6. Rights and Options . The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to acquire from the Corporation any shares of its capital stock of any class or classes, with such rights, warrants and options to be evidenced by or in instrument(s) approved by the Board. The Board is empowered to set the exercise price, duration, times for exercise and other terms and conditions of such rights, warrants or options; provided , however , that the consideration to be received for any shares of capital stock issuable upon exercise thereof may not be less than the par value thereof. 
 ARTICLE V 
 INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION REQUIREMENTS 
 Section 5.1. General . The provisions of this Article V shall apply during the period commencing upon the filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate and terminating upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination (defined below) and no amendment to this Article V shall be effective during the Target Business Acquisition Period (defined below) unless approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Corporation seeks to amend any of the foregoing provisions other than in connection with an initial Business Combination, the Corporation will provide holders of IPO Shares (defined below) with the opportunity to convert their IPO Shares in connection with any such vote as described in Section 5.11 below. The Target Business Acquisition Period shall mean the period from the effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission Commission in connection with the Corporation s initial public offering IPO up to and including the first to occur of (a) an initial Business Combination or (b) the Termination Date (defined below). 
 Section 5.2. Minimum Value of Target . So long as the Corporation s securities are listed on a national securities exchange, the operating business or businesses (the Target Business or Target Businesses acquired in an initial Business Combination must together have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (defined below), excluding any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account, at the time of the signing of the definitive agreement governing the terms of the initial Business Combination. If the Corporation acquires less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a Target Business, the portion of such Target Business that the Corporation acquires is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. 
 The fair market value for purposes of this Section 5.2 will be determined by the Board based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). If the Board is unable to independently determine the fair market value of the Target Business, the Corporation will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 
 
 Section 5.3. Proxy Solicitation or Tender Offer . Prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall either (a) submit such initial Business Combination to its stockholders for approval Proxy Solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), or (b) provide all holders of its Common Stock with the opportunity to sell their shares to the Corporation, effective upon consummation of the initial Business Combination, for cash through a tender offer Tender Offer pursuant to the tender offer rules promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 Section 5.4. Vote Required for Stockholder Approval . If the Corporation engages in a Proxy Solicitation in connection with any proposed initial Business Combination, the Corporation will consummate such initial Business Combination only if (a) a majority of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting to approve the initial Business Combination are voted for the approval of such initial Business Combination, and (b) the Redemption Limitation is not exceeded. 
 Section 5.5. Redemption Rights in an Approved Initial Business Combination . In the event that an initial Business Combination is approved in accordance with the above Section 5.4 and is consummated by the Corporation, any holder of shares of Common Stock sold in the IPO (the IPO Shares may demand that the 
 
 Corporation convert such holder s IPO Shares into cash. If so demanded, the Corporation shall, promptly after consummation of the initial Business Combination, convert such shares into cash at a per share price equal to the quotient determined by dividing (a) the amount then held in the Trust Account (defined below) including any interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account not previously released to the Corporation and net of taxes payable, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, by (b) the total number of IPO Shares then outstanding (such price being referred to as the Conversion Price provided , however , that the Corporation shall not redeem or repurchase IPO Shares to the extent that such redemption would result in the Corporation s failure to have net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule), after payment of the deferred underwriting commission, in excess of 5 million or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement upon consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination which may be contained in the agreement relating to the initial Business Combination (such limitation, the Redemption Limitation ). Trust Account shall mean the trust account established by the Corporation at the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO and simultaneous private placement is deposited, all as described in the Registration Statement. The Corporation may require any holder of IPO Shares who demands that the Corporation convert such IPO Shares into cash to either tender such holder s certificates to the Corporation s transfer agent at any time prior to the vote taken at the stockholder meeting relating to such initial Business Combination or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System at any time prior to the vote taken at the stockholder meeting relating to such initial Business Combination, with the exact timing of the delivery of the IPO Shares to be set forth in the proxy materials relating to such initial Business Combination. If the Corporation offers to redeem the IPO Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination pursuant to a Proxy Solicitation, a holder of IPO Shares, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), shall be restricted from seeking the redemption rights set forth in this Section 5.5 with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the IPO Shares without the prior consent of the Corporation. 
 Section 5.6. Redemption Rights in a Tender Offer . If the Corporation engages in a Tender Offer, the Corporation shall file tender offer documents with the Commission which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination as is required under the proxy rules promulgated under the Exchange Act and that would have been included in any proxy statement filed with the Commission in connection with a Proxy Solicitation, even if such information is not required under the tender offer rules promulgated under the Exchange Act. The per-share price at which the Corporation will repurchase the IPO Shares in any such Tender Offer shall be equal to the Conversion Price. The Corporation shall not purchase any shares of Common Stock other than IPO Shares in any such Tender Offer. If the Corporation conducts a Tender Offer pursuant to this Section 5.6 , the Corporation shall consummate the proposed initial Business Combination only if the Redemption Limitation is not exceeded. 
 
 Section 5.7. Redemption Rights after the Termination Date . In the event that the Corporation does not consummate an initial Business Combination by the 24-month anniversary of the consummation of the IPO (the Termination Date ), the Corporation shall (a) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up, (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the IPO Shares for cash for a redemption price per share equal to the amount then held in the Trust Account, including the interest earned thereon not previously released to the Corporation, less any income or other taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, divided by the total number of IPO Shares then outstanding (which redemption will completely extinguish such holders rights as stockholders, including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to approval of the Corporation s then stockholders and subject to the requirements of the DGCL, including the adoption of a resolution by the Board pursuant to Section 275(a) of the DGCL finding the dissolution of the Corporation advisable and the provision of such notices as are required by said Section 275(a) of the DGCL, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of clauses (b) and (c) above) to the Corporation s obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. 
 Section 5.8. Distributions from the Trust Account . A holder of IPO Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account only in the event (a) such holder demands conversion of such holder s shares in accordance with Section 5.5 above in connection with any Proxy Solicitation, (b) such holder sells such holder s 
 
 shares to the Corporation in accordance with Section 5.6 above in connection with any Tender Offer, (c) that the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination by the Termination Date, or (d) the Corporation seeks to amend the provisions of this Article V prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination as described in Section 5.1 . In no other circumstances shall a holder of IPO Shares have any right or interest of any kind in or to the Trust Account. 
 Section 5.9. Transactions with Affiliates . The Corporation shall not consummate an initial Business Combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of the Corporation s officers, directors or the Sponsor (as defined herein) unless the Corporation, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, has obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial Business Combination is fair to the Corporation (or its stockholders) from a financial point of view. 
 Section 5.10. No Transactions with Other Blank Check Companies . The Corporation shall not enter into an initial Business Combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 
 Section 5.11. Additional Redemption Rights . If, in accordance with Section 5.1 , any amendment is made to this Amended and Restated Certificate to modify the substance or timing of the Corporation s obligation to provide for the redemption of the IPO Shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of the IPO Shares if the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the 24 months from the closing of the IPO or with respect to any other material provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate relating to stockholder s rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, the holders of IPO Shares shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their IPO Shares upon the approval of any such amendment, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding IPO Shares. The Corporation s ability to provide such opportunity is subject to the Redemption Limitation. 
 
 Section 5.12. Issuances of Securities . Prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, the Board may not issue (a) any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into Common Stock, or (b) any securities which participate in or are otherwise entitled in any manner to any of the proceeds in the Trust Account or which vote as a class with the Common Stock on any matter. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 
 Section 6.1. Section 203 of the DGCL . The Corporation will not be subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. 
 Section 6.2. Limitations on Business Combinations . Notwithstanding Section 6.1 , the Corporation shall not engage in any Business Combination (as defined below), at any point in time at which the Corporation s Common Stock is registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, with any interested stockholder (as defined below) for a period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: 
 (a) prior to such time, the Board approved either the Business Combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 
 (b) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock (as defined below) of the Corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned by (i) persons who are directors and also officers of the Corporation or (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 
 (c) at or subsequent to such time, the Business Combination is approved by the Board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 Section 6.3. Definitions . For the purposes of this Article VI : 
 (a) affiliate means a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, another person. 
 (b) associate , when used to indicate a relationship with any person, means: (i) any corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity of which such person is a director, officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the owner of 20 or more of any class of voting stock, (ii) any trust or other estate in which such person has at least a 20 beneficial interest or as to which such person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity, and (iii) any relative or spouse of such person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same residence as such person. 
 (c) Business Combination , when used in reference to the Corporation and any interested stockholder, means: 
 (i) any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation (A) with the interested stockholder, or (B) with any other corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity if the merger or consolidation is caused by the interested stockholder and as a result of such merger or consolidation Section 6.2 is not applicable to the surviving entity; 
 
 (ii) any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions), except proportionately as a stockholder of the Corporation, to or with the interested stockholder, whether as part of a dissolution or otherwise, of assets of the Corporation or of any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation which assets have an aggregate market value equal to 10 or more of either the aggregate market value of all the assets of the Corporation determined on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of all the outstanding stock of the Corporation; 
 (iii) any transaction which results in the issuance or transfer by the Corporation or by any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation of any stock of the Corporation or of such subsidiary to the interested stockholder, except: (A) pursuant to the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities exercisable for, exchangeable for or convertible into stock of the Corporation or any such subsidiary which securities were outstanding prior to the time that the interested stockholder became such, (B) pursuant to a merger under Section 251(g) of the DGCL, (C) pursuant to a dividend or distribution paid or made, or the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities exercisable for, exchangeable for or convertible into stock of the Corporation or any such subsidiary which security is distributed, pro rata to all holders of a class or series of stock of the Corporation subsequent to the time the interested stockholder became such, (D) pursuant to an exchange offer by the Corporation to purchase stock made on the same terms to all holders of said stock, or (E) any issuance or transfer of stock by the Corporation; provided , however , that in no case under items (C)-(E) of this subsection (iii) shall there be an increase in the interested stockholder s proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the Corporation or of the voting stock of the Corporation (except as a result of immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments); 
 (iv) any transaction involving the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series, or securities convertible into the stock of any class or series, of the Corporation or of any such subsidiary which is owned by the interested stockholder, except as a result of immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments or as a result of any purchase or redemption of any shares of stock not caused, directly or indirectly, by the interested stockholder; or 
 (v) any receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit, directly or indirectly (except proportionately as a stockholder of the Corporation), of any loans, advances, guarantees or pledges (other than those expressly permitted in subsections (i)-(iv) above) provided by or through the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary. 
 (d) control , including the terms controlling , controlled by and under common control with , means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting stock, by contract, or otherwise. A person who is the owner of 20 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity shall be presumed to have control of such entity, in the absence of proof by a preponderance of the evidence to the contrary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a presumption of control shall not apply where such person holds voting stock, in good faith and not for the purpose of circumventing this Article VI , as an agent, bank, broker, 
 
 nominee, custodian or trustee for one or more owners who do not individually or as a group have control of such entity. 
 
 (e) interested stockholder means any person (other than the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation) that (i) is the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation, or (ii) is an affiliate or associate of the Corporation and was the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation at any time within the three year period immediately prior to the date on which it is sought to be determined whether such person is an interested stockholder, and the affiliates and associates of such person; provided , however , that the term interested stockholder shall not include (A) the Principal Stockholder or Principal Stockholder Transferees or any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) that includes any Principal Stockholder or Principal Stockholder Transferee or (B) any person whose ownership of shares in excess of the 15 limitation set forth herein is the result of any action taken solely by the Corporation; provided that such person specified in this clause (B) shall be an interested stockholder if thereafter such person acquires additional shares of voting stock of the Corporation, except as a result of further corporate action not caused, directly or indirectly, by such person. For the purpose of determining whether a person is an interested stockholder, the voting stock of the Corporation deemed to be outstanding shall include stock deemed to be owned by the person through application of the definition of owner below but shall not include any other unissued stock of the Corporation which may be issuable pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants or options, or otherwise. 
 (f) owner , including the terms own and owned , when used with respect to any stock, means a person that individually or with or through any of its affiliates or associates: 
 (i) beneficially owns such stock, directly or indirectly; or 
 (ii) has (A) the right to acquire such stock (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise; provided , however , that a person shall not be deemed the owner of stock tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by such person or any of such person s affiliates or associates until such tendered stock is accepted for purchase or exchange; or (B) the right to vote such stock pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding; provided , however , that a person shall not be deemed the owner of any stock because of such person s right to vote such stock if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such stock arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made to ten or more persons; or 
 (iii) has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except voting pursuant to a revocable proxy or consent as described in item (B) of subsection (ii) above), or disposing of such stock with any other person that beneficially owns, or whose affiliates or associates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, such stock. 
 (g) person means any individual, corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity. 
 (h) Sponsor means Adit EdTech Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 (i) stock means, with respect to any corporation, capital stock and, with respect to any other entity, any equity interest. 
 (j) Principal Stockholder means, collectively, (i) the Sponsor, and (ii) any affiliate or successor of the Sponsor. 
 (k) Principal Stockholder Transferee means any Person who acquires voting stock of the Corporation from the Principal Stockholder (other than in connection with a public offering) and who is designated in writing by the Principal Stockholder as a Principal Stockholder Transferee. 
 (l) voting stock means stock of any class or series entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 POWERS OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 Section 7.1. Election . Election of directors need not be by ballot unless the bylaws of the Corporation so provide. 
 Section 7.2. Bylaws . The Board shall have the power, without the assent or vote of the stockholders, to make, alter, amend, change, add to or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation as provided in the bylaws of the Corporation. 
 Section 7.3. Submission for Stockholder Approval/Ratification . The directors in their discretion may submit any contract or act for approval or ratification at any annual meeting of the stockholders or at any meeting of the stockholders called for the purpose of considering any such act or contract, and any contract or act that shall be approved or be ratified by the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Corporation which is represented in person or by proxy at such meeting and entitled to vote thereat (provided that a lawful quorum of stockholders be there represented in person or by proxy), shall be as valid and binding upon the Corporation and upon all the stockholders as though it had been approved or ratified by every stockholder of the Corporation, whether or not the contract or act would otherwise be open to legal attack because of directors interests, or for any other reason. 
 Section 7.4. Classified Board . The Board shall be divided into two classes: Class I and Class II. Only one class of directors shall be elected in each year and each class shall serve a two-year term. Except as the DGCL may otherwise require, in the interim between annual meetings of stockholders or special meetings of stockholders called for the election of directors and/or the removal of one or more directors and the filling of any vacancy in that connection, newly created directorships and any vacancies in the Board, including unfilled vacancies resulting from the removal of directors for cause, may be filled only by the vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, although less than a quorum (as defined in the Corporation s bylaws), or by the sole remaining director. All directors shall hold office until the expiration of their respective terms of office and until their successors shall have been elected and qualified. A director elected to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the director whose death, resignation or removal shall have created such vacancy and until his successor shall have been elected and qualified. 
 Section 7.5. Powers Generally . In addition to the powers and authorities hereinbefore or by statute expressly conferred upon them, the directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation; subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the statutes of Delaware, of this Amended and Restated Certificate, and to any bylaws from time to time made by the stockholders; provided, however, that no bylaw so made shall invalidate any prior act of the directors which would have been valid if such bylaw had not been made. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 LIMITED LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION 
 Section 8.1. Limited Liability . A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (a) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (b) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (c) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (d) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended. Any repeal or modification of this Section 8.1 by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation with respect to events occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification. 
 Section 8.2. Indemnification . The Corporation, to the full extent permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL, as amended from time to time, shall indemnify all persons whom it may indemnify pursuant thereto. Expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative, or 
 
 investigative action, suit or proceeding for which such officer or director may be entitled to indemnification hereunder shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized hereby. 
 ARTICLE IX 
 INSOLVENCY, SALE, LEASE OR EXCHANGE OF ASSETS 
 Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between this Corporation and its creditors or any class of them and/or between this Corporation and its stockholders or any class of them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the application in a summary way of this Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on the application of any receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under Section 291 of Title 8 of the Delaware Code or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under Section 279 of Title 8 of the Delaware Code order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said court directs. If a majority in number representing three fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the case may be, agree to any compromise or arrangement and to any reorganization of this Corporation as a consequence of such compromise or arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to which the said application has been made, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on all the stockholders or class of stockholders, of this Corporation, as the case may be, and also on this Corporation. 
 ARTICLE X 
 EXCLUSIVE FORUM 
 Section 10.1. Exclusive Forum . Subject to the last sentence of this Section 10.1 , and unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or this Amended and Restated Certificate or the bylaws of the Corporation, or (d) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel except any action (i) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (ii) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (iii) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) the provisions of this Section 10.1 will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction, and (B) unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Section 10.2. Foreign Action . If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of Section 10.1 immediately above is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (a) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce Section 10.1 immediately above (a Foreign Enforcement Action ), and (b) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such Foreign Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 
 
 Section 10.3. Deemed Notice and Consent . Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this Article X . 
 ARTICLE XI 
 SEVERABILITY 
 If any provision or provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Amended and Restated Certificate containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (b) the provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Amended and Restated Certificate containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to permit the Corporation to protect its directors, officers, employees and agents from personal liability in respect of their service or for the benefit of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 ARTICLE XII 
 CORPORATE OPPORTUNITY 
 The doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any other analogous doctrine, shall not apply with respect to the Corporation or any of its officers or directors in circumstances where the application of any such doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have as of the date of this Amended and Restated Certificate or in the future. In addition to the foregoing, the doctrine of corporate opportunity shall not apply to any other corporate opportunity with respect to any of the directors or officers of the Corporation unless such corporate opportunity is offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation and such opportunity is one the Corporation is legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for the Corporation to pursue. 

ARTICLE XIII 
 AMENDMENT OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change, add or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by this Amended and Restated Certificate and the DGCL; and except as set forth in Article VIII , all rights, preferences and privileges herein conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other persons by and pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the right reserved in this Article XIII . 
 [Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate to be signed by David L. Shrier, its President, as of the 11th day of January, 2021. 

/s/ David L. Shrier 

David L. Shrier 

President 

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation] 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF 
 ADIT EDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 
 Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp. (the Corporation ), a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), hereby certifies and submits the following Certificate of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment ): 
 FIRST : The name of the Corporation is Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp. 
 SECOND : Article V, Section 5.7 of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Charter is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows: 
 In the event that the Corporation does not consummate an initial Business Combination by the 24-month anniversary of the consummation of the IPO (if not extended, which may be elected by the Board as many as six times for an additional one month-period each time) (the Termination Date ), the Corporation shall (a) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up, (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the IPO Shares for cash for a redemption price per share equal to the amount then held in the Trust Account, including the interest earned thereon not previously released to the Corporation, less any income or other taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, divided by the total number of IPO Shares then outstanding (which redemption will completely extinguish such holders rights as stockholders, including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to approval of the Corporation s then stockholders and subject to the requirements of the DGCL, including the adoption of a resolution by the Board pursuant to Section 275(a) of the DGCL finding the dissolution of the Corporation advisable and the provision of such notices as are required by said Section 275(a) of the DGCL, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of clauses (b) and (c) above) to the Corporation s obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. 
 THIRD : That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the applicable provisions of Sections 141, 211 and 242 of the DGCL on December 23, 2022. 
 FOURTH : The effective date of this Certificate of Amendment shall be upon filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
 Signature page follows 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be signed by David L. Shrier, its President and Chief Executive Officer, this 23 rd day of December, 2022. 

ADIT EDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 

/s/ David Shrier 

Name: David Shrier 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

[ Signature Page to Certificate of Amendment ] 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.6>
 3
 adex-ex46_108.htm
 EX-4.6

adex-ex46_108.htm

Exhibit 4.6 
 
 THIS CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE (THIS NOTE AND THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH IT MAY BE CONVERTED HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE. THESE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE. THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. THE COMPANY AND THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH IT MAY BE CONVERTED MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY TO THE EFFECT THAT ANY SALE OR OTHER DISPOSITION IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 
 ADIT EDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: Not to Exceed 1,000,000 
 (See Schedule A 
 
 Dated as of March 12, 2023 

RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS , Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Maker issued to Adit EdTech Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee that certain Convertible Promissory Note, dated August 6, 2021 (the Original Note pursuant to which the Payee was permitted to make certain advances and readvances in amounts not to exceed a total principal amount of 300,000; 
 
 WHEREAS , prior to the date hereof, the total principal amount of all advances and readvances outstanding under the Original Note was 500,000; and 
 
 WHEREAS , the Maker and the Payee desire to amend and restate the Original Note in its entirety to, among other things, (i) increase the aggregate amount of all advances and readvances permitted to be made by the Payee to the Maker from 300,000 to 1,000,000, and (ii) to amend the Maturity Date (as defined herein). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises, the agreements hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the Maker and the Payee hereby agree that the Original Note is hereby amended, restated and replaced in its entirety by this Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note (this Note to read as follows: 
 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Maker promises to pay to the order of the Payee the principal balance as set forth on Schedule A hereto in lawful money of the United States of America; which schedule shall be updated from time to time by the parties hereto to reflect all advances and readvances outstanding under this Note; provided that at no time shall the aggregate of all advances and readvances outstanding under this Note exceed one million dollars 1,000,000). Any advance hereunder shall be made by the Payee upon receipt of a written request of the Maker, related to ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business of the Maker and the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below), and shall be set forth on Schedule A . Any advance hereunder shall only be made by the Payee as, and to the extent, expenses are incurred or are reasonably expected to be incurred and the amounts of such advance shall be used to pay or repay such expenses. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. 

1. Principal . All unpaid principal under this Note shall be due and payable in full on the earlier of (i) the date on which a definitive decision to liquidate the Maker is made by its board of directors, and (ii) the effective date of a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (the Business Combination (such earlier date, the Maturity Date ), unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined below). Any outstanding principal amount to date under this Note may be prepaid at any time by the Maker, at its election and without penalty; provided , however , that Payee shall have a right to first convert such principal balance pursuant to Section 5 below upon notice of such prepayment. 
 
 2. Interest . No interest shall accrue on the unpaid balance of this Note. 
 
 3. Application of Payments . All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 
 
 4. Events of Default . The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 
 
 (a) Failure to Make Required Payments . Failure by the Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of the date specified above or issue warrants pursuant to Section 5 hereof, if so elected by the Payee. 
 
 (b) Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by the Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of the Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 
 
 (c) Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of the Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of the Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days. 
 
 5. Conversion . 
 
 (a) Optional Conversion . At the option of the Payee, at any time on or prior to the Maturity Date, any amounts outstanding under this Note (or any portion thereof), up to 1,000,000 in the aggregate, may be converted into warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Maker Common Stock at a conversion price (the Conversion Price equal to 1.00 per warrant Warrants ). If the Payee elects such conversion, the terms of such Warrants issued in connection with such conversion shall be identical to the warrants issued to the Payee in the private placement that closed on January 14, 2021 (the Private Placement Warrants in connection with the Maker s initial public offering (the IPO ). Before this Note may be converted under this Section 5 (a) , the Payee shall surrender this Note, duly endorsed, at the office of the Maker and shall state therein the amount of the unpaid principal of this Note to be converted and the name or names in which the certificates for Warrants are to be issued (or the book-entries to be made to reflect ownership of such Warrants with the Maker s transfer agent). The conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of the surrender of this Note and the person or persons entitled to receive the Warrants upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such Warrants as of such date. Each such newly issued Warrant shall include a restricted legend that contemplates the same restrictions as the Private Placement Warrants. The Warrants and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants shall constitute Registrable Securities pursuant to 
 
 that certain Registration Rights Agreement entered into among the Maker, the Payee and certain other security holders named therein dated as of January 11, 2021. 
 
 (b) Remaining Principal . All accrued and unpaid principal of this Note that is not then converted into Warrants, shall continue to remain outstanding and to be subject to the conditions of this Note. 
 
 (c) Fractional Warrants; Effect of Conversion . No fractional Warrants shall be issued upon conversion of this Note. In lieu of any fractional Warrants to the Payee upon conversion of this Note, the Maker shall pay to the Payee an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying the Conversion Price by the fraction of a Warrant not issued pursuant to the previous sentence. Upon conversion of this Note in full and the payment of any amounts specified in this Section 5 (c) , this Note shall be cancelled and void without further action of the Maker or the Payee, and the Maker shall be forever released from all its obligations and liabilities under this Note. 
 
 6. Remedies . 
 
 (a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 4(a) hereof, the Payee may, by written notice to the Maker, declare this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable thereunder, shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 
 
 (b) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 4(b) or 4(c) , the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on the part of the Payee. 
 
 7. Waivers . The Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by the Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to the Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and the Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by the Payee. 
 8. Unconditional Liability . The Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by the Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by the Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without notice to the Maker or affecting the Maker s liability hereunder. 
 
 9. Notices . All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made in writing and delivered (i) personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number as may be designated in writing by such party, or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission; one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service; or five (5) days after mailing if sent by first class registered or certified mail. 

10. Amendment and Restatement . This Note is given in renewal and substitution of the Original Note. This Note renews the obligations evidenced by the Original Note. The Original Note shall, in its entirety, be superseded, amended, and restated by this Note and payment of the indebtedness thereunder shall be governed by this Note as if the aggregate unpaid indebtedness due under the Original Note had been advanced hereunder by Payee. Maker hereby renews and extends its covenant and agreement to pay the indebtedness evidenced by the Original Note, as amended and restated pursuant to this Note, and Maker hereby renews and extends its covenant and agreement to perform, comply with, and be bound by each and every term and provision of the Original Note, as amended and restated by the terms of this Note. 
 
 11. Governing Law . THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED WITHIN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 12. Severability . Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 13. Trust Waiver. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account established in connection with the Maker s IPO, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever; provided , however , that upon the consummation of the Business Combination, the Maker shall repay the principal balance of this Note out of the proceeds released to the Maker from the trust account after payment to holders of the public shares of the Maker in accordance with Section 3 hereof. The foregoing shall bind any permitted assignee or transferee of this Note. 
 
 14. Amendment; Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker and the Payee. 
 15. Successors and Assigns . Subject to the restrictions on transfer in Sections 16 and 17 below, the rights and obligations of the Maker and the Payee hereunder shall be binding upon and benefit the successors, assigns, heirs, administrators and transferees of any party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise) with the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void. 
 
 16. Transfer of this Note or Securities Issuable on Conversion . With respect to any sale or other disposition of this Note or securities into which this Note may be converted, the Payee shall give written notice to the Maker prior thereto, describing briefly the manner thereof, together with (i) except for a Permitted Transfer, in which case the requirements in this clause (i) shall not apply, a written opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Maker in form and substance from counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Maker to the effect that such sale or other distribution may be effected without registration or qualification under any federal or state law then in effect, and (ii) a written undertaking executed by the desired transferee reasonably satisfactory to the Maker in form and substance agreeing to be bound by the restrictions on transfer contained herein. Upon receiving such written notice, reasonably satisfactory opinion, or other evidence, and such written acknowledgement, the Maker, as promptly as practicable, shall notify the Payee that the Payee may sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or such securities, all in accordance with the terms of the note delivered to the Maker. If a determination has been made pursuant to this Section 16 that the opinion of counsel for the Payee, or other evidence, or the written acknowledgment from the desired transferee, is not reasonably satisfactory to the Maker, the Maker shall so notify the Payee promptly after such determination has been made. Each Note thus transferred shall bear a legend as to the applicable restrictions on transferability in order to ensure compliance with the Securities Act, unless in the opinion of counsel for the Maker such legend is not required in order to ensure compliance with the Securities Act. The Maker may issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent in connection with such restrictions. Subject to the foregoing, transfers of this Note shall be registered upon registration on the books maintained for such purpose by or on behalf of the Maker. Prior to presentation of this Note for registration of transfer, the Maker shall treat the 
 
 registered holder hereof as the owner and holder of this Note for the purpose of receiving all payments of principal hereon and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not this Note shall be overdue and the Maker shall not be affected by notice to the contrary. For purposes hereof Permitted Transfer shall have the same meaning as any transfer that would be permitted for the Private Placement Warrants under the Letter Agreement entered into , among the Maker, the Payee and the other parties thereto dated as of January 11, 2021. 
 
 17. Acknowledgment . The Payee is acquiring this Note for investment for its own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof. The Payee understands that the acquisition of this Note involves substantial risk. The Payee has experience as an investor in securities of companies and acknowledges that it is able to fend for itself, can bear the economic risk of its investment in this Note, and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of this investment in this Note and protecting its own interests in connection with this investment. 
 
 [ Signature Page Follows ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written. 

ADIT EDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 
 /s/ David L. Shrier 

Name: 
 
 David L. Shrier 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

[ Signature Page to Convertible Promissory Note ] 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 adex-ex211_6.htm
 EX-21.1

adex-ex211_6.htm

Exhibit 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp. 
 ADEX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 adex-ex311_10.htm
 EX-31.1

adex-ex311_10.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David L. Shrier, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ David L. Shrier 

Name: David L. Shrier 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 adex-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

adex-ex312_8.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John J. D Agostino , certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28 , 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ John J. D Agostino 

Name: John J. D Agostino 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 adex-ex321_7.htm
 EX-32.1

adex-ex321_7.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 28 , 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ David L. Shrier 

Name: David L. Shrier 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 adex-ex322_9.htm
 EX-32.2

adex-ex322_9.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Adit EdTech Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 28 , 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ John J. D Agostino 

Name: John J. D Agostino 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 adex-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 adex-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 adex-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 adex-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 adex-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

