<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230322_10-K_edgar_data_1826667_0001410578-23-000332.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5987786</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>309736</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1010542</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1778428</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1198868</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1571070</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000332.hdr.sgml : 20230322
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322161630
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000332
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MedTech Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001826667
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		IRS NUMBER:				853009869
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39813
		FILM NUMBER:		23753131

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48 MAPLE AVENUE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6462096063

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48 MAPLE AVENUE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000332.txt : 20230322

10-K
 1
 mtac-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: The The The Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). The aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A common stock computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market was as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of 2022. As of March 22 , 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share and shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I 1 Item 1. Business. 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 23 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 25 Item 2. Properties. 25 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 25 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 25 PART II 26 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 26 Item 6. [Reserved]. 27 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 27 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 32 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 32 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 32 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . 32 Item 9B. Other Information . 33 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 33 PART III 34 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 34 Item 11. Executive Compensation . 39 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 40 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 42 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services . 44 PART IV 46 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 46 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 46 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report (as defined below), including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined below) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: our ability to complete our initial business combination, including the TriSalus Business Combination (as defined below); 
 our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses, including TriSalus (as defined below);
 our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;
 our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; our pool of prospective target businesses; our public securities liquidity and trading; the lack of a liquid market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account (as defined below); or our financial performance. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under Item 1A. Risk Factors. Unless otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 2021 Promissory Note are to the unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of 544,000 issued by the Company (as defined below) to the sponsor on December 30, 2021 for Working Capital Loans; 
 ii 

Table of Contents 
 2022 Convertible Promissory Note are to the unsecured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of up to 1,500,000 issued by the Company to the sponsor on May 24, 2022 ;
 
 2022 Extension Note are to the unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of up to 468,821 issued by the Company to the sponsor on December 16, 2022 for the Extension Fund (as defined below); 2022 Promissory Note I are to the unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of up to 400,000 issued by the Company to the sponsor on January 28, 2022; 2022 Promissory Note III are to the unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of up to 1,000,000 issued by the Company to the sponsor on December 16, 2022; ASC are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; ASU are to the FASB Accounting Standards Update; board of directors , board or director are to the board of directors of the Company (as defined below); business combination are to a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; Class A common stock are to our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; Class B common stock are to our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; Combination Period are to the 30-month period, from the closing of the initial public offering (as defined below) to June 22, 2023 (as extended with stockholder approval at the Extension Special Meeting (as defined below), or such earlier date as determined by the board), that the Company has to consummate an initial business combination; common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; Company, our Company, we or us are to MedTech Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation; Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, transfer agent and registrar of our common stock, trustee of our trust account, and warrant agent for our public warrants (as defined below); DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; Extension are to the extension of the date by which Company must consummate its initial business combination from December 22, 2022 to June 22, 2023 at the Extension Special Meeting (as defined below); Extension Contributions are to the agreement by the sponsor, in connection with the Extension, to deposit, or cause the deposit, into the trust account (i) 0.04 for each of the 1,953,422 public shares that were not redeemed in connection with the Extension Special Meeting (which amount was deposited on December 16, 2022) plus (ii) an additional 0.04 for each of the 1,953,422 public shares that were not redeemed in connection with the Extension Special Meeting for each additional calendar month thereafter (commencing on January 22, 2023 and ending on the 22nd day of each subsequent month thereafter, through and including May 22, 2023), or portion thereof, that is needed by the Company to complete an initial business combination until June 22, 2023 (the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination pursuant to the 
 iii 

Table of Contents 
 Extension). For the avoidance of doubt, the maximum aggregate amount of the Extension Contributions shall not exceed 0.24 for each of the 1,953,422 public shares that were not redeemed in connection with the Extension Special Meeting; Extension Funds are to loans by the sponsor of up to 468,821 to the Company in connection with the Extension; Extension Special Meeting are to the 2022 special meeting held on December 12, 2022 in lieu of the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders; FASB are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; FINRA are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; founder shares are to the shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our initial stockholders prior to our initial public offering, and the shares of Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our business combination as described herein (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A common stock will not be public shares (as defined below)); GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; initial public offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on December 22, 2020; initial stockholders are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (or their permitted transferees); Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; IPO Registration Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC (as defined below) on November 30, 2020, as amended, and declared effective on December 17, 2022 (File No 333-251037); JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; Magnetar are to Magnetar Capital LLC. Magnetar Convertible Notes are to the sale and issuance by the Company of up to 50,000,000 of 8.0 senior secured convertible notes to Magnetar concurrently with the closing of the TriSalus Business Combination under a non-binding term sheet between the Company, TriSalus and Magnetar. management or our management team are to our officers and directors; Memic are to Memic Innovative Surgery Ltd., a private company organized under the laws of the State of Israel; Memic Business Combination Agreement are to the Business Combination Agreement we entered into with Memic and Memic Merger Sub (as defined below) on August 12, 2021; Memic Merger Sub are to Maestro Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Memic; MTAC Merger Sub are to MTAC Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company; 
 iv 

Table of Contents 
 Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Stock Market; PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); private placement are to the private placement of warrants that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in the private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units (as defined below) in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and members of our management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares; provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; public warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market), to the private placement warrants if held by third parties other than our sponsor (or permitted transferees), and to any private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers of our private placement warrants or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees); Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; SPACs are to special purpose acquisition companies; sponsor are to MedTech Acquisition Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; Termination Agreement are to the Termination of Business Combination Agreement entered into on March 10, 2022, between the Company, Memic and Memic Merger Sub concerning the termination of the business combination agreement entered into between the parties; TriSalus are to TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation; TriSalus Business Combination are to the proposed business combination transactions involving the Company and TriSalus, including all of the transactions contemplated by the TriSalus Merger Agreement; TriSalus Merger are to the merger of Merger Sub with and into TriSalus (as defined below) with TriSalus surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company; TriSalus Merger Agreement are to the Agreement and Plan of Merger entered into on November 11, 2022 among the Company, TriSalus, and the Merger Sub concerning the TriSalus Merger; TriSalus Registration Statement are to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 initially filed with the SEC on January 6, 2023 (File No. 333-269138), as amended; 
 v 

Table of Contents 
 trust account are to the U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee, that currently holds the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and the private placement warrants as well as the Extension Contributions; units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one-third of one public warrant; warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent they are no longer held by the initial purchaser of the private placement warrants or its permitted transferees; Withum are to WithumSmith+Brown, PC, our independent registered public accounting firm; and Working Capital Loans are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company. 
 vi 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business. We are an early stage blank check company formed on September 11, 2020 as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination. Since our initial public offering (as described below), we have focused our search for an initial business combination on businesses that may provide significant opportunities for attractive investor returns. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we have focused on finding businesses primarily operating in the healthcare sector in the United States and we entered into a business combination agreement with TriSalus on November 11, 2022. Initial Public Offering and Extension of our Combination Period On December 22, 2020, we consummated our initial public offering of 25,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 4,933,333 warrants to our sponsor at a purchase price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 7,400,000. A total of 250,000,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants was placed in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. We originally had up to 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or until December 22, 2022, to consummate an initial business combination. However, at the Extension Special Meeting held on December 12, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from December 22, 2022 to June 22, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors). In connection with the Extension Special Meeting, stockholders holding 23,046,578 public shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As a result, approximately 232.37 million (approximately 10.08 per public share) was removed from the trust account and paid to such holders and approximately 19.70 million remained in the trust account. Following the redemptions, the Company had 1,953,422 public shares outstanding. In connection with the approval of the Extension, the Company issued the 2022 Extension Note to the sponsor, and the sponsor (or one or more of its affiliates, members or third-party designees) provided the Extension Funds to the Company. The 2022 Extension Note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing of the Company s initial business combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate a business combination, the 2022 Extension Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the trust account, if any. The proceeds from the initial payment under the Extension Contributions have been deposited in the trust account in connection with the Extension. It is the job of our sponsor and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Karim Karti, our Chairman, Christopher C. Dewey, our Chief Executive Officer and director, David J. Matlin, our Chief Financial Officer and director, and Robert H. Weiss, our Chief Administrative Officer and Secretary. We must complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. If our initial business combination with TriSalus or another target company is not consummated within the Combination Period, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. Termination of Memic Business Combination Agreement On August 12, 2021, we entered into the Memic Business Combination Agreement with Memic and Memic Merger Sub. On March 9, 2022, we convened and then adjourned, without conducting any other business, a special meeting of stockholders relating to the proposed business combination with Memic and the other transactions contemplated by the Memic Business Combination Agreement. On March 10, 2022, we entered into the Termination Agreement with Memic and Memic Merger Sub, under which the parties agreed to mutually terminate the Memic Business Combination Agreement. The termination of the Memic Business Combination Agreement became effective as of March 9, 2022. 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 As a result of the termination of the Memic Business Combination Agreement, the Memic Business Combination Agreement, along with any Transaction Agreement (as defined in the Memic Business Combination Agreement) entered into in connection therewith, are void and there is no liability under either of the Memic Business Combination Agreement or any Transaction Agreement on the part of any party thereto (including, without limitation, under the SPAC Sponsor Letter Agreement by and among Memic, the sponsor, and the other parties signatory thereto dated August 12, 2021). Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, subject to certain exceptions, the Company, Memic and Memic Merger Sub have also agreed, on behalf of themselves and their respective related parties, to a release of claims relating to the proposed business combination. TriSalus Business Combination TriSalus Merger Agreement On November 11, 2022, the Company entered into the TriSalus Merger Agreement with Merger Sub, and TriSalus under which Merger Sub will merge with and into TriSalus, with TriSalus surviving the TriSalus Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The TriSalus Business Combination is subject to certain closing conditions as summarized below under Conditions to Closing. Upon consummation of the TriSalus Business Combination, the Company will be renamed TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc. Capitalized terms not defined herein, but otherwise used in the following description have the meanings ascribed to them in the TriSalus Merger Agreement. Merger Consideration The aggregate consideration payable to the stockholders of TriSalus at the closing of the TriSalus Business Combination (the Closing is 220,000,000, payable solely in shares of the Company s common stock, valued at 10.00 per share (the Closing Merger Consideration ). Immediately prior to the Closing, the shares of Class A common stock and the warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock issued to the public stockholders that comprise each issued and outstanding unit will be automatically separated, if not already separated prior to such time, and the holder thereof shall be deemed to hold one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one warrant to purchase Class A common stock; provided that any fractional warrants issuable to a holder upon the separation of the units will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants. Following the separation of the units but prior to the Closing, the Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock, and pursuant to the proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be effective immediately prior to the Closing, if approved by the Company s stockholders, Class A common stock and Class B common stock will be reclassified into a single class of common stock. Immediately prior to the Closing, each share of TriSalus issued and outstanding preferred stock will automatically convert into shares of TriSalus common stock (the Preferred Conversion ), and all in-the-money TriSalus warrants that would be exercised or otherwise exchanged in full in accordance with their terms by virtue of the occurrence of the TriSalus Business Combination will be exercised for shares of TriSalus common stock, such that the holders thereof will receive Closing Merger Consideration as holders of TriSalus common stock. TriSalus warrants that are out-of-the-money will be cancelled for no consideration immediately prior to the Closing. At the time of the TriSalus Business Combination, the outstanding options for shares of TriSalus common stock under TriSalus equity plan will be assumed by the Company and converted into options to purchase common stock (the Assumed Equity ). Representations, Warranties and Covenants The TriSalus Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties thereto, including, among other things, covenants with respect to the conduct of the Company and TriSalus during the period between execution of the TriSalus Merger Agreement and the Closing, including the parties agreement not to solicit or enter into any inquiry, proposal or offer, or any indication of interest in making an offer or proposal for an alternative competing transactions. The representations, warranties and covenants made under the TriSalus Merger Agreement will not survive the Closing; provided, however, that any covenants that are to be performed at or after the Closing shall survive until such covenant has been performed or satisfied pursuant to their terms. Each of the Company and TriSalus have agreed to use their commercially reasonable efforts to cause the TriSalus Business Combination to be consummated as soon as practicable. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Post-Closing Board of Directors Prior to the Closing, the parties shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to designate and nominate to the Company s board of directors nine directors, which shall include seven directors designated by TriSalus (with at least a majority of the authorized number of such directors to qualify as independent directors pursuant to Nasdaq listing standards) (the TriSalus Directors ), and two directors as non-executive directors designated solely by the Company (the Company Directors ). Following the Closing, the board of directors will be a classified board with three classes of directors. No Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals Each party also agreed, during the period between the execution of the TriSalus Merger Agreement and continuing until the earlier of its Closing or termination, not to solicit or enter into any alternative competing transactions. Conditions to Closing The Closing is subject to certain conditions, including, among others, that (i) the stockholders of TriSalus and the stockholders of the Company approve the TriSalus Business Combination, (ii) Nasdaq approves for listing the common stock to be issued in connection with the TriSalus Business Combination, (iii) the Company has at least 60,000,000 in Available Closing Acquiror Cash (as defined in the TriSalus Merger Agreement), which amount includes any proceeds or committed amounts from private equity or debt sources, the remaining balance in the Company s trust account (after taking into account stockholder redemptions), minus the payment of up to 6,000,000 of the Company s transaction expenses (subject to potential increases as further described in the TriSalus Merger Agreement) (such amount, the Company Transaction Expenses Cap ), (iv) for the calendar year ending December 31, 2023, either (a) by legislation or application regulatory action, the Transitional Pass through Payment TPT provision applicable to TriSalus TriNav Infusion System will have been extended or a permanent reimbursement code will have been assigned to the TriNav Infusion System as specified in the TriSalus Merger Agreement or (b) use of existing reimbursement codes with respect to the TriNav Infusion System will provide adequate profitability to TriSalus (the Payment Condition ), and (v) the Company has 5,000,001 or more in net tangible assets at the Closing. On December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023 (H.R. 2617) was signed into law and includes an extension to the TPT payment status for certain devices, including the TriNav Infusion System, through December 31, 2023, which satisfied the Payment Condition. Termination The TriSalus Merger Agreement may be terminated prior to the Closing under certain circumstances, including, among others, (i) by written consent of TriSalus and the Company, (ii) by written notice from either the Company or TriSalus, if (A) the Closing has not occurred on or before December 22, 2022, as such date may be extended to match any extension to the Company s last date to consummate an initial business combination under its certificate of incorporation (currently June 22, 2023) obtained by approval of the Company s stockholders (the Outside Date ), unless the terminating party s failure to comply in any material respect with its obligations under the TriSalus Merger Agreement shall have contributed to the failure of the Closing to have occurred on or prior to the Outside Date, (B) the consummation of the TriSalus Business Combination is permanently enjoined, (C) the Company does not obtain stockholder approval of the TriSalus Business Combination at the special meeting at which such approval shall be voted upon, or (D) by March 31, 2023, the Company shall not have obtained commitments for private financing of at least 40,000,000 in support of the TriSalus Business Combination, (iii) by written notice from either the Company or TriSalus, in the event that the other party breaches any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements under the TriSalus Merger Agreement that would result in the failure of the conditions to the Company s or TriSalus obligation to consummate the TriSalus Business Combination and such breach has not been cured by the breaching party within 30 days after receiving notice of such breach, (iv) by TriSalus at any time prior to the approval of the TriSalus Business Combination by the Company s public stockholders, if the board of directors of the Company has made a change in recommendation to its stockholders regarding the TriSalus Business Combination, and (v) by written notice to TriSalus from the Company, if TriSalus does not obtain stockholder approval within 25 days after delivering an information statement regarding the TriSalus Business Combination to its stockholders. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement On the day of Closing, the Company will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the A R RRA with the sponsor, and certain TriSalus stockholders (the Requisite Stockholders, and together with the sponsor, collectively, the Investors ), which, among other things, amends and restates the registration rights agreement entered into by and among the Company and the sponsor at the time of the Company s initial public offering. Pursuant to the terms of the A R RRA, among other things, the Company will be obligated to file, within 45 days of the Closing, a registration statement covering re-sale of the shares of common stock issued or issuable to the Investors. Subject to certain requirements and customary conditions, the A R RRA also provides the Investors with piggyback registration rights and demand registration rights. The A R RRA provides that the Company will pay certain expenses relating to such registration and indemnify the Investors against certain liabilities. Lock-up Agreement In connection with the entry into the TriSalus Merger Agreement, on November 11, 2022, the Requisite Stockholders entered into lock-up agreements (the Lock-up Agreements with the Company, pursuant to which the Requisite Stockholders will not transfer shares of common stock held by them prior to the earliest of (x) three hundred and sixty-five (365) days after the Closing, (y) the date on which the last sales price of common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share, subject to adjustment as provided therein, for any 20 trading days within any 30-consecutive-day trading period commencing at least 150 days after the Closing, and (z) the date following Closing on which the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, tender offer, or similar transaction resulting in all the Company stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities, or other property. Sponsor Support Agreement In connection with the entry into the TriSalus Merger Agreement, on November 11, 2022, the sponsor entered into a support agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement with the Company and TriSalus, pursuant to which the sponsor agreed, among other things, to vote or cause to be voted (or express consent or dissent in writing, as applicable) all its shares of common stock that are entitled to vote to approve and adopt the TriSalus Merger Agreement and the TriSalus Business Combination. The sponsor also agreed (i) not to sell or transfer any of its shares of Common Stock or the Company warrants prior to the Closing, except to affiliates of the sponsor who execute a joinder to the Sponsor Support Agreement or by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection with the consummation of the TriSalus Business Combination, (ii) to assume the transaction expenses of the Company which exceed the Company Transaction Expenses Cap, (iii) to forfeit 2,187,500 shares of common stock (which represents 35 of the sponsor s shares of the Company as of November 11, 2022), and (iv) to subject 3,125,000 of its shares of common stock (which represents 50 of the sponsor s shares of the Company as of November 11, 2022) to certain vesting restrictions as set forth in the Sponsor Support Agreement (it being understood that the undertakings in the foregoing clauses (iii) and (iv) shall be null and void in the event that the Sponsor Support Agreement or TriSalus Merger Agreement is terminated). Stockholder Support Agreements In connection with the entry into the TriSalus Merger Agreement, on November 11, 2022, the Company, TriSalus, and the Requisite Stockholders executed and delivered support agreements (the Stockholder Support Agreements ), pursuant to which each Requisite Stockholder agreed to, among other things, (i) consent to, and vote to approve and adopt, the TriSalus Merger Agreement and the TriSalus Business Combination, (ii) waive any dissenters or approval rights under applicable law in connection with the TriSalus Business Combination, and (iii) not transfer, subject to certain permitted exceptions, any of such stockholder s TriSalus shares prior to the Closing. Raymond James Agreements Raymond James Associates, Inc. Raymond James was originally engaged by the Company to act as sole manager for the IPO and would be entitled to a deferred underwriting fee of 8,750,000 upon the consummation of a business combination. In connection with the entry into the TriSalus Merger Agreement, on November 11, 2022, the Company and Raymond James amended that certain Underwriting Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, pursuant to which, Raymond James agreed to waive the foregoing deferred underwriting fee in its entirety if the TriSalus Business Combination is consummated. Raymond James was separately engaged by the Company to act as its investment banking advisor in connection with a business combination, and will receive customary fees for its 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 services in that role if the TriSalus Business Combination is consummated. The Company also engaged Raymond James to act as sole placement agent for an institutional debt financing that resulted in the Company s entry into the non-binding term sheet with Magnetar (discussed below). In consideration for its services as the Company s investment banking advisor and its services as placement agent, Raymond James will be entitled to receive an aggregate fee ranging between 3 million to 4.5 million from the Company at the Closing plus expense reimbursements, depending on the amount raised in the institutional debt financing with Magnetar and/or other institutional investors, excluding any incremental fee consideration for exercise of the greenshoe. If the Company is unable to consummate the TriSalus Business Combination or is unable to obtain private financing in connection with the TriSalus Business Combination, then Raymond James will not receive any compensation for its investment banking advisory or placement agent services, respectively. Ceros Engagement Agreement In March 2023, the Company and the sponsor engaged Ceros Financial Services, Inc. Ceros to render certain advisory and placement services to the Company. Pursuant to such engagement, the sponsor (and not the Company) would be solely responsible for any and all fees and expenses payable to Ceros, if any, that would arise or accrue prior to, or in connection with, the closing of an initial business combination. Non-Binding Term Sheet In connection with the entry into the TriSalus Merger Agreement, on November 11, 2022, the Company, TriSalus and Magnetar entered into a non-binding term sheet concerning the Magnetar Convertible Notes, which provides for the sale and issuance by the Company of up to 50,000,000 of 8.0 senior secured convertible notes concurrently with the closing of the TriSalus Business Combination. The term sheet, which grants Magnetar the exclusive right to negotiate the foregoing proposed debt financing, provides for the Company to issue 25,000,000 to 50,000,000 of such Magnetar Convertible Notes at the Closing, and grants Magnetar the option to purchase the same principal amount of purchased Magnetar Convertible Notes during the two-year period following the Closing (resulting in the potential issuance of up to 100,000,000 of such Magnetar Convertible Notes). The Magnetar Convertible Notes would have a three-year maturity and would be convertible into shares of our common stock at an initial conversion price of 10.00 per share, with conversion price resets and certain anti-dilution rights, with the conversion feature subject to certain ownership limitations. Other than exclusivity and certain expense reimbursement and indemnity obligations of the Company and TriSalus, the term sheet is non-binding on each of the parties thereto, and the parties obligations to consummate the transactions contemplated therein are subject in all respects to the completion of Magnetar s due diligence process, the negotiation and execution of definitive transaction documents to Magnetar s satisfaction, and the satisfaction of certain other conditions (including, but not limited to, the Payment Condition. On December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023 (H.R. 2617) was signed into law and includes an extension to the TPT payment status for certain devices, including the TriNav Infusion System, through December 31, 2023, which satisfied the Payment Condition. Currently, the amount potentially subject to funding, subject in all respects to the completion of Magnetar s due diligence process, the negotiation and execution of definitive transaction documents to Magnetar s satisfaction, and the satisfaction of certain other conditions, is 25 million. Based upon information set forth in a Schedule 13D/A filed on February 9, 2023, Magnetar Financial LLC, an affiliate of Magnetar, collectively owned with its affiliates an aggregate of 1,145,833 shares of Class A common stock, which represents 58.7 of the Company s issued and outstanding Class A common stock following the Extension Special Meeting. Changes and Additional Information in Connection with SEC Filings In connection with the TriSalus Merger Agreement and proposed TriSalus Business Combination, the Company filed the TriSalus Registration Statement that includes a proxy statement/prospectus of the Company, that is both the proxy statement to be distributed to holders of the Company s common stock in connection with its solicitation of proxies for the vote by the Company s stockholders with respect to the TriSalus Business Combination and other matters, as well as the prospectus relating to the offer and sale of the securities to be issued in the TriSalus Business Combination. The TriSalus Registration Statement is not yet effective. The TriSalus Registration Statement, including the proxy statement/prospectus contained therein, when it is declared effective by the SEC, will contain important information about the TriSalus Business Combination and the other matters to be voted upon at a meeting of the Company s stockholders to be held to approve the TriSalus Business Combination and other matters (the Special Meeting ). The Company may also file other documents with the SEC regarding the TriSalus Business Combination. The Company s stockholders and other interested persons are advised to read, when available, the TriSalus Registration Statement, including the proxy statement/prospectus contained therein, as well as any amendments or supplements thereto, because they will contain important information about the TriSalus Business 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Combination. When available, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to the Company stockholders as of a record date to be established for voting on the TriSalus Business Combination and the other matters to be voted upon at the Special Meeting. The foregoing descriptions of each of the TriSalus Merger Agreement, the form of the A R RRA, the form of the Lock Up Agreement, the Sponsor Letter Agreement, the form of the Amendment to Underwriting Agreement, the form Stockholder Support Agreements, non-binding term sheet concerning Magnetar Convertible Notes, and the 2022 Extension Note, are not complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to such agreements, copies of which are filed with this Report as Exhibits 2.1, 10.14, 10.15, 10.16, 10.17, 10.18 and 10.19, respectively, and the terms of which are incorporated by reference herein. Other than as specifically discussed, this Report does not assume the closing of the TriSalus Business Combination. Business Strategy Our business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a medical technology company in the healthcare sector, including TriSalus. Moreover, we seek an opportunity that complements the experience of our management team and can benefit from their medical technology, operational, financial, and marketing expertise. Our selection process leverages the management team s broad and deep relationships, unique industry experience, and deal sourcing capabilities to access a wide spectrum of opportunities. This network has been developed over the past two decades while serving in executive roles at successful organizations. We believe that our management team will identify a business combination that will benefit from their experience, including: Long history of sourcing, structuring, acquiring, operating, developing, growing, and financing healthcare businesses; Identifying medical technologies that fill unmet needs or shift treatment paradigms to create substantial benefits to the healthcare industry and therefore produce substantial financial value; Significant experience commercializing new medical technologies and systems; Strong marketing and capital allocation decision-making to establish and maintain a recognizable brand; and Sound understanding of public company performance requirements and guiding private-to-public process. Acquisition Criteria Our acquisition strategy leverages our management team s proprietary network of long-standing relationships and industry contacts as well as inbound opportunities to source a business combination. In the event the TriSalus Business Combination is not consummated, consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, including the TriSalus Business Combination, we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that only meets some but not all of these criteria and guidelines. We intend to identify and acquire one or more medical technology businesses that exhibit a number of the following criteria: Developing technology enabled solutions, including robotics, that aid in the diagnosis, cure, monitoring, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of medical conditions or affect the structure or function of the body Innovative surgical interventions, robotics, diagnosis and imaging, drug delivery and patient monitoring, or assistive care and therapy devices Companies at an inflection point where we can use our expertise to expand services and offerings, develop efficiencies and processes, foster growth, and improve financial performance Clear path to commercialization, recently commercialized, or could benefit from our management team s expertise in sales growth 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Differentiated technology protected by robust intellectual property Opportunity to benefit from the leadership and strategic vision of our management team Offers a scientific or other competitive advantage in the markets in which they operate and which can benefit from access to additional capital as well as our management s industry relationships and expertise Would benefit from being publicly traded and having access to incremental growth capital These criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, criteria, and guidelines that our management may deem relevant. In addition to any potential business candidates we identify on our own, other target business candidates are brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that only meets some but not all of the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet all of the above criteria and guidelines in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC, such as the TriSalus Registration Statement. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed, including the TriSalus Business Combination, will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination. Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective target business such as TriSalus, we conduct an extensive due diligence review which encompasses, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We have utilized and will continue to utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. While TriSalus is not affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors in the event we do not consummate the TriSalus Business Combination and seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Members of our management team directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she then has fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 No members of our management team have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member specifically in his or her capacity as an officer or a director of the company. Members of our management team may be required to present potential business combinations to other entities to whom they have fiduciary duties before they present such opportunities to us. Any knowledge or presentation of such opportunities may therefore present conflicts of interest. Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses, including TriSalus, that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and net of taxes payable) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. Based on the valuation analysis of our management and board of directors, we have determined that, at the time the TriSalus Merger Agreement was entered into, the fair market value of TriSalus was in excess of 80 of the funds in the trust account and that the 80 test was therefore satisfied. In the event the TriSalus Merger is not consummated, we anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may however, structure our initial business combination in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 of fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as our initial business combination for purposes of seeking stockholder approval or conducting a tender offer, as applicable. The net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants released to us from the trust account upon the closing of our initial business combination may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemption of our public shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. In addition, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination to be used following the closing for general corporate purposes as described above. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following consummation of our initial public offering. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. None of our sponsor, officers, directors 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination to fund our working capital needs and transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, following our initial public offering and prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will be prohibited from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to receive funds from the trust account or vote on any initial business combination, on any pre-business combination activity or on any amendment to Article IX of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our Management Team Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member of our management team devotes in any time period varies based on the stage of the initial business combination process that we are in. We believe our management team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses and market and other uncertainties in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following December 22, 2025, the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Financial Position With funds available for an initial business combination in the amount of approximately 19,827,884 as of December 31, 2022, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations other than the pursuit of our initial business combination, for an indefinite period of time following our initial public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemption of our public shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we are targeting businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, following our initial public offering and prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will be prohibited from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to receive funds from the trust account or vote on any initial business combination, on any pre-business combination activity or on any amendment to Article IX of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. For more information on the TriSalus Business Combination and the equity and financing arrangements associated therewith, please see TriSalus Business Combination above. Sources of Target Businesses Target business candidates are brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals. Target businesses also are brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read the prospectus for our initial public offering and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor and its affiliates, also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows, conferences or conventions. In addition, we have received a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their respective industry and business contacts as well as their affiliates. While we have not and do not anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which our officers or directors are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the Company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Although none of our executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination, we do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. We accrue 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support payable to our sponsor. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. While TriSalus is not affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, in the event we do not consummate the TriSalus Business Combination, and we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination In accordance with the rules of Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses , including TriSalus, that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and net of taxes payable) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 of fair market value test. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective business target, we conduct a due diligence review, which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent ownership, management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that is available to us. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination with a target such as TriSalus Business Combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we have and will continue to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business, including the TriSalus management team, when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the management of the prospective target business may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the combined company cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with the combined company following our initial business combination, including the TriSalus Business Combination (in which two directors of the combined company will be designated by the Company), it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule (as is the case in the TriSalus Business Combination, as currently contemplated), or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Whether Stockholder Approval is Type of Transaction Required Purchase of assets No Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company No Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company No Merger of the company with a target Yes Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 Permitted Purchases of Our Securities If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares or warrants our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or any of their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately-negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests tendered by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Such persons would select the stockholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will be made only to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination (including the TriSalus Business Combination) at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. As of December 31, 2022, the amount in the trust account was approximately 10.11 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) without a stockholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq s stockholder approval rules. The requirement that we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above is contained in provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will apply whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. If we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with a stockholder meeting, we will: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the SEC. 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination, like the TriSalus Business Combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As of December 31, 2022, after accounting for the redemption of public shares in connection with the Extensions, the sponsor owns 76.2 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, the sponsor will have the ability, voting on its own, to satisfy quorum requirements and to approve an initial business combination, including the TriSalus Business Combination, and none of our public shares will need to vote in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. We intend to give not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a stockholder on the record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination, which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. We intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public stockholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Delivering Stock Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights As described above, we intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two business days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. In the event the TriSalus Business Combination is not consummated, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until June 22, 2023. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only until June 22, 2023 to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the required time period. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by June 22, 2023. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by June 22, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 153,563 held outside the trust account as of December 31, 2022, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account or Extension Contributions, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to enter into an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to the Company, and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if our management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the Company under the circumstances. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Withum, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our initial public offering will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per share held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable; provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations, and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties, including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations, and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. We seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to the amounts held outside the trust account (153,563 as of December 31, 2022) with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by June 22, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by June 22, 2023, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by June 22, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 24th month after our initial public offering and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest released to us to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by June 22, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination by June 22, 2023, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Employees We have three officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time our officers devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We have registered our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports, including this Report, contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business, such as the TriSalus Business Combination. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following December 22, 2025, the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31,2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an Accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: we are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; we may not complete our initial business combination, including the TriSalus Business Combination, or select and complete our initial business combination with an appropriate alternative target business or businesses in the prescribed time frame; our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses, including TriSalus, may not be realized; we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption; we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; you may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; an active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; because we intend to seek a business combination with a target business in the healthcare industry, we expect our future operations to be subject to risks associated with this industry. changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination; there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination; we may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 we may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company, such as TriSalus, about which little information is publicly available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; our warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination; changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; the value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share; resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the Combination Period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share , or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless; the SEC has recently issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; if we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company; to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, in December 2022, we instructed the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in a demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, we will likely receive less interest on the funds held in the trust account, which will reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders will receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States; recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 a 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed on us in connection with our redemptions of shares in connection with a business combination or other stockholder vote pursuant to which stockholders would have a right to submit their shares for redemption; and there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . For the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our (i) IPO Registration Statement, (ii) our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 filed with the SEC on June 28, 2021,and December 13, 2021, (iv) our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on March 3, 2022, (iv) our quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2021 and (v) our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022, August 10, 2022 and November 10, 2022, respectively, and (vi) our Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on November 7, 2022. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. For risk factors relating to the TriSalus Business Combination, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in the TriSalus Registration Statement initially filed with the SEC on January 6, 2023 (File No. 333-269138), as amended. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. Item 2. Properties. Our executive offices are located at 48 Maple Avenue, Greenwich, CT 06830, and our telephone number is (908) 391-1288. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we accrue for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services payable to our sponsor. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. To the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. (a) Market Information Our units, public shares and public warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols MTACU, MTAC, and MTACW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on December 18, 2020, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on February 8, 2021. (b) Holders On March 22, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our shares of Class A common stock, one holder of record of our shares of Class B common stock, and two holders of record of our warrants. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. None. (e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. (f) Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering For a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our initial public offering, see Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 as filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021, as amended on June 28, 2021. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement as described in the IPO Registration Statement. (g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers In connection with the Extension Special Meeting, stockholders holding 23,046,578 public shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As a result, approximately 232.37 million (approximately 10.08 per public share) was removed from the trust account and paid to such holders and approximately 19.70 million remained in the trust account. Following the redemptions, we had 1,953,422 public shares outstanding. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 The following table contains monthly information about the repurchases of our equity securities for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

(d) Maximum number (or (c) Total number approximate dollar (a) Total of shares (or value) of shares (or number of units) purchased units) that may yet shares (or (b) Average price as part of publicly be purchased under units) paid per share (or announced plans the plans or Period purchased unit) or programs programs October 1 October 31, 2022 November 1 November 30, 2022 December 1 December 31, 2022 23,046,578 10.08 Item 6. [Reserved.] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Overview We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on September 11, 2020 for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our an initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an initial business combination will be successful. Termination of Memic Business Combination Agreement On August 12, 2021, we entered into the Memic Business Combination Agreement with Memic and Memic Merger Sub. On March 9, 2022, we convened and then adjourned, without conducting any other business, a special meeting of stockholders relating to the proposed business combination with Memic and the other transactions contemplated by the Memic Business Combination Agreement. On March 10, 2022, we entered into the Termination Agreement with Memic and Memic Merger Sub, under which the parties agreed to mutually terminate the Memic Business Combination Agreement. The termination of the Memic Business Combination Agreement became effective as of March 9, 2022. As a result of the termination of the Memic Business Combination Agreement, the Memic Business Combination Agreement, along with any Transaction Agreement (as defined in the Memic Business Combination Agreement) entered into in connection therewith, are void and there is no liability under either of the Memic Business Combination Agreement or any Transaction Agreement on the part of any party thereto (including, without limitation, under the SPAC Sponsor Letter Agreement by and among Memic, the sponsor, and the other parties signatory thereto dated August 12, 2021). Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, subject to certain exceptions, the Company, Memic and Memic Merger Sub have also agreed, on behalf of themselves and their respective related parties, to a release of claims relating to the proposed business combination. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 TriSalus Business Combination On November 11, 2022, the Company entered into the TriSalus Merger Agreement with Merger Sub, and TriSalus under which Merger Sub will merge with and into TriSalus, with TriSalus surviving the TriSalus Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The TriSalus Business Combination is subject to certain closing conditions as summarized below under Conditions to Closing. Upon consummation of the TriSalus Business Combination, the Company will be renamed TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc. For a full description of the TriSalus Merger Agreement and the proposed TriSalus Business Combination, please see Item 1. Business. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from September 11, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the initial public offering, and identifying a target company for an initial business combination, including TriSalus. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. Until the Extension Special Meeting, we generated non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and investments held in the trust account. After the Extension Special Meeting, the funds are now held in the trust account is in a demand deposit account held by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and no longer contains marketable securities. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance) as well as identifying and evaluating targets for an initial business combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 5,539,079, which consists of a change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 5,837,332 and interest income on cash and investments held in the trust account of 3,018,726, offset by general and administrative expenses of 2,746,125 and provision for income taxes of 570,854. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 4,767,283, which consists of a change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 7,744,000 and interest income on cash and investments held in the trust account of 63,997, offset by general and administrative expenses of 3,040,714. Liquidity and Going Concern On December 22, 2020, we consummated the initial public offering of 25,000,000 Units at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 4,933,333 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant in the private placement, generating gross proceeds of 7,400,000. Following the initial public offering, the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the private placement warrants, a total of 250,000,000 was placed in the trust account. We incurred 14,161,525 in initial public offering related costs, including 5,000,000 of underwriting fees and 8,750,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 411,525 of other offering costs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 2,736,994. Net income of 5,539,079 was affected by a change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 5,837,332 and interest earned on cash and investments held in the trust account of 3,018,726. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 579,985 of cash for operating activities. For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 1,738,114. Net income of 4,767,283 was affected by a change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 7,744,000 and interest earned on cash and investments held in the trust account of 63,998. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 1,302,600 of cash for operating activities. As of December 31, 2022, we had investments held in the trust account of 19,827,884. Interest income on the balance in the trust account may be used by us to pay taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company withdrew 905,000 of interest income from the trust account to pay for taxes and 232,371,273 in connection with redemption of public shares in connection with the Extension Special Meeting. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less income taxes payable), to complete our business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 153,563. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination, including the TriSalus Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that an initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. On December 30, 2021, we issued the 2021 Promissory Note to the sponsor, pursuant to which we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of 544,000. The 2021 Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and matures upon the closing of our initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 544,000 outstanding under the 2021 Promissory Note. On January 28, 2022, we issued the 2022 Promissory Note, of which 400,000 was funded by the sponsor during the year ended December 31, 2022. The 2022 Promissory Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of our initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 400,000 and 0 outstanding under the 2022 Promissory Note, respectively. On May 24, 2022, we issued the 2022 Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of up to 1,500,000 to the sponsor for working capital requirements and payment of certain expenses in connection with our initial business combination. The 2022 Convertible Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and matures upon the closing of a business combination (in which case we will repay the 2022 Convertible Promissory Note note out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us) or upon our liquidation (in which case we may only repay the 2022 Convertible Promissory Note out of working capital funds held outside the trust account). At the election of the sponsor, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Promissory Note may be converted into that number of warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant, each exercisable for one share of Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 1,341,000 and 0 outstanding under the 2022 Convertible Promissory Note. On December 16, 2022, we issued the 2022 Extension Note in the principal amount of up to 468,821 to the sponsor pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to loan to us and deposit into the trust account the Extension Funds for the public shares that were not redeemed in connection with the Extension. The 2022 Extension Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon the date of the consummation of an initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 39,068 and 0 outstanding under the 2022 Extension Note, respectively. On December 16, 2022, we issued the 2022 Promissory Note III, an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of up to 1,000,000 to the sponsor for working capital purposes, which may be drawn down from time to time upon our request. The 2022 Promissory Note III does not bear interest and the principal amount will not be payable if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the required time period as set forth our amendment and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended from time to time. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no outstanding balance under 2022 Promissory Note III, respectively. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FSB ASU Topic 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have until June 22, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate an initial business combination by this time. If an initial business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should an initial business combination 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to consummate a business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after June 22, 2023. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay the sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of an initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 120,000 in fees for these services. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred 120,000 in fees for these services. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 240,000 and 120,000 included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets to the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report, respectively. The underwriters of the initial public offering are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per unit, or 8,750,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. On November 11, 2022, the Company and Raymond James, the underwriter for the IPO, amended that certain Underwriting Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, pursuant to which, in the event that the TriSalus Business Combination is consummated, the underwriter agreed to waive its right to the deferred underwriting fees and commissions that would have otherwise been payable upon the consummation of the business combination. We incurred legal fees of 508,525 and investment advisory fees of 400,000, which were contingent upon the consummation of the proposed business combination with Memic. On March 12, 2022, the Memic Business Combination Agreement was terminated, as such, the incurred legal and investment advisory fees are no longer due. These fees were never accrued on our balance sheet; therefore, no reversal was required. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting estimates: Use of Estimates The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. One of the more significant accounting estimates included in these financial statements is the determination of the fair value of the warrant liabilities. Such estimates may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. Warrant Liabilities We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The Company accounts for the public warrants and private placement warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC Topic 815-40, Contracts in Entity s Own Equity , under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheets date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the statements of operations. The private placement warrants were initially and subsequently valued using a Monte Carlo Simulation Model. The public warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available were also valued using a Monte Carlo simulation Model. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the public warrants from the units, the public warrant quoted market price was used as the fair value as of each relevant date. Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Shares of Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our Class A common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. Net Income per Common Share Net income per common stock is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding for the period. We have two classes of common stock, which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of common stock. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Recent Accounting Standards In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU Topic 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. We are currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. We have not adopted this guidance as of December 31, 2022. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. Factors That May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations Our results of operations and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Reference is made to pages F-1 through F-25 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the period covered by this Report. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This Report does not include an attestation report of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name Age Position Karim Karti 54 Chairman Christopher C. Dewey 78 Chief Executive Officer and Director David J. Matlin 61 Chief Financial Officer and Director Robert H. Weiss 64 Chief Administrative Officer and Secretary Martin Roche, MD 56 Director Thierry Thaure 60 Director Manuel Aguero 61 Director David L. Treadwell 68 Director The experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: Karim Karti has served as Chairman of our Board since December 2020. Mr. Karti is currently a director and the Chief Executive Officer of iSchemaView, Inc., which operates as RapidAI, an AI digital healthcare company, since January 2022. Mr. Karti is a highly experienced healthcare executive. Mr. Karti was a director of Rockley Photonics (NYSE: RKLY) from August 2021 to March 2023. He was the Chief Operating Officer of iRhythm Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: IRTC), a digital healthcare company, from July 2018 until March 2020, and was instrumental in launching new products and developing alliances with leading industry participants, including Verily Life Sciences, LLC, a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. Mr. Karti previously was an officer of General Electric Company (NYSE: GE) GE ), where he worked for 22 years and most recently served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the GE Healthcare Imaging division from 2016 to 2018. He also served as Chief Marketing Officer for the GE Healthcare division from 2012 to 2015, as well as the President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Healthcare Emerging Markets and GE Healthcare Korea from 2009 to 2012. Mr. Karti initially was a member of the corporate audit and M A teams at GE from 1996 to 2000, and started his career with The Procter Gamble Company (NYSE: PG) in Brand Management in 1993. He received his undergraduate degree from Ecole Centrale de Lyon and completed the entrepreneurship program at Ecole Superieure de Commerce de Lyon in 1992. Our Board has determined that Mr. Karti s significant experience as a public company healthcare executive qualifies him to serve as a member of our Board. Christopher C. Dewey has served as our Chief Executive Officer and director since September 2020. He has significant experience with medical devices and has been a Managing Director of Ceros since 2019. Mr. Dewey was a founding board member of MAKO Surgical Corp. MAKO ), a transformational robotic surgical company, where he served on the board from its founding in 2004 until its 1.65 billion sale to Stryker Corporation in 2013 and held positions on the audit and compensation committees. He was or has been a founding investor and/or board member of many medical technology startups, including: Auris Surgical Robotics, Inc. (board member from 2012 to 2014), PROCEPT BioRobotics Corp., ShockWave Medical, Inc. (Nasdaq: SWAV) (board member from 2011 to 2014), OrthoSensor, Inc. (board member from 2009 to 2014 and 2019 until the sale of the company to Stryker Corporation in 2020), DermaSensor, Inc. (board member from 2011 to present), Heru, Inc. (board observer from 2019 to 2023), Cephea Valve Technologies, Inc. (board member from 2013 to 2019), GI Windows Corp., HistoSonics, Inc., Magic Leap, Inc., Memic Innovative Surgery, Inc. (advisor to the board from 2017 to 2021), MIVI Neuroscience, Inc. (board member from 2018 to present), Potrero Medical, Inc., Pristine Surgical, LLC, TriFlo Cardiovascular Inc. (board member from 2019 to present), and Obvius Robotics, Inc. since March 2021. From 1966 to 1979, Mr. Dewey was a Founder and President of The Cannon Group, Inc. (i.e., Cannon Films), which was the one of the first independent film companies to finance, produce and distribute motion pictures worldwide. He also has had a successful career on Wall Street serving as Executive Vice President and Head of High Yield Sales at Jefferies Co. from 1994 until 2007, and subsequently was Vice Chairman of National Securities Corp. from 2007 until 2011. Mr. Dewey was a Partner and Institutional Sales Manager in High Yield Fixed Income at Bear, Stearns Co. from 1980 to 1990, and Managing Partner of Scully Brothers Foss/The Marion Group, L.P. until 1994. He holds an MBA from The Wharton Graduate School of Business. Our Board has determined that Mr. Dewey s 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 experience as director of medical technology companies, including public company experience, qualifies him to serve as a member of our Board. David J. Matlin has served as our Chief Financial Officer and director since September 2020. Mr. Matlin was also the co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of MatlinPatterson Global Advisers LLC MatlinPatterson ), a distressed securities investment manager, which he co-founded in July 2002, through 2021. Mr. Matlin was also Chief Executive Officer of MatlinPatterson Asset Management L.P. and its operating joint venture affiliates that managed non-distressed credit strategies, from 2015 to 2018. In 2017, MatlinPatterson began winding down its investment activities and its various funds began to return the investment proceeds to their respective investors. In conjunction with this wind-down process and to protect their investors from foreign litigation, two of the MatlinPatterson funds (Matlin Global Opportunities Partners II L.P. and Matlin Global Opportunities Partners (Cayman) II L.P.) that had been unable to settle foreign litigation, filed, along with MatlinPatterson, voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in July 2021. Prior to forming MatlinPatterson, Mr. Matlin was a Managing Director at Credit Suisse, and headed their Global Distressed Securities Group upon its inception in 1994. Mr. Matlin was also a Managing Director and a founding partner of Merrion Group, L.P., an investment advisory firm, from 1988 to 1994. He began his career as a securities analyst at Halcyon Investments from 1986 to 1988. Until its November 2022 sale, Mr. Matlin also served on the board of directors of US Well Services Inc. (Nasdaq: USWS) (formerly Matlin Partners Acquisition Corporation) and was Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the company prior to its business combination with US Well Services LLC. He also serves on the boards of directors of Dermasensor, Inc. and Pristine Surgical LLC, which are medical device manufacturers. Mr. Matlin has served on the board of directors of Clene, Inc. (Nasdaq: CLNN), a biopharmaceutical manufacturer, since December 2020, and has served as the Chairman of its Board of Directors since May 2021. Since 2020, he has served on the board of Traffk, LLC, an insurance-based data analytics company, and since July 2021, he has served on the board of Empyrean Neuroscience, a biotechnology company. Previously, he served on the board of directors of Flagstar Bank FSB, a federally charted savings bank, and Flagstar Bancorp, Inc. (NYSE: FBC), a savings and loan holding company from 2009 to May 2021, CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (NYSE: CAA), a U.S. homebuilder, from 2009 to 2018, Global Aviation Holdings, Inc., an air charter company, from 2006 to 2012, and Huntsman Corporation (NYSE: HUN), a U.S. chemicals manufacturer, between 2005 and 2007 and Orthosensor, Inc. until the sale of the company to Stryker Corporation in December 2020. Mr. Matlin holds a JD degree from the Law School of the University of California at Los Angeles and a BS in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Our Board has determined that Mr. Matlin s significant public company board experience qualifies him to serve as a member of our Board. Robert H. Weiss has served as our Chief Administrative Officer and Secretary since September 2020. Mr. Weiss was General Counsel and a Partner of MatlinPatterson Global Advisers LLC and its affiliates from 2002 until 2020. In 2017, MatlinPatterson began winding down its investment activities and its various funds began to return the investment proceeds to their respective investors. In conjunction with this wind-down process and to protect their investors from foreign litigation, two of the MatlinPatterson funds (Matlin Global Opportunities Partners II L.P. and Matlin Global Opportunities Partners (Cayman) II L.P.) that had been unable to settle foreign litigation, filed, along with MatlinPatterson, voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in July 2021. Prior to joining MatlinPatterson in 2002, Mr. Weiss was a Managing Director at Deutsche Asset Management, where he was responsible for hedge fund and fund-of-funds administration, accounting, and product-related legal and compliance functions from 1996 to 2002. From 1991 to 1996, Mr. Weiss was General Counsel to Moore Capital Management, Inc. and Senior Vice President within the futures and managed futures business of Lehman Brothers from 1989 to 1991, as well as Associate General Counsel from 1986 to 1989. Mr. Weiss began his career in the legal department of futures commission merchant Johnson Matthey Wallace, Inc. in 1983. Mr. Weiss holds a JD degree from Hofstra Law School and an AB cum laude in Political Science from Vassar College. . Martin W. Roche, MD has served as our director since December 2020. He is a practicing orthopedic surgeon specializing in robotic and sensor assisted knee surgery at Holy-Cross Hospital in Fort Lauderdale, Florida since 1996, and is Director of Arthroplasty for the Hospital for Special Surgery Florida. He serves as a member of the American and European Knee Society. Dr. Roche was the designing surgeon and performed the first robotic assisted Makoplasty partial and total knee arthroplasty. He has published and lectured extensively in the field of orthopedics and holds over 100 patents focused on medical technology. He was the founder of OrthoSensor, Inc. and served as its Chief Medical Officer and director from 2008 until the sale of the company to Stryker Corporation in December 2020. Since 2022, Dr. Roche has served as a director of Plasmapp USA, a subsidiary of Plasmapp Co. Ltd., a company specializing in plasma technologies that is publicly traded on the Korean KOSDAQ. He is a consultant to Stryker Orthopedics and Pristine Surgical, LLC. He received his MD in Biology from University College Cork in Ireland, and completed his Orthopedic Residency at Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami, Florida. Our Board has determined that Dr. Roche s expertise in the medical technology field and director experience qualifies him to serve as a member of our Board. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Thierry Thaure has served as our director since March 2021. Mr. Thaure has over 35 years of experience in medical device technology as an entrepreneur, senior executive and director. Since May 2020, Mr. Thaure has served on the board of GT Metabolic Solutions, Inc., a company that is developing a technology for bariatric surgery. Since October 2021, Mr. Thaure has also served as the Chief Executive Officer of GT Metabolic Solutions, Inc. Previously, Mr. Thaure was Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Triflo Cardiovascular, Inc., a company that is developing a technology for the treatment of tricuspid regurgitation from 2019 to October 2021. From 2012 to 2019, he was co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Cephea Valve Technologies, Inc., a company that developed a percutaneous mitral valve replacement technology and was purchased by Abbott Laboratories in 2019. Previously, he served as Chief Executive Officer from 2004 to 2011 of EndoGastric Solutions, Inc., a medical technology company that develops incisionless transoral procedures for the treatment of GERD, Senior Vice President and General Manager from 2001 to 2004 of Accuray, Inc. (Nasdaq: ARAY), a leader in radiosurgery which he helped take public, and was founding Vice President of Sales Marketing from 1997 to 2001 at Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (Nasdaq: ISRG), a medical robotics company designing products to improve clinical outcomes of patients through minimally invasive surgery. Prior to that, Mr. Thaure held engineering, marketing and business development roles at Guidant Corp. and American Hospital Supply Corp. in their cardiovascular divisions. During his career, Mr. Thaure has served as board member for several public and private companies, including Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: PLSE) from 2015 to 2017, where he served on its Compensation and Governance Committees, and was Chairman of its Audit Committee. He also served on the following private company boards: Mauna Kea Technologies Inc. from 2001 to 2012, Aquyre Bioscience Inc. since 2019, and FlexDex Inc from 2019 to 2020. Mr. Thaure holds a B.S. in Chemistry and Biomedical Engineering from Duke University and an M.B.A. from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. Our Board has determined that Mr. Thaure s experience as a director of medical technology companies, including public company experience, qualifies him to serve as a member of our Board. Manuel Aguero has served as our director since April 2021. Mr. Aguero has over 38 years of experience in the healthcare industry, including seven years at Johnson Johnson s Surgikos division (1984 to 1990) where he held positions of increasing responsibility including sales, marketing, and management, rising from a territorial sales position to becoming Director of Sales Training. Mr. Aguero was President of QMed Corporation, a medical device distribution company from its inception in 1990 to 2021 and has served as Co-Founder since 2021. He also has served on the board of its affiliate, Phoenix Healthcare Solutions, a leading medical manufacturing company, since 2012. Mr. Aguero was an early stage investor and has served on the board of directors of Veterans Healthcare Supply Solutions since 2011. He also served on the board of Orthosensor Inc., a leader in orthopedic sensor technologies, from 2010 until its sale to Stryker in 2020. Mr. Aguero graduated with Honors from The University of Florida with a BSBA in Business Finance. Our Board has determined that Mr. Aguero s experience as a director of medical technology companies qualifies him to serve as a member of our Board. David A. Treadwell has served as our director since April 2021. Mr. Treadwell has been a director of Visteon, an automotive supplier focused on cockpit electronics, since August 2012. He has also served on the boards of Flagstar Bank, Inc. (NYSE: FBC), a 27 billion regional bank, since 2009. With the merger of Flagstar and New York Community Bank (NYSE: NYCB), he now serves on the board of NYCB. Until its sale in November 2022, Mr. Treadwell served on the board of U.S. Well Services, Inc. (Nasdaq: USWS) (formerly known as Matlin Partners Acquisition Corporation prior to its merger with U.S. Well Services LLC), a high-pressure hydraulic fracturing supplier, since 2018. Until its sale in December 2021, Mr. Treadwell also served as Chairman of Tweddle Group, a provider of automotive owner manuals/information, since September 2018; and served as Chairman of AGY, LLC, a producer of high-tech glass fiber for a variety of global applications, from July 2013 through December 2022. Mr. Treadwell has served on the boards of several other public and private companies. Mr. Treadwell served as President and Chief Executive Officer of EP Management Corporation, formerly known as EaglePicher Corporation, a diversified industrial group, from August 2006 to September 2011. Mr. Treadwell was EaglePicher s Chief Operating Officer from June 2005 to July 2006. EaglePicher Corporation included EP Medical Batteries, which developed and supplied implantable medical batteries. Prior to that, he served as Oxford Automotive s Chief Executive Officer from 2004 to 2005. Mr. Treadwell graduated from University of Michigan in 1976 with high honors, BBA in Business. Our Board has determined that Mr. Treadwell s public company board experience qualifies him to serve as a member of our Board. Special Advisor Michael Stansky has served as our special advisor since December 2020. Mr. Stansky was a Managing Director of Tudor Investment Corporation where he was responsible for long/short equity and venture capital investments. He joined Tudor Investment Corporation in January 1994 and retired from active investment management in 2008. From 1985 to 1994, Mr. Stansky was an analyst and portfolio manager at Wellington Management Company. In his personal capacity, as well as at Tudor Investment Corporation, he has been an early stage or crossover investor and/or served on the boards of directors of several healthcare companies, including ShockWave Medical, Inc., MAKO Surgical, TransMedix Group (Nasdaq: TMDX) and Healtheon (now WebMD). He served as 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Chairman of OrthoSensor, Inc. until the company was acquired by Stryker Corporation in December 2020 and has served on the board of INSIGHTEC Ltd. since November 2018. He holds a B.A. in Accounting from the University of Massachusetts and a M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Mr. Stansky is a Certified Public Accountant and a Chartered Financial Analyst. Our special advisor (i) assists us in sourcing and negotiating with potential business combination targets, (ii) provides his business insights when we assess potential business combination targets and (iii) upon our request, will provide his business insights as we work to create additional value in the businesses that we acquire. In this regard, he fulfills some of the same functions as our board members. However, he has no written advisory agreement nor employment or compensation arrangements with us. Moreover, our special advisor is not under any fiduciary obligations to us nor does he perform board or committee functions, nor does he have any voting or decision- making capacity on our behalf. He also is not required to devote any specific amount of time to our efforts and is not subject to the fiduciary requirements to which our board members are subject. Accordingly, if our special advisor becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the entities to which he has fiduciary or contractual obligations (including other blank check companies), he will honor his fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We may modify or expand our roster of advisors as we source potential business combination targets or create value in businesses that it may acquire. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We have seven directors. Our board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we were required to hold an annual meeting one full year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The Extension Special Meeting on December 12, 2022 was held in lieu of our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Karti, Roche, Thaure and Aguero, who were elected at the Extension Special Meeting, will expire at our third annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Matlin, Treadwell and Dewey, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company each be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that complies with Nasdaq rules, has been approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of our board of directors and Mr. Aguero chairs the audit committee. Messrs. Thaure, Karti and Aguero serve as members of our audit committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Thaure, Karti, and Aguero meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Thaure qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. Mr. Roche and Mr. Aguero serve as members of our compensation committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Mr. Aguero chairs the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than the amount payable to our sponsor of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, has been or will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee considers the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Karti, Delevic, Roche and Aguero. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. You are able to review this document by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation None of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We accrue 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support payable to our sponsor. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Other than as set forth elsewhere in this Report, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, has been or will be paid by us to our officers and directors or their respective affiliates prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. We do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 by a target business. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination are made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. For example, the compensation of the two directors of the combined company that will be designated by the Company is disclosed in the TriSalus Registration Statement. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to the officers of the post-combination business will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors (as is anticipated for the combined company in the TriSalus Business Combination) or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 22, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 8,203,422 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 1,953,422 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii) 6,250,000 shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of March 22, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon holders of the shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the shares of Class B common stock are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Number of Number of Approximate Shares Approximate Shares Approximate Percentage Beneficially Percentage Beneficially Percentage of Outstanding Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned of Class Owned(2) of Class Common Stock Directors and Executive Officers Christopher C. Dewey (3) 6,250,000 100.0 76.2 David J. Matlin (3) 6,250,000 100.0 76.2 Robert H. Weiss Karim Karti Martin W. Roche, MD Thierry Thaure Manny Aguero David Treadwell All executive officers and directors as a group (8 individuals) 6,250,000 100.0 76.2 Five Percent or More Stockholders MedTech Acquisition Sponsor LLC (3) 6,250,000 100.0 76.2 Magnetar Funds and Managed Account (4) 1,145,833 58.7 14.0 

 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o MedTech Acquisition Corporation, 48 Maple Avenue, Greenwich, CT 06830. (2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. (3) Our sponsor is the record holder of such shares. Christopher C. Dewey and David J. Matlin are the managing members of our sponsor, and as such, has voting and investment discretion with respect to the common stock held of record by our sponsor and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the common stock held directly by our sponsor. Each of our officers and directors (or trusts for the benefit of their family members) holds a direct or indirect interest in our sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. (4) According to a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on February 9, 2022, these securities are held by Magnetar Constellation Master Fund, Ltd Constellation Master Fund ), Magnetar Constellation Fund II, Ltd Constellation Fund ), Magnetar Xing He Master Fund Ltd Xing He Master Fund ), Magnetar SC Fund Ltd SC Fund ), Purpose Alternative Credit Fund Ltd Purpose Fund ), all Cayman Islands exempted companies; Magnetar Structured Credit Fund, LP, Structured Credit Fund and Magnetar Constellation Fund II-PRA LP PRA LP ), Delaware limited partnerships; Magnetar Lake Credit Fund LLC Lake Credit Fund and Purpose Alternative Credit Fund T LLC Purpose Fund T ), Delaware limited liability companies; and a Managed Account; collectively (the Magnetar Funds and Managed Account ). Magnetar Financial serves as the investment adviser to the Magnetar Funds and Managed Account, and as such, Magnetar Financial exercises voting and investment power over the securities held for the Magnetar Funds and Managed Account s accounts. Magnetar Capital Partners serves as the sole member and parent holding company of Magnetar Financial. Supernova Management is the general partner of Magnetar Capital Partners. The manager of Supernova Management is Alec N. Litowitz. The business address of the Magnetar Funds and Managed Account is 1603 Orrington Avenue, 13th Floor, Evanston, Illinois 60201. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Table None. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Control For more information on the TriSalus Business Combination, please see Item 1. Business. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . In September 2020, our sponsor purchased 5,750,000 founder shares (up to an aggregate of 750,000 shares of which were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised). In December 2020, we effected a stock dividend for 0.1 shares for each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in our sponsor holding an aggregate of 6,325,000 founder shares (up to an aggregate of 825,000 shares of which were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised). As a result of the underwriters partial exercise of its over-allotment option, our sponsor forfeited 75,000 founder shares, resulting in ownership of 6,250,000 founder shares. The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the reported closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. On December 22, 2020, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,933,333 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.50 per warrant. Our sponsor s interest in such transaction was valued at 7,400,000. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Commencing on December 17, 2020, we started to accrue an amount payable to our sponsor of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the amount payable to our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, has been or will be paid by us to our officers and directors or any of their affiliates, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. We do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their affiliates and determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that are reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to an aggregate of 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. As of December 22, 2020, we had borrowed 178,080 under the promissory note with our sponsor. These loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and were due at the earlier of March 31, 2021 or the closing of our initial public offering, which occurred on December 22, 2020. The loan was repaid upon the closing of our initial public offering out of the estimated 1,500,000 of offering proceeds that was allocated to the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions) not held in the trust account. The value of our sponsor s interest in this transaction corresponds to the principal amount outstanding under any such loan. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. For example, the compensation of the two directors of the combined company that will be designated by the Company, once identified, will be disclosed in the TriSalus Registration Statement. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. On December 17, 2020, we entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares. On December 30, 2021, we issued the 2021 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 544,000 (the to our sponsor. The 2021 Promissory Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of our initial business combination. The proceeds of the 2021 Promissory Note have been used for working capital purposes. On January 28, 2022, we issued the 2022 Promissory Note I in the principal amount of up to 400,000 to the sponsor, of which 75,000 was funded by the sponsor upon execution thereof. The 2022 Promissory Note I does not bear interest and matures upon closing of the our initial business combination. On May 24, 2022, we issued the 2022 Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of up to 1,500,000 to the sponsor for working capital requirements and payment of certain expenses in connection its initial business combination. The 2022 Convertible Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and matures upon the closing of a business combination (in which case we will repay the 2022 Convertible Promissory Note note out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us) or upon our liquidation (in which case we may only repay the note out of working capital funds held outside the trust account). At the election of the sponsor, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Promissory Note may be converted into that number of warrants, each exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at a price of 1.50 per warrant. On November 11, 2022 and in connection with the entry into the TriSalus Merger Agreement, we, TriSalus and Magnetar entered into a non-binding term sheet concerning Magnetar Convertible Notes, which provides for the sale and issuance by us of up to 50,000,000 of 8.0 senior secured convertible notes concurrent with the closing of the TriSalus Business Combination. The term sheet, which grants Magnetar the exclusive right to negotiate the foregoing proposed debt financing, provides for us to issue 25,000,000 or 50,000,000 of such Magnetar Convertible Notes at the Closing, and grants Magnetar the option to purchase the same principal amount of purchased Magnetar Convertible Notes during the two-year period following the Closing (resulting in the potential issuance of up to 100,000,000 of such Magnetar Convertible Notes). The Magnetar Convertible Notes would have a three-year maturity and would be convertible into shares of our common stock at an initial conversion price of 10.00 per share, with conversion price resets and certain anti-dilution rights, with the conversion feature subject to certain ownership limitations. Other than exclusivity and certain expense reimbursement and indemnity obligations of the Company and TriSalus, the term sheet is non-binding on each of the parties thereto, and the parties obligations to consummate the transactions contemplated therein are subject in all respects to the completion of Magnetar s due diligence process, the negotiation and execution of definitive transaction documents to Magnetar s satisfaction, and the satisfaction of certain other conditions (including, but not limited to, TriSalus obtaining or securing certain temporary or permanent reimbursement codes for its TriNav Infusion System by January 31, 2023). On December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023 (H.R. 2617) was signed into law and includes an extension to the TPT payment status for certain devices, including the 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 TriNav Infusion System, through December 31, 2023, which satisfied the foregoing condition. Currently, the amount potentially subject to funding, subject in all respects to the completion of Magnetar s due diligence process, the negotiation and execution of definitive transaction documents to Magnetar s satisfaction, and the satisfaction of certain other conditions, is 25 million. Based upon information set forth in a Schedule 13D/A filed on February 9, 2023, Magnetar Financial LLC, an affiliate of Magnetar, collectively owned with its affiliates an aggregate of 1,145,833 shares of Class A common stock, which represents 58.7 of the Company s issued and outstanding Class A common stock following the Extension Special Meeting. In addition, on December 16, 2022, we issued the unsecured the 2022 Promissory Note III in the principal amount of up to 1,000,000 to the sponsor for working capital purposes, which may be drawn down from time to time upon our request. The 2022 Promissory Note III does not bear interest and the principal amount will not be payable if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. On December 16, 2022, we issued the 2022 Extension Note in the principal amount of up to 468,821 to the sponsor pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to loan to us and deposit into the trust account the Extension Funds for the public shares that were not redeemed in connection with the Extension. The 2022 Extension Note is non-interest bearing and matures upon the closing of our initial business combination. Beginning on December 23, 2022, we began depositing 0.04 per share into the trust account for each month or portion thereof, that is needed by us to complete an initial business combination until June 22, 2023 or such earlier date as determined by the Board. In March 2023, we and the sponsor engaged Ceros to render certain advisory and placement services to us. Pursuant to such engagement, the sponsor (and not us) would be solely responsible for any and all fees and expenses payable to Ceros, if any, that would arise or accrue prior to, or in connection with, the closing of an initial business combination. For more information on the agreements entered into in connection with the TriSalus Business Combination, including the names of the agreements involving related parties, such as the sponsor, officers or directors, please see Item 1. Business . Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Karti, Roche, Aguero, Thaure and Treadwell are independent directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Withum, for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 163,800 and 153,985, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Withum any audit-related fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax Fees. The amount we paid Withum for tax services, planning or advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 8,840 and 5,665, respectively. All Other Fees. We did not pay Withum for any other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the effectiveness of our IPO Registration Statement. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 
 (1) Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders deficit F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 to F-25 (2) Financial Statements Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes beginning on F-1 on this Report. (3) Exhibits 
 We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 to F-25 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Medtech Acquisition Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Medtech Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by June 22, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. New York, March 22, 2023 PCAOB Number 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Cash and investments held in Trust Account TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT LIABILITIES Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to stockholders Income taxes payable Extension Note Promissory note related party Total current liabilities Warrant liabilities Convertible Promissory Note related party Deferred underwriting fee payable TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and Contingencies Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, and shares at and per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class A common stock, par value per share; shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class B common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 General and administrative expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income: Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Interest earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account Total other income Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes ) Net income Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class B Additional Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance January 1, 2021 ) ) Net income Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Investment pursuant to business combination agreement Accretion for Class A common stock to redemption amount ) ) ) Net income Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Interest earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to stockholders Income taxes payable Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Investment of cash into Trust Account ) Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemptions Net cash provided by investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from promissory note Proceeds from promissory note related party Proceeds from Convertible Promissory Note related party Extension capital contribution from TriSalus Redemptions of Class A common stock ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net Change in Cash ) ) Cash Beginning of year Cash End of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. The Company has one wholly-owned subsidiary that was created on November 9, 2022, MTAC Merger Sub, Inc, a Delaware corporation Merger Sub ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity from inception through December 31, 2022, relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering Initial Public Offering ), which is described below, and subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a Business Combination, including the terminated Memic Business Combination and the Merger Agreement with TriSalus (as defined and more fully described in Note 6). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering, held in the Trust Account. The registration statements for the Company s Initial Public Offering were declared effective on December 17, 2020. On December 22, 2020, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to MedTech Acquisition Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on December 22, 2020, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of in cash underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and net of taxes payable). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Company will only proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least following any related redemptions and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Certificate of Incorporation will provide that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination, (b) to waive its liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by June 22, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors of the Company (the Board )) and (c) not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Company will have until June 22, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the Board) to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company has not completed a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and theBoard, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Liquidity and Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of , which excludes of income taxes payable. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (see Note 5). On December 30, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor in the principal amount of (the 2021 Promissory Note ). The 2021 Promissory Note, as described in Note 5, does not bear interest and matures upon closing of the Company s initial Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was outstanding under the 2021 Promissory Note. On January 28, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of up to to the Sponsor (the 2022 Promissory Note ). The 2022 Promissory Note, as described in Note 5, does not bear interest and matures upon closing of the Company s initial Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and outstanding under the 2022 Promissory Note, respectively. On May 24, 2022, the Company issued the Convertible Promissory Note (as defined in Note 5) in the principal amount of up to to the Sponsor. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts of and outstanding under the Convertible Promissory Note, respectively. On December 16, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to to the Sponsor (the Extension Note ), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan to the Company up to (the Extension Funds to deposit into the Company s trust account (the Trust Account for the shares of Class A common stock of the Company (the Public Shares that were not redeemed in connection with the extension of the Company s termination date from December 22, 2022 to June 22, 2023 or such earlier date as determined by the Board (the Extension ). The Extension Note, as described in Note 5, does not bear interest 
 F-9 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 and outstanding under Extension Note, respectively. The Company will deposit per share into the Trust Account for each month (commencing on December 23, 2022 and ending on the 22nd day of each subsequent month) (the Extension Deposit ), or portion thereof, that is needed by the Company to complete an initial business combination until June 22, 2023 or such earlier date as determined by the Board (the Extension ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, TriSalus has agreed to pay, as a transactional expense and not as a loan, for of the costs incurred by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of applicable proxy materials and the holding of the Meeting (as defined below) (TriSalus s portion of such fees, the TriSalus Extension Fees ), in addition to of the amounts deposited into the Trust Account in connection with the Extension, with the remainder to be funded by the Sponsor and/or its designee in the form of a loan to the Company; provided that TriSalus s obligation to pay the TriSalus Extension Fees and its portion of the deposits for the Extension will terminate immediately at the earliest to occur of (i) the closing date of the TriSalus Business Combination and (ii) the valid termination of the Merger Agreement. Upon such termination, the Company will have no obligation to repay the TriSalus Extension Fees or any portion of the Extension Funds paid by TriSalus. On December 16, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of up to (the Working Capital Note to the Sponsor for working capital purposes, which may be drawn down from time to time upon request by the Company. The Working Capital Note does not bear interest and the principal amount will not be payable if the Company fails to complete its initial business combination within the required time period as set forth in its amendment and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended from time to time. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no outstanding amount under the Working Capital Note. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU Topic 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until June 22, 2023, to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to consummate a business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after June 22, 2023. Risks and Uncertainties Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statement. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy is not determinable as of the date of these financial statements, and the specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 
 F-10 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 and of cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and cash equivalents. Public Shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately million (approximately per Public Share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders and approximately million remains in the Trust Account. Following redemptions, the Company has Public Shares outstanding. was deposited into the Trust Account of which was be drawn down under the Extension Note and was funded by TriSalus. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at and redemption value, respectively, as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 Less: Redemptions of Class A common stock ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Extension Deposit Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 in offering costs was incurred. Of these offering costs, was related to the Initial Public Offering and charged to Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption. Offering costs allocable to Public Warrants (as defined below) and Private Placement Warrants were and , respectively, and expensed at the date of Initial Public Offering. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to changes in fair value in warrant liability and the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company has been subject to income taxation by major taxing authorities since inception. These examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. shares of Class A common stock in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any other dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income per common stock is the same as basic net income per common stock for the periods presented. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income per share of common stock 
 F-15 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Units, which includes a partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock and one -third of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant from the Company in a private placement. Each Private Placement Warrant will be exercisable to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s Class B common stock for an aggregate price of . In December 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend for shares for each share of Class B common stock outstanding,resulting in Founder Shares outstanding. As a result of the partial over-allotment exercised by the underwriters, shares of Class B common stock were forfeited, and shares remain subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the reported closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Administrative Services Agreement The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on December 22, 2020, to pay the Sponsor an amount not to exceed per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred , in fees for these services. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred , in fees for these services. There were and included in accrued expenses for these services in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 . The 2021 Promissory Note is non-interest bearing. No amount shall be due under the 2021 Promissory Note if the Business Combination is not consummated on or before June 22, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the Board). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was outstanding under the 2021 Promissory Note. On January 28, 2022, the Company issued the 2022 Promissory Note I in the principal amount of up to to the Sponsor. The 2022 Promissory Note is non-interest bearing. No amount shall be due under 2022 Promissory Note if the Business Combination is not consummated on or before June 22, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the Board). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts of and outstanding under the 2022 Promissory Note, respectively. On December 16, 2022, the Company issued the Extension Note, a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan to the Company the Extension Funds to deposit into the Trust Account for the Public Shares that were not redeemed in connection with the Extension. The Extension Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon the date of the consummation of an initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and outstanding under Extension Note, respectively. On December 16, 2022, the Company issued the 2022 Promissory Note I, an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of up to to the Sponsor for working capital purposes, which may be drawn down from time to time upon request by the Company. The Working Capital Note does not bear interest and the principal amount will not be payable if the Company fails to complete its initial business combination within the Combination Period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was outstanding under Working Capital Note, respectively. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants as described in Note 8. On May 24, 2022, the Company issued the a promissory note in the principal amount of up to to the Sponsor for working capital requirements and payment of certain expenses in connection the Company s initial Business Combination Convertible Promissory Note ). The Convertible Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) the date of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the winding up of the Company. At any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of the Convertible Promissory Note, the Sponsor may elect to convert all or any portion of the unpaid principal balance into that number of warrants, each exercisable for one share of Class A common stock of the Company (the Conversion Warrants ), equal to (x) the portion of the principal amount of this Note being converted, divided by (y) 1.50, rounded up to the nearest whole number of warrants. The Conversion Warrants and their underlying securities are entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights as set forth in the Convertible Promissory Note. The Company determined that the fair value of the Convertible Promissory Note was par value. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company, subject to certain limitations. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidated damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Raymond James Agreements Raymond James Associates, Inc. Raymond James was originally engaged by the Company to act as sole manager for the Initial Public Offering and would be entitled to a deferred underwriting fee of upon the consummation of a Business Combination. In connection with the entry into the Merger Agreement with TriSalus, on November 11, 2022, the Company and Raymond James amended that certain Underwriting Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, pursuant to which, Raymond James agreed to waive the foregoing deferred underwriting fee in its entirety if the proposed Business Combination between the Company and TriSalus is consummated. Raymond James was separately engaged by the Company to act as its investment banking advisor in connection with a Business Combination, and will receive customary fees for its services in that role if the Business Combination with TriSalus is consummated. The Company also engaged Raymond James to act as sole placement agent for an institutional debt financing that resulted in the Company s entry into the non-binding term sheet with Magnetar Capital LLC Magnetar ). In consideration for its services as the Company s investment banking advisor and its services as placement agent, Raymond James will be entitled to receive an aggregate fee ranging between million to million from the Company at the closing of the Business Combination with TriSalus plus expense reimbursements, depending on the amount raised in the institutional debt financing with Magnetar and/or other institutional investors, excluding any incremental fee consideration for exercise of the greenshoe. If the Company is unable to consummate the Business Combination with TriSalus or is unable to obtain private financing in connection with the Business Combination with TriSalus, then Raymond James will not receive any compensation for its investment banking advisory or placement agent services, respectively. Contingent Professional Fees The Company incurred legal fees of and investment advisory fees of , which were contingent upon the consummation of the Memic Business Combination. On March 12, 2022, the Memic Business Combination was terminated, as such, the incurred contingent legal and investment advisory fees are no longer due. These fees were not recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets, therefore no reversal was required. The company incurred legal fees of , which are contingent on the consummation of the Merger with TriSalus. These fees were not recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Business Combination Agreement On August 12, 2021, the Company entered into the Business Combination Agreement (the Memic Business Combination Agreement with Memic Innovative Surgery Ltd., a private company organized under the laws of the State of Israel Memic ), and Maestro Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Memic Merger Sub ). 
 F-18 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 , payable solely in shares of MTAC common stock, par value per share Common Stock ), valued at per share (the Closing Merger Consideration ). Immediately prior to the Closing, the shares of Class A Common Stock of MTAC and the warrants to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock of MTAC issued to the public that comprise each issued and outstanding Unit will be automatically separated, if not already separated prior to such time, and the holder thereof shall be deemed to hold share of Class A Common Stock of MTAC and one -third of one warrant to purchase Class A Common Stock; provided that any fractional warrants issuable to a holder upon the separation of the Units will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants. Following the separation of the Units but prior to the Closing, the Class B Common Stock of MTAC will automatically convert into Class A Common Stock, and pursuant to the proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation of MTAC to be effective immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, if approved by MTAC s stockholders, Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock will be reclassified into a single class of Common Stock. Immediately prior to the Closing, each share of TriSalus issued and outstanding preferred stock will automatically convert into shares of TriSalus common stock (the Preferred Conversion ), and all in-the-money TriSalus warrants that would be exercised or otherwise exchanged in full in accordance with their terms by virtue of the occurrence of the TriSalus Business Combination will be exercised for shares of TriSalus common stock, such that the holders thereof will receive Closing Merger Consideration as holders of TriSalus common stock. TriSalus warrants that are out-of-the-money will be cancelled for no consideration immediately prior to the Closing. At the time of the TriSalus Business Combination, the outstanding options for shares of TriSalus common stock under TriSalus equity plan will be assumed by MTAC and converted into options to purchase Common Stock (the Assumed Equity ). Representations, Warranties and Covenants The Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties thereto, including, among other things, covenants with respect to the conduct of MTAC and TriSalus during the period between execution of the Merger Agreement and 
 F-19 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 in support of the TriSalus Business Combination, (iii) by written notice from either MTAC or TriSalus, in the event that the other party breaches any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements under the Merger Agreement that would result in the failure of the conditions to MTAC s or TriSalus obligation to consummate the TriSalus Business Combination and such breach has not been cured by the breaching party within days after receiving notice of such breach, (iv) by TriSalus at any time prior to the approval of the TriSalus Business Combination by MTAC s public stockholders, if the board of directors of MTAC has made a change in recommendation to its stockholders regarding the TriSalus Business Combination, and (v) by written notice to TriSalus from MTAC, if TriSalus does not obtain stockholder approval within after delivering an information statement regarding the TriSalus Business Combination to its stockholders. For additional information, refer to MTAC s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022. shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption which are presented as temporary equity, respectively. Class B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Holders of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders except as otherwise required by law. The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination on a -for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, 
 F-20 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Public Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement registering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th business day after the closing of a Business Combination or within a specified period following the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem for cash the outstanding Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per Public Warrant; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the reported closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a - trading day period ending business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock 
 F-21 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of such initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Private Placement Warrants outstanding. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Organizational costs/start-up expenses Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 
 F-22 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 The income tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: Deferred ) ) State and Local Current Deferred Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a U.S. federal net operating loss carryover of approximately and available to offset future taxable income, respectively. In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was and ,respectively. A reconciliation of the federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: State taxes, net of federal tax benefit Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision ) The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. in cash. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company withdrew of interest income from the Trust Account to pay for taxes and in connection with redemptions of common stock. At December 31, 2021, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of in money market funds. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company withdrew of interest income from the Trust Account to pay for taxes. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Liabilities: Warrant Liabilities - Public Warrants 1 Warrant Liabilities - Private Placement Warrants 3 The Warrants were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities on the balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of warrants in the statements of operations. The Private Placement Warrants were initially and subsequently valued using a Monte Carlo Simulation Model, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The Monte Carlo Simulation model s primary unobservable input utilized in determining the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants is the expected volatility of the common stock. Significant increases (decreases) in the expected volatility in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. The expected volatility as of the Initial Public Offering date and subsequent was derived from observable Public Warrant pricing on comparable blank-check companies without an identified target. A Monte Carlo simulation methodology was used in estimating the fair value of the Public Warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available, using the same expected volatility as was used in measuring the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the close price of the Public Warrant price will be used as the fair value as of each relevant date. The key inputs into the Monte Carlo Simulation for the Private Placement Warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were as follows: Stock price Volatility Term Risk-free rate Dividend yield The following table presents the changes in the Level 3 fair value of warrant liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Change in fair value ) ) Fair value as of December 31, 2022 
 F-24 

Table of Contents MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Change in fair value ) ) ) Transfer to level 1 ) ) Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 1 fair value measurement during the year ended December 31, 2021 was , when the Public Warrants were separately listed and traded. There were transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy during the year ended December 31, 2022. was drawn on the Extension Note, as described in Note 5 and deposited into the Trust Account. In addition, TriSalus deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the Merger Agreement. On January 13, 2023, the Company drew an additional on the Convertible Promissory Note as described in Note 5. On January 13, 2023 and February 8, 2023, the Company drew an additional and on the 2022 Promissory Note III as described in Note 5, respectively. In March 2023, the Company and the Sponsor engaged Ceros Financial Services, Inc. to render certain advisory and placement services to the Company. Pursuant to such engagement, the Sponsor (and not the Company) would be solely responsible for any and all fees and expenses payable to Ceros Financial Services, Inc., if any, that would arise or accrue prior to, or in connection with, the closing of an initial Business Combination. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, by and between the Company and Raymond James Associates, Inc. (3) 2.1+ Agreement and Plan or Merger, dated as of November 11, 2022, by and among MedTech Acquisition Corporation, MTAC Merger Sub, Inc., and TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc. (9) 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (3) 3.2 Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (11) 3.3 By Laws. (1) 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate. (2) 4.2 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (2) 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (2) 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental, as warrant agent. (3) 4.5 Description of Registered Securities. (5) 10.1 Promissory Note, dated as of September 11, 2020 issued to the Sponsor. (1) 10.2 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated September 11, 2020, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 10.3 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 10.4 Letter Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, by and among the Company, its officers and directors and the Sponsor. (3) 10.5 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental, as trustee. (3) 10.6 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (3) 10.7 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (3) 10.8 Administrative Support Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (3) 10.9 Promissory Note, dated as of December 30, 2021 issued to the Sponsor. (4) 10.10 Promissory Note, dated as of January 28, 2022, issued to Sponsor. (6) 10.11 Form of Amendment No. 1 to Promissory Note of the Company. (10) 10.12 Termination of Business Combination Agreement. (7) 10.13 Promissory Note, dated May 24, 2022, issued to Sponsor. (8) 10.14 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, by and among TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc., MedTech Acquisition Sponsor LLC, and certain former stockholders of TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc. (9) 10.15 Form of Lock-up Agreement, by and among certain stockholders of TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc. and MedTech Acquisition Corporation. (9) 10.16+ Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2022, by and among MedTech Acquisition Corporation, TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc., and MedTech Acquisition Sponsor LLC. (9) 10.17 Form of Stockholder Support Agreement, by and among MedTech Acquisition Corporation, TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc. and certain stockholders of TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc. (9) 10.18 Amendment to Underwriting Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2022, by and between MedTech Acquisition Corporation and Raymond James Associates, Inc. (9) 10.19 Term Sheet, dated as of November 11, 2022, by and among MedTech Acquisition Corporation, TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc. and Magnetar Capital LLC. (9) 10.20 Promissory Note, dated December 16, 2022 issued to Sponsor. (11) 10.21 Promissory Note, dated December 16, 2022 issued to Sponsor. (11) 10.22 Amendment No. 1 to Term Sheet, dated as of March 4, 2023, by and among MedTech Acquisition Corporation, TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc. and Magnetar Capital LLC. (12) 14.1 Form of Code of Ethics. (2) 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Table of Contents 
 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 99.1 Audit Committee Charter. (2) 99.2 Compensation Committee Charter. (2) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. + Schedules and exhibits to this Exhibit omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. Schedules and exhibits to this Exhibit omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. (1) Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s IPO Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-251037), filed with the SEC on November 30, 2020. (2) Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s IPO Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-251037), filed with the SEC on December 9, 2020. (3) Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2020. (4) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021. (5) Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021. (6) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022. (7) Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022. (8) Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 26, 2022. (9) Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022. (10) Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 2, 2022. (11) Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2022. (12) Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 8, 2023. 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. March 22, 2023 MedTech Acquisition Corporation By: /s/ Christopher C. Dewey Name: Christopher C. Dewey Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Position Date /s/ Christopher C. Dewey Chief Executive Officer and Director March 22, 2023 Christopher C. Dewey (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ David J. Matlin Chief Financial Officer and Director March 22, 2023 David J. Matlin (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Karim Karti Chairman March 22, 2023 Karim Karti /s/ Martin Roche, MD Director March 22, 2023 Martin Roche, MD /s/ Thierry Thaure Director March 22, 2023 Thierry Thaure /s/ Manuel Aguero Director March 22, 2023 Manuel Aguero /s/ David L. Treadwell Director March 22, 2023 David L. Treadwell 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mtac-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Christopher C. Dewey, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MedTech Acquisition Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 22, 2023 By: /s/ Christopher C. Dewey Christopher C. Dewey Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mtac-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, David J. Matlin, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MedTech Acquisition Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 22, 2023 By: /s/ David J. Matlin David J. Matlin Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 mtac-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MedTech Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christopher C. Dewey, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: March 22, 2023 By: /s/ Christopher C. Dewey Christopher C. Dewey Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 mtac-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MedTech Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David J. Matlin, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 22, 2023 By: /s/ David J. Matlin David J. Matlin Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mtac-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mtac-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mtac-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mtac-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

