<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1773751_0001773751-23-000029.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13467926</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>549386</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3389888</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3495207</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3182419</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2657781</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001773751-23-000029.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227163025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001773751-23-000029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hims & Hers Health, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001773751
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-OFFICES & CLINICS OF DOCTORS OF MEDICINE [8011]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38986
		FILM NUMBER:		23675427

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2269 CHESTNUT ST
		STREET 2:		#523
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94123
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-851-0195

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2269 CHESTNUT ST
		STREET 2:		#523
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94123

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Oaktree Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190412

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001773751-23-000029.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 hims-20221231.htm
 10-K

hims-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to ____________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive office) (ZIP Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) 
 Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million (based on the last reported sale price of the registrant s Class A common stock of 4.53 per share on June 30, 2022 on the New York Stock Exchange), excluding only shares of Class A common stock held by executive officers and directors of the registrant as of such date. The registrant has no non-voting stock outstanding. 
 
 As of February 24, 2023, shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001, and shares of Class V common stock, par value 0.0001, were issued and outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 45 
 Item 2. Properties 
 45 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 47 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 48 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) 
 48 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 63 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 63 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 94 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 94 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 95 
 Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 95 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 96 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 96 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 96 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 96 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 96 
 Item 15. Exhibi ts and Fi nancial Statement Schedules 
 97 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 99 
 Signatures 
 100 

i 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our financial and business performance, including with respect to the Hims Hers platform, our marketing campaigns, investments in innovation, and our infrastructure, and the underlying assumptions with respect to the foregoing; statements relating to events and trends relevant to us, including with respect to our financial condition, results of operations, short- and long-term business operations, objectives, and financial needs; expectations regarding our mobile applications, market acceptance, user experience, customer retention, our ability to invest and generate a return on any such investment, customer acquisition costs, operating efficiencies, the success of our business model, our ability to scale our business, the growth of certain of our categories and the impact of our acquisitions, our ability to expand the scope of our offerings and experiences, and our ability to comply with the extensive, complex, and evolving regulatory requirements applicable to our business, including without limitation state and federal healthcare, privacy and consumer protection laws and regulations. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors. 
 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control), and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under Part I, ITEM 1A: Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation (and expressly disclaim any obligation) to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Part I, ITEM 1A: Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 
 
 By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

1 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 Launched in 2017, Hims Hers Health, Inc. (and together with its subsidiaries, Hims Hers , the Company , we , us or our has built a consumer-first platform transforming the way customers fulfill their health and wellness needs. We believe that the Company has the technical platform, distributed provider network, and access to clinical capabilities to lead the migration of routine office visits to a digital format. The Hims Hers platform includes access to a highly-qualified and technologically-capable provider network, a clinically-focused electronic medical record system, digital prescriptions, and cloud pharmacy fulfillment. Our digital platform enables access to treatments for a broad range of conditions, including those related to sexual health, hair loss, dermatology, mental health and primary care. Hims Hers connects patients to licensed healthcare professionals who can prescribe medications when appropriate. Prescriptions are fulfilled online through licensed pharmacies on a subscription basis. In addition, we also offer access to a range of health and wellness products designed to meet individual needs, which can include curated prescription and non-prescription products. Through the Hims Hers mobile apps, consumers can access a range of educational programs, wellness content, community support, and other services that promote lifelong health and wellness. Since our founding, we have facilitated more than ten million telehealth consultations, enabling greater access to high-quality, convenient, and affordable care for people in all 50 states and the United Kingdom. Hims Hers products can also be found in tens of thousands of top retail locations in the United States. 
 
 The mission of Hims Hers is to help the world feel great through the power of better health. 
 
 To fulfill this mission, our business strategy and market differentiation are centered around our trusted brand, leading technology, innovative products and services and clinical excellence. 
 
 We work to build a brand that is trusted by our customers, easy-to-use, and normalizes the practice of seeking and receiving treatment by empowering our customers with personalized care and an omnichannel experience. 
 
 The Hims Hers platform offers a streamlined patient and clinician experience facilitated by proprietary algorithms and a customizable and integrated technology stack, allowing us to give customers a seamless experience and to follow up programmatically and with precision. 
 
 We can leverage these insights and feedback to offer access to personalized prescription and non-prescription treatments that are designed to meet individual needs. 
 
 At the foundation of our broader platform is the consumer trust we establish through our clinical excellence. Care accessed through the Hims Hers platform is subject to evidence-based clinical guidelines and delivered by highly-trained healthcare providers to ensure consistency and quality. Our medical advisory board helps ensure the utmost quality of care on our platform. With these measures in place, we are able to deliver access to quality care and treatment that is fast and convenient. 
 
 Business Strategy 
 
 We are a consumer-first health and wellness platform focused on providing modern personalized health and wellness experiences to consumers. We offer access to a range of health and wellness products and services available for customers to purchase through our websites and mobile applications. The offerings generally focus on conditions where treatment typically involves use of prescription medication on a recurring basis and ongoing care from healthcare providers. We also offer over-the-counter drug and device products and cosmetics and supplement products, which are primarily focused on general wellness, skincare, sexual health and wellness, and hair care. These curated non-prescription products include melatonin, biotin, probiotics and collagen protein supplements in the wellness category, moisturizer, creams, sunscreen, serum, face oil and face wash in the skincare category, condoms, climax delay spray and wipes, vibrators and lubricants in the sexual health and wellness category, and shampoos, conditioners, scalp scrubs and topical treatments such as minoxidil in the hair care category. We also offer many of these over-the-counter products through retail partnerships, in stores and online. The over-the-counter drug and device products and some of the cosmetics and supplement products we sell are white-labeled products, where we sell the manufacturer-developed product under the Hims Hers brand name or co-branded along with the manufacturer s brand. Several cosmetics and supplement products have been developed by us in partnership with the applicable manufacturers. For these products, the manufacturer develops the formulation with input from the internal Hims Hers Product Research Development team. In all cases, the manufacturer is responsible for obtaining and maintaining authorization from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), if required, and complying with current Good Manufacturing Processes (cGMP) as adopted 
 2 

Table of Contents 

and enforced by the FDA. In addition, the internal Hims Hers Quality team is responsible for maintaining policies and procedures to ensure non-prescription products comply with quality standards, which include independent laboratory testing of products, supplier and quality and compliance assessments. 
 
 Most of the offerings on our websites and mobile applications are sold to customers on a subscription basis. Subscription plans provide an easy and convenient way for customers to get the ongoing treatment they need while simultaneously providing the Company with predictability through a recurring revenue stream. 
 
 For subscription plans, customers select a desired cadence to receive products, which can range from every month to every two to twelve months, depending on the product. The customer is billed on a recurring basis based on the selected cadence and a specified quantity of product is shipped at each billing. Customers can cancel subscriptions in accordance with our Terms and Conditions agreed to by customers to stop receiving additional products and can reactivate subscriptions to continue receiving additional products. Our integrated technology platform allows us to serve our customers efficiently from start to finish: initially from customer discovery and purchase of offerings on our websites and mobile application, to connecting customers with medical providers for telehealth consultations, to the fulfillment and delivery of customer orders, and finally through ongoing clinical management by medical providers. Management believes this technology-driven efficiency provides cost advantages that allow us to offer customers affordable prices and to generate robust gross margins. 
 
 We acquire new customers and drive brand awareness through various marketing channels, including social media, online search, television, radio, other media channels, presence in brick-and-mortar retail stores, and physical brand advertising campaigns. We intend to continue to invest in growth in our current offerings and additionally in new products and services. The Hims Hers platform is purpose-built to scale efficiently and to accommodate the seamless addition of new products and services. We plan to launch new subscription-based offerings which we expect will have a similar margin profile and unit economics to current offerings. As we implement our product roadmap, we expect to grow revenue through additional subscription-based recurring revenue offerings. The recent launches of new prescription products in sexual health and dermatology, and launches of hair care and supplement retail products, demonstrate the scalability of the platform. 
 
 Growth Opportunities 
 
 Continue to acquire more customers 
 
 Our brand awareness and innovative, personalized products are core to our ability to attract new customers. Customers serve as ambassadors for the Hims Hers brand, further driving organic growth through word of mouth and user-generated content. More than 80 of our first time customers to date indicate that they came to Hims Hers to learn about and find options for their condition and are seeking treatment for their particular conditions for the first time. The convenience of our websites and mobile application allows us to reduce stigma and access-related barriers that frequently prevent consumers from seeking medical care, expanding the Company s market opportunity. Organic growth is enhanced by sophisticated omnichannel acquisition strategies meant to target future customers with condition-specific on-ramps at profitable returns on investment. In addition, our brand positioning has afforded significant partnerships with leading talent whose promotional efforts drive meaningful awareness of the products and services we make available. As our portfolio of products and services grows across categories, we believe that our market presence and brand recognition will expand, driving more consumers to seek out Hims Hers for future healthcare needs. 
 
 Grow within existing customer base 
 
 Our expanded offerings that include more personalized products and clinical experiences across a broader range of conditions provide a large opportunity for us to grow our revenue within our existing customer base. Through more robust customer engagement, we have the ability to deliver longer term subscription adoption and drive more cross sell opportunities. 
 
 Category expansion into new conditions 
 
 We are pursuing a roadmap of rapid category expansion into new conditions that can be treated safely via telehealth, require ongoing and recurring customer relationships, and for which generic medication has been established as an effective means of treatment. Future care opportunities that show high prevalence within our existing customer base and offer traits similar to our existing categories in terms of business model characteristics include testosterone treatment, menopause, sleep disorders, post- 
 3 

Table of Contents 

traumatic stress disorder, weight management, fertility, diabetes, cholesterol, and hypertension, which represent significant opportunities. Given the prevalence of these conditions, we see a large market opportunity for our current and future offerings. 
 
 Leverage existing capabilities to penetrate new sales channels and further improve operations 
 
 In 2020, we opened an approximately 300,000 square foot facility in New Albany, Ohio. In 2021, this facility began housing a dedicated licensed mail order pharmacy, XeCare, LLC (or XeCare ), that provides prescription fulfillment services solely to Hims Hers customers. In July 2021, we completed our acquisition of YoDerm, Inc. Apostrophe ), allowing us to expand personalized dermatological offerings to our customers. Apostrophe Pharmacy LLC Apostrophe Pharmacy, and together with XeCare, the Affiliated Pharmacies ), is an additional dedicated licensed mail order pharmacy located in Arizona that provides prescription fulfillment services solely to Hims Hers customers as part of our acquisition of Apostrophe in 2021. In 2022, we expanded the Apostrophe Pharmacy facility and opened an approximately 25,000 square foot facility in Phoenix, Arizona. The Affiliated Pharmacies together enable seamless drug delivery, and drive increased operating leverage across the platform by allowing us to further personalize and consolidate shipping of orders as well as expand capabilities quickly for adjacent and other new conditions. The Affiliated Pharmacies allow us to lower our cost structure by reducing some of the costs typically associated with contractual third-party pharmacy relationships. 
 
 Expand into new geographies 
 
 Our strong brand and digital-first, cloud-based business model has driven rapid adoption in the U.S. Additionally, our model has been developed to be scalable and applicable across new markets and languages. We expanded into the United Kingdom in early 2021, and in June 2021, we completed our acquisition of U.K.-based Honest Health Limited, which is now Hims Hers UK Limited HHL ), a company that offers health and wellness products and services. The acquisition of HHL has allowed us to expand our operations in the United Kingdom further. We believe our model will afford us further international expansion opportunities in Europe and beyond. We believe the consumer-focused services our model provides are applicable to a range of geographies across the world. 
 
 Affiliated Medical Groups, Providers, Health System Partnerships and Partner and Affiliated Pharmacies 
 
 Affiliated Medical Groups and Providers 
 
 Due to the prohibition on the corporate practice of medicine adopted by a majority of states in the U.S., we have contractual arrangements with Affiliated Medical Groups to enable their provision of clinical services to our customers. Affiliated Medical Groups are separate professional corporations or other professional entities owned solely by licensed physicians and that engage licensed healthcare professionals to provide telehealth consultations and related services, including applicable physician supervision of nurse practitioners and physician assistants. We are prohibited from owning a professional entity such as any of the Affiliated Medical Groups under the rules prohibiting the corporate practice of medicine. However, the Affiliated Medical Groups were incorporated and established with our assistance for the specific purpose of providing clinical services to patients through the Hims Hers platform and have no other operations or activities outside of the provision of services through the Hims Hers platform. 
 
 The Affiliated Medical Groups contract with or employ physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, and behavioral health providers (each, a Provider to provide telehealth consultations and related services on the Hims Hers platform. We enter into certain contractual agreements with the Affiliated Medical Groups and their physician owners, including administrative services agreements and continuity agreements, under which we serve as an administrative services manager for the Affiliated Medical Groups for the non-clinical aspects of their operations and receive a fixed administrative fee from each Affiliated Medical Group for these services. The administrative services and support we provide include IT products and support, including the Hims Hers platform and electronic medical record system, billing and collection services, non-clinical personnel, customer service support, administrative support for provider credentialing and quality assurance, and other non-clinical items and services, including access to a line of credit we make available to the Affiliated Medical Groups as necessary to support their operations. The Affiliated Medical Groups retain sole control of clinical decision-making and the practice of medicine. We are the exclusive administrative services provider for the Affiliated Medical Groups, and the Affiliated Medical Groups provide services to patients exclusively through the Hims Hers platform. Our arrangements with the Affiliated Medical Groups generally have initial ten-year terms with renewal options. These arrangements are reviewed and updated periodically to address changing regulatory or market conditions. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Health System Partnerships 
 
 The strength of the Hims Hers brand affords us numerous opportunities to partner with and offer new solutions to help transform existing healthcare stakeholders. We have relationships with leading health systems including Ochsner Health, Mount Sinai Health System, Privia, Carbon Health, and ChristianaCare Health System to provide a clinically focused, telehealth-enabled patient care collaboration. These relationships offer our customers access to applicable in-person care within these systems to enhance their overall healthcare experience. These collaborations, which are intended to help Hims Hers customers obtain in-person care not accessible through the Hims Hers platform, do not involve any monetary exchange, compensation, or other financial incentives between the parties. For primary care prescriptions, we also allow customers to seamlessly fulfill their prescription for same day delivery through Capsule and Alto in select markets. 
 
 Partner and Affiliated Pharmacies 
 
 We have entered into contractual arrangements with three licensed pharmacies (sometimes referred to herein as Partner Pharmacies ), PostMeds, Inc. (d/b/a TruePill), EHT Pharmacy LLC (d/b/a Curexa Pharmacy), and ITC Inc. (d/b/a ITC Compounding Pharmacy) for fulfillment and distribution of certain prescription and non-prescription products available through the Hims Hers platform. We are not bound by any exclusivity or minimum order requirements with respect to our use of each pharmacy, and have the ability to utilize other pharmacies at our discretion. The contractual arrangements with the pharmacies are typically for one-year terms with automatic renewals, subject to standard termination rights of the parties. The pharmacies rates are fixed in the contractual arrangements and changes require the mutual agreement of the parties. 
 
 We have also entered into service agreements with each of our Affiliated Pharmacies. 
 
 Regulatory Environment 
 
 As a consumer-focused health and wellness company delivering comprehensive telehealth technologies and services and health and wellness products (prescription and over-the-counter), in addition to the typical legal and regulatory considerations faced by a technology-based company, we are required to comply with complex healthcare laws and regulations, and consumer protection laws and regulations, all at both the state and federal level. Our business and operations are subject to extensive regulation, including with respect to the practice of medicine, the use of telehealth, relationships with healthcare providers, privacy and security of personal health information, product safety and pharmacy operations. 
 
 Government regulation of healthcare generally 
 
 Generally speaking, the healthcare industry is one of the most highly regulated industries in the United States. Healthcare-related businesses are subject to a broad array of governmental regulation at the federal, state, and local levels. While portions of our business are subject to significant regulations, some of the more well-known healthcare regulations do not apply to the Company because of the way our current operations are structured. We currently accept payments only from our customers not any third-party payors, such as government healthcare programs or health insurers. Because of this approach, we are not subject to many of the laws and regulations that impact other participants in healthcare industry. If we begin accepting reimbursement payments from insurance providers or other third-party payors such as a government program, we will become subject to some of these additional healthcare laws and regulations. 
 
 Irrespective of our business model, the healthcare industry is subject to changing political, economic and regulatory influences that may affect health and wellness companies like Hims Hers. During the past several years, the healthcare industry has been subject to an increase in governmental regulation and subject to potential disruption due to legislative initiatives and government regulation, as well as judicial interpretations thereof. While these regulations may not directly impact us or our offerings in any given case, they will affect the healthcare industry as a whole and may impact customer use of the Company s solutions. If the government asserts broader regulatory control over companies like us or if we accept payment from and/or participate in third-party payor programs in the future, the complexity of our operations and our compliance obligations will materially increase. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Government regulation of the practice of medicine and telehealth 
 
 The practice of medicine is subject to various federal, state, and local certification and licensing laws, regulations, approvals and standards, relating to, among other things, the qualifications of the provider, the practice of medicine (including specific requirements when providing health care utilizing telehealth technologies and the provision of remote care), the continuity and adequacy of medical care, the maintenance of medical records, the supervision of personnel, and the prerequisites for the prescription of medication and ordering of tests. Because the practice of telehealth is relatively new and rapidly developing, regulation of telehealth is evolving and the application, interpretation and enforcement of these laws, regulations and standards can be uncertain or uneven. Similarly, the ability of the Affiliated Pharmacies to fulfill prescriptions and distribute pharmaceutical products, including compounded pharmaceutical products, is dependent upon the laws that govern licensed pharmacies and the fulfillment and distribution of prescription medication and other pharmaceutical products, which include in some cases requirements relating to telehealth. As a result, we must continually monitor legislative, regulatory, and judicial developments regarding the practice of medicine, telehealth and pharmaceutical laws in order to support the Affiliated Medical Groups and the Affiliated Pharmacies. 
 
 Physicians, mid-level providers (e.g., physician assistants, nurse practitioners), and behavioral health providers who provide professional clinical services via telehealth must, in most instances, hold a valid license to provide the applicable professional services in the state in which the patient is located. We have established systems to assist the Affiliated Medical Groups in ensuring that their providers are appropriately licensed under applicable state law and that their provision of telehealth to our customers occurs in each instance in compliance with applicable rules governing telehealth. 
 
 Additionally, there may be limitations placed on the modality through which telehealth services are delivered. For example, some states specifically require synchronous (or live communications and restrict or exclude the use of asynchronous telehealth modalities, which is also known as store-and-forward telehealth. However, other states do not distinguish between synchronous and asynchronous telehealth services. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, some state and federal regulatory authorities lowered certain barriers to the practice of telehealth in order to make remote healthcare services more accessible. Due to our business model, these changes did not dramatically change our operations, but these changes did introduce many people to the practice of telehealth. It is unclear whether these changes will have a long-term impact on the adoption of telehealth services by the general public or legislative and regulatory authorities. 
 
 Corporate practice of medicine laws in the U.S.; Fee splitting 
 
 In certain jurisdictions, the corporate practice of medicine doctrine generally prohibits non-physicians from practicing medicine, including by employing physicians to provide clinical services, directing the clinical practice of physicians, or holding an ownership interest in an entity that employs physicians. Some states have similar doctrines with respect to other professional licensure categories, including behavioral health services and providers. Other practices, such as professionals splitting their professional fees with non-professional persons or entities, is also prohibited in some jurisdictions. Many states also limit the extent to which nurse practitioners and physician assistants can practice independently and require that they practice under the supervision of or in collaboration with a supervising physician. These laws are intended to prevent unlicensed persons from interfering with or unduly influencing a physician s professional judgment. State laws and enforcement activities related to the corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting vary dramatically. In some states, even activities not directly related to the delivery of clinical services may be considered an element of the practice of medicine. For example, in some states the corporate practice of medicine restrictions may be implicated by non-clinical activities such as scheduling, contracting, setting rates, and the hiring and management of non-clinical personnel. 
 
 Because of the restrictions on the corporate practice of medicine doctrine and fee-splitting in various jurisdictions, we do not employ the healthcare providers who provide clinical services on the Hims Hers platform. Instead, the Affiliated Medical Groups provide services on the platform and we contract with but do not own the Affiliated Medical Groups. The Affiliated Medical Groups and their providers maintain exclusive authority regarding the provision of healthcare services (including consults that may lead to the writing of prescriptions) and remain responsible for retaining and compensating their providers, credentialing decisions regarding their providers, maintaining professional standards, maintaining clinical documentation within medical records, establishing their own fee schedule, and submitting accurate information to us so that we can bill customers. Despite our care in structuring arrangements with the Affiliated Medical Groups, it is possible that a regulatory authority or another party, including providers affiliated with Affiliated Medical Groups, could assert that we (or other organizations with similar business models) are engaged in the corporate practice of medicine or that the contractual arrangements with Affiliated 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Medical Groups violate a state s fee-splitting prohibition. Failure to comply with these state laws could lead to materially adverse consequences for the Company. 
 
 U.S. Federal and State fraud and abuse laws 
 
 Participants in the United States healthcare industry are subject to extensive federal and state regulation with respect to kickbacks, physician self-referral arrangements, false claims, and other fraud and abuse issues. For example, the federal anti-kickback law (the Anti-Kickback Law prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, receiving, or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, arranging for, or recommending of an item or service that is reimbursable, in whole or in part, by a federal health care program. The federal False Claims Act imposes liability on any person or entity that, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment to the federal government. The penalties for violating these laws can be severe, including criminal and civil penalties, imprisonment, and possible exclusion from the federal health care programs. In addition, the federal ban on physician self-referrals, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits, subject to certain exceptions, physician referrals of Medicare patients to an entity providing certain designated health services if the physician or an immediate family member of the physician has any financial relationship with the entity. 
 
 Given our current operations, the Anti-Kickback Law, the federal False Claims Act, the Stark Law, and other laws that are tied to federal health care programs or commercial insurer reimbursement should not apply to our business. If the scope of these laws is extended to include a broader spectrum of activities or if we begin to accept reimbursement payments from insurance providers or other third-party payors such as a government program, we could become subject to these laws and need to modify our business model. Additionally, should we begin accepting reimbursement payments from insurance providers or other third-party payors, the Company will be subject to significantly increased compliance obligations and costs. 
 
 FDA regulation 
 
 Certain of the products available through our platform, and the third-party suppliers and manufacturers of these products, including pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter drugs, over-the-counter devices, cosmetics, and dietary supplements, are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and international, federal, state, and local authorities. These authorities can enforce regulations related to methods and documentation of the testing, production, compounding, control, safety, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, sterilization, storage, and shipping of products. Government regulations specific to pharmaceuticals are wide ranging and govern, among other things: the ability to bring a pharmaceutical to market, the conditions under which it can be sold, the conditions under which it must be manufactured, and permissible claims that may be made for such product. Certain of the products available through the Hims Hers platform require approval by the FDA and are subject to the limitations placed by the FDA on the approved uses in the product prescribing information. Some of these products are prescribed by Providers on the platform for off-label uses (i.e., for a use other than that specifically authorized by the FDA for the medication in question). While Providers are legally permitted to prescribe medications for off-label uses, and although we believe our product promotion is conducted in material compliance with FDA and other regulations, if the FDA determines that our product promotion constitutes promotion of an unapproved use of an approved product or of an unapproved product, the FDA could request that we modify our product promotion or subject us to regulatory and/or legal enforcement actions, including the issuance of a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine, and criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal, state, or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they consider the product promotion to constitute promotion of an unapproved use of an approved product or of an unapproved product, which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutes, such as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement. 
 
 Certain of the products available through our platform are compounded drug products under Section 503A of the Federal Food, Drug Cosmetic Act FDCA ). While we believe the compounded drug products available through our platform meet the requirements for exemption under Section 503A of the FDCA, if the FDA were to determine that such products do not meet the requirements for exemption, the FDA could subject us, our Affiliated Pharmacies, Partner Pharmacies, Affiliated Medical Groups or Providers to regulatory and/or legal enforcement actions, including the issuance of a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine, and criminal penalties. Other federal, state, or foreign enforcement authorities might also take action against us or the Affiliated Pharmacies, Partner Pharmacies, Affiliated Medical Groups or Providers if they determine that compounded drug products available through our platform do not meet applicable legal or regulatory requirements. Regulatory and/or legal enforcement actions by the FDA or other federal, state, or foreign enforcement authorities could have material adverse consequences on the Company and/or its operations. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Health information privacy and security laws 
 
 Numerous U.S. state and federal laws and regulations govern the collection, dissemination, use, privacy, confidentiality, security, availability, integrity, and other processing of health information. We believe that, because of our operating processes, we are not a covered entity or a business associate with respect to our customers or services provided through our platform under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and the implementing regulations HIPAA ), which establishes a set of national privacy and security standards for the protection of protected health information by health plans, healthcare clearinghouses, and certain healthcare providers, referred to as covered entities, and the business associates with whom such covered entities contract for services. Notwithstanding that we do not believe that the Company meets the definition of a covered entity or business associate under HIPAA with respect to our customers or services provided through our platform, we have executed business associate agreements with certain other parties and have assumed obligations that are based upon HIPAA-related requirements. Because we need to use and disclose customers health and personal information in order to provide our services, we have developed and maintain policies and procedures to protect that information, including administrative, physical and technical safeguards. As our business operations continue to develop, including through the launch of new product offerings or the development of new services, we may collect additional sensitive health and personal information from our customers that could create additional compliance obligations and may increase our exposure to compliance and regulatory risks regarding the protection and dissemination of such information. 
 
 In addition to HIPAA, numerous other federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations protect the confidentiality, privacy, availability, integrity and security of health information and other types of personal information, including the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act. These laws and regulations are often uncertain, contradictory, and subject to changing or differing interpretations. Additionally, these laws may be similar to or even more protective than, and may not be preempted by, HIPAA and other federal privacy laws, particularly with respect to highly sensitive personal information involving behavioral health or sexually transmitted disease. The privacy and data protection laws in many states in which we operate are more restrictive than HIPAA and/or may apply more broadly than HIPAA. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA protects the personal information of California consumers regardless of the location of the business holding the information. The CCPA went into effect on January 1, 2020. Additionally, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which took effect January 1, 2023, expands upon the rights and requirements implemented through the CCPA. The CPRA significantly modifies the CCPA, requiring the Company to incur additional costs and expenses and modify certain of our privacy practices. Virginia has similarly adopted a comprehensive privacy law, the Consumer Data Protection Act, which also took effect January 1, 2023. Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah have also passed comprehensive privacy laws, each which will take effect either in July or December of 2023. While these new state privacy laws emulate the CCPA/CPRA in many respects, each has requirements that will require particular assessment for compliance. 
 
 Where state laws are more protective than HIPAA or apply more broadly than HIPAA, we must comply with the state laws to which we are subject. In certain cases, it may be necessary to modify our planned operations and procedures to comply with these more stringent state laws. Not only may some of these state laws impose fines and penalties upon violators, but also some, unlike HIPAA, may afford private rights of action to individuals who believe their personal information has been misused. We expect new laws, rules and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and information security to be proposed and enacted in the future; state laws are changing rapidly, numerous states are currently reviewing legislation that is similar to the CCPA and/or CPRA, and there is discussion of a new federal privacy law or federal breach notification law. 
 
 Additionally, we are subject to the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR as implemented in the United Kingdom (the UK GDPR ). The GDPR became effective in the European Union EU on May 25, 2018. Under the GDPR, data protection authorities have the power to impose significant administrative fines for violations, which may also lead to damages claims by data controllers and data subjects. The United Kingdom completed its withdrawal from the EU on January 31, 2020 in a process known as Brexit, and following the expiry of the Brexit transition period, which ended on December 31, 2020, the UK GDPR has been implemented in the United Kingdom. The UK GDPR sits alongside the UK Data Protection Act 2018 which implements certain derogations in the GDPR into UK law. Under the UK GDPR, companies not established in the UK but who process personal data in relation to the offering of goods or services to individuals in the UK, or to monitor their behavior, are subject to the UK GDPR - the requirements of which are (at this time) largely aligned with those under the GDPR and may lead to significant compliance and operational costs. On October 7, 2022, President Biden executed an Executive Order to implement a new European Union-U.S. Data Privacy Framework to address European concerns over international data transfers. If adopted by the EU, such framework is set to take effect in 2023. 
 
 Marketing 
 
 We are building a trusted brand focused on empowering consumers to feel great by providing modern personalized health and wellness experiences to consumers to address their health and wellness needs. From our launch, we have used a diverse 
 8 

Table of Contents 

marketing strategy to reach our customers. We advertise on digital media, social media, television, radio, out-of-home media, and various other media channels. We believe advertising in a diversified set of media channels is important to prevent overreliance on any single channel and to maximize the exposure of our brands to our desired customers. We also reach our customers through our own social media accounts, press coverage and public relations, internally developed educational and lifestyle content, presence in brick-and-mortar retail stores, and physical brand advertising campaigns. This overall strategy drives significant customer traffic to our platform, including direct type-in traffic and organic online search traffic. 
 
 Our marketing strategy is underpinned by a focus on analytics and data. We have built our team and systems to measure consumer behavior, including which types of consumers generate more revenue in their first purchase, generate more revenue over time, generate more gross profit from their purchases, and which types of consumers are most valuable over their lifetime. We also rigorously measure the effectiveness of our marketing budgets and the rate of return we generate from our marketing campaigns. The marketing team is accountable for driving a sufficient rate of return from their budgets. We view our marketing capabilities as a core strength of the Company and a key differentiator in the market. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 People and Culture 
 
 At Hims Hers, we are focused on providing an exceptional experience to our employees, while focusing on serving our customers. Our team is central to our mission to transform the health and wellness industry and to help the world feel great through the power of better health. We believe that celebrating multiple approaches and perspectives allows us to better meet the challenge of providing access to people-centered, more personalized health and wellness solutions. We continue to look for intentional ways to expand our programs and initiatives to not only attract, develop, and retain top talent, but also to center the well-being of our people. 
 
 We strive to hire the best and brightest talent across the industry with a focus on individuals determined to improve access to health and wellness solutions for millions. As of December 31, 2022, our team was comprised of 651 full-time employees across various functions. 
 
 We took prompt action to protect our employees health in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including closing our offices in March 2020 and shifting to an official remote-first policy in June 2020. We have heavily invested in the software, tools, and culture that allow our company to be a leading force in the new remote-work environment. Not only has this allowed us to maintain and enhance our commitment to quality, our management team believes it has also provided a real competitive advantage by attracting diverse talent and garnering new geographic exposure. Because we prioritize hiring team members with a variety of lived experiences, we believe we get the benefit of more multi-faceted and nuanced insight into the customers we serve. This also ensures that our internal community reflects our vision for an equity-centered, inclusive workforce. 
 
 We aim to create an environment of mutual trust, confidence, and inclusion to provide opportunity for growth and recognition, with the ultimate goal of helping more customers feel great through providing access to better health and wellness solutions. We are a company with a growth mindset. To that end, we gauge our employees level of engagement and satisfaction through annual engagement surveys. We leverage these surveys to gather information to ensure we hear directly from our employees on their personal work experiences and how we can continue working to manifest our value set. We evaluate the data obtained through employee feedback to architect learning pathways and experiences that are truly valuable to our employees. For example, in 2022 we launched people manager training and labs as well as effective communication training across the organization. We are continually working to improve our process and policies to align with our growing and evolving workforce. 
 
 Further, we have committed to, and formalized, employee development programs that are focused on feedback, coaching and employee development. Programming includes a formalized performance review process that includes a self-evaluation process and a manager self-evaluation process, together with training and resources on how to approach these evaluations. 
 
 We also offer our employees a holistic total rewards package with premier benefit and well-being programs intended to fit the needs of our employees and their family members. In addition to standard medical coverage, we offer employees dental and vision coverage, health savings and flexible spending accounts, employee assistance programs, short-term and long-term disability coverage, and life insurance. We also offer a 401(k) Savings Plan and the ability to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan to all U.S. employees. In addition, the majority of our employees are eligible for equity awards, depending on 
 9 

Table of Contents 

function, to align incentives and provide the opportunity to share in the Company s financial success. Additionally, our paid time off programs enable and encourage our workforce to enjoy personal time away from their job responsibilities. We also offer generous parental leave benefits for eligible employees. 
 
 Commitment to highest standards of provider quality 
 
 In addition to our employees, as of December 31, 2022, 542 medical providers located throughout all 50 states in the U.S. provided services on the Hims Hers platform through the Affiliated Medical Groups. These medical professionals adhere to a rigorous set of assessments and all credentials, licenses, and qualifications are cross-checked against federal, state, and other agencies. The Affiliated Medical Groups implement comprehensive processes, including written testing, to ensure adequate clinical skill and quality. Testing results are reviewed by an advisory board of physicians, with only the most qualified applicants approved by the Affiliated Medical Groups to provide consultations on the Hims Hers platform. This rigor in provider selection ensures a strong culture of high standards focused around improving health and wellness outcomes for our customers. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Consumers have historically accessed the healthcare system in the U.S. through an antiquated model focused around brick-and-mortar healthcare providers and cost coverage through commercial and government payor programs. At the same time, many consumers are not aware of the relative affordability, convenience, and accessibility of care through the use of telehealth. Much of our marketing efforts since our founding have thus focused on consumer education around these capabilities and the underlying conditions that providers on our platform can help treat. The relatively low (albeit rapidly increasing) penetration of telehealth implies that there is a significant market opportunity as consumers continue to shift their behavior. 
 
 While we believe there are currently no direct competitors that offer the full suite of solutions and direct-to-consumer touch points as we do, there are several companies that offer components of telehealth or address conditions that compete with our solutions. 
 
 In direct-to-consumer health and wellness, we compete with traditional healthcare providers, pharmacies, and large retailers that sell non-prescription products, including, for example, nutritional supplements, dermatology products, and hair care treatments. 
 
 In direct-to-consumer healthcare, our competition is largely fragmented and consists of many competitors that are smaller in scale and/or are more niche in focus with respect to the conditions they treat. Within parts of the sexual health and hair loss market, we also compete mostly with private organizations with similar product offerings for consumers and/or similar pharmacological capabilities, including compounding capabilities. 
 
 In telehealth and health and wellness management, we compete with other providers that are larger in scale and generally provide telehealth on behalf of self-insured employers and insurance plans. Within parts of the behavioral health market, we also compete with public and private organizations with similar product offerings for consumers. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our proprietary technology platform, preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets, and operate without violating the intellectual property rights of others is important to our success. We have a number of measures to protect our intellectual property and brand, including trademarks, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, and employee non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements, to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Despite these efforts, there can be no assurance that we will adequately protect our intellectual property. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we held 19 registered trademarks in the U.S. and 135 in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and 27 pending trademarks in the U.S. and 99 in non-U.S. jurisdictions, including pending trademarks for our brand, Hims Hers. We obtained our first registered trademark in December 2018 with the majority of our trademark registrations obtained between 2019 and 2022. Each trademark registration is due for renewal within ten years from the date of its respective registration date and may be renewed in ten year intervals thereafter. In addition, we have registered domain names for websites that we use in 
 10 

Table of Contents 

our business, such as www.forhims.com, www.forhers.com, www.forhims.co.uk and www.apostrophe.com. We hold no patents at this time. 
 
 Additional Information 
 
 Our website addresses are www.forhims.com, www.forhers.com, www.forhims.co.uk and www.apostrophe.com. We make available free of charge at the Investor Relations section of the forhims.com website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish such materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC also maintains a website located at www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The information on our websites is not, and will not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any of our other filings with the SEC, except where we expressly incorporated such information. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business and ownership of our Class A common stock is set forth below. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including the risks described below. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Summary of Principal Risk Factors 
 
 Our limited operating history and evolving business make it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and increases the risk of your investment. 
 Our results of operations, as well as the performance of our key metrics, may fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may result in us failing to meet the expectations of industry and securities analysts or our investors. 
 If we are unable to expand the scope of our offerings, including the number and type of products and services that we offer, the number and quality of Providers serving our customers, and the number and types of conditions capable of being treated through our platform, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to successfully market to new customers and retain existing customers, or if evolving privacy, healthcare, or other laws prevent or limit our marketing activities, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 We operate in highly competitive markets and face competition from large, well-established healthcare providers, traditional retailers, pharmaceutical providers and technology companies with significant resources, and, as a result, we may not be able to compete effectively. 
 Our brand is integral to our success. If we fail to effectively maintain, promote, and enhance our brand in a cost-effective manner, our business and competitive advantage may be harmed. 
 If the Affiliated Medical Groups are unable to attract and retain high-quality Providers to perform services on our platform, or if we are unable to develop or maintain satisfactory relationships with these Providers or the Affiliated Medical Groups, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our pharmacy business subjects us to additional healthcare laws and regulations beyond those we face with our core telehealth business, and increases the complexity and extent of our compliance and regulatory obligations. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

If we fail to comply with applicable healthcare and other governmental regulations, we could face substantial penalties, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected, and we may be required to restructure our operations. 
 Evolving government regulations and enforcement activities may require increased costs or adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Security breaches, loss of data, and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business or customers, or prevent us from accessing critical information and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation. 
 From time to time we are subject to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, which can include intellectual property disputes or claims relating to our marketing or sale of products, any of which may be costly to defend and could materially harm our business and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has increased interest in and consumer use of telehealth solutions, including our platform, and we cannot guarantee that this increased interest will continue as the pandemic declines. 
 We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 Our dual class common stock structure has the effect of concentrating voting power with our Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder, Andrew Dudum, which limits an investor s ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Our limited operating history and evolving business make it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and increases the risk of your investment. 
 
 Our limited operating history and evolving business make it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and plan for our future growth. We began offering products and services in 2017. Since that time, our business has expanded and we have increased the ways that we can address customer needs. We have encountered and will continue to encounter significant risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by new and growing companies in rapidly changing and heavily regulated industries, such as attracting new customers and Providers to our platform, retaining our customers and encouraging them to utilize new offerings we make available, increasing the number of conditions that can be treated by Providers through our platform, operating licensed pharmacies and the compounding and distribution of pharmaceutical products, competition from other companies, including online healthcare providers and traditional healthcare providers, hiring, integrating, training, and retaining skilled personnel, verifying the identity of customers and credentials of Providers serving our customers, developing new solutions, determining prices for our solutions, unforeseen expenses, challenges in forecasting accuracy, and new or adverse regulatory developments affecting the use of telehealth, pharmaceutical products or operations, or other aspects of the healthcare industry. Additional risks include our ability to effectively manage growth and process, store, protect, and use personal data in compliance with governmental regulation, contractual obligations, and other legal obligations related to privacy and security. If our assumptions regarding these and other similar risks and uncertainties that relate to our business, which we use to plan our business, are incorrect or change as we gain more experience operating our platform or continue to expand into the treatment of new conditions, or if we do not address these challenges successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations and our business could suffer. 
 
 If we are unable to expand the scope of our offerings, including the number and type of products and services that we offer, the number and quality of Providers serving our customers, and the number and types of conditions capable of being treated through our platform, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We provide customers with access to non-prescription products, telehealth-based consultations with Providers, and certain prescription medications that may be prescribed by Providers in connection with telehealth consultations. In order for our business to continue growing and expanding, we need to continue expanding the scope of products and services we offer our customers, including telehealth consultations, prescription medication for additional conditions, and non-prescription health and wellness products and services. The introduction of new products, services, or technologies by market participants, including us, can quickly make existing products and services offered by us obsolete and unmarketable. Additionally, changes in laws and 
 12 

Table of Contents 

regulations (or enforcement thereof) could impact the usefulness of our platform and could necessitate changes or modifications to our platform or offerings to accommodate such changes. Alternatively, the introduction of new products, services or technologies could expose us to new or increased regulatory risks, including with respect to healthcare, privacy, or consumer protection laws, either through the provision of such products, services, or technologies, or by virtue of the new or expanded personal and health information we acquire from customers to support such offerings. We invest substantial resources in researching and developing new offerings and enhancing our solutions by incorporating additional features, improving functionality, and adding other improvements to meet our customers evolving demands. The success of any enhancements or improvements to our services or any new offerings depends on a number of factors, including timely completion, competitive pricing, adequate quality testing, integration with new and existing technologies, regulatory compliance, and overall market acceptance. We may not succeed in developing, marketing, and delivering on a timely and cost-effective basis enhancements or improvements to our products or services or any new offerings that respond to continued changes in market demands or new customer requirements, and any enhancements or improvements to our products or services or any new offerings may not achieve market acceptance. Since developing enhancements to our products and services and the launch of new offerings can be complex, the timetable for the release of new offerings and enhancements to our existing products and services is difficult to predict, and we may not launch new offerings and updates as rapidly as our current or prospective customers require or expect. Any new offerings or product or service enhancements that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, may contain errors or defects, or may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate sufficient revenue. In addition, any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any federal, state, or local laws or regulations with respect to any new offering or product or service enhancement could adversely affect our reputation, brand, and business, and may result in claims, proceedings, or actions against us by governmental entities, consumers, suppliers, or others or other liabilities that may require us to change our operations and/or cease offering certain products or services. Moreover, even if we introduce new offerings, we may experience a decline in revenue of our existing offerings that is not offset by revenue from the new offerings. In addition, we may lose existing customers who choose a competitor s products and services. This could result in a temporary or permanent revenue shortfall and adversely affect our business. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully market to new customers and retain existing customers, or if evolving privacy, healthcare, or other laws prevent or limit our marketing activities, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 
 We generate revenue from our platform by selling non-prescription health and personal care products to consumers and offering consumers a technology driven platform to access telehealth consultations with Providers and certain prescription medications that may be prescribed by the Providers in connection with the telehealth consultations. We also rely on selling our non-prescription products through wholesale partnerships. Unless we are able to attract new customers, retain existing customers, and maintain our wholesale partnerships, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed. 
 
 In order to attract new customers and incentivize existing customers to purchase more of our offerings, we use social media, emails, text messages, celebrity influencers, and other marketing strategies to reach new and existing customers. State and federal laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of personal information, including healthcare data, are evolving rapidly and could impact our ability to identify and market to potential and existing customers. Similarly, certain federal and state laws regulate, and in some cases limit, the use of discounts, promotions, and other marketing strategies in the healthcare industry. If federal, state, or local laws governing our marketing activities become more restrictive or are interpreted by governmental authorities to prohibit or limit these activities, our ability to attract new customers and retain customers would be affected and our business could be materially harmed. In addition, any failure, or perceived failure, by us or other telehealth companies to comply with any federal, state, or local laws or regulations governing our marketing activities could adversely affect the perception of our industry, our reputation, brand, and business, and may result in claims, proceedings, or actions against us by governmental entities, consumers, suppliers or others or other liabilities or may require us to change our operations and/or cease using certain marketing strategies. 
 
 Changes to social networking, advertising platforms or mobile device or other operating systems terms of use; terms of service or traffic algorithms that limit promotional communications or impose restrictions that would limit our ability or our customers ability to send communications through their platforms; disruptions or downtime experienced by these platforms; or reductions in the use of or engagement with social networking or advertising platforms by customers and potential customers could also harm our business. As laws and regulations rapidly evolve to govern the use of these channels, the failure by us or our employees or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of these channels could adversely affect our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties. In addition, our employees or third parties acting at our direction may knowingly or inadvertently make use of social media in ways that could lead to the loss or infringement of 
 13 

Table of Contents 

intellectual property, as well as the public disclosure of proprietary, confidential, or sensitive personal information of our business, employees, consumers or others. Any such inappropriate use of social media, emails, and text messages could also cause reputational damage and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Additionally, we collect consumer data, including email addresses and phone numbers, to further our marketing efforts with such consumers. If we fail to adequately or accurately collect such data or if our data collection systems are breached or information therein is misused, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. Further, any failure, or perceived failure, by us, or any third parties processing such data, to comply with privacy policies or with any federal or state healthcare, privacy or consumer protection-related laws, regulations, industry self-regulatory principles, industry standards or codes of conduct, regulatory guidance, orders to which we may be subject or other legal obligations relating to privacy, consumer consent, or consumer protection could adversely affect our reputation, brand, and business, and may result in claims, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities, consumers, suppliers or others or other liabilities or may require us to change our operations and/or cease using certain data sets. 
 
 Use of social media and celebrity influencers may materially and adversely affect our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties. 
 
 We use third-party social media platforms as part of our marketing strategy. For example, our brands maintain Instagram, Facebook, YouTube and TikTok accounts. We also maintain relationships with many social media and celebrity influencers and engage in sponsorship initiatives. As existing e-commerce and social media platforms continue to rapidly evolve and new platforms develop, we expect to maintain a presence on these existing platforms and an important part of our marketing strategy is to establish and maintain a presence on new or emerging popular social media platforms. If we are unable to cost-effectively use social media platforms as marketing tools, if the social media platforms we use change their policies or algorithms, or if evolving laws and regulations limit how we can market through these channels, we may not be able to fully optimize our use of such platforms and our ability to retain current customers and acquire new customers may suffer. Any such failure could adversely affect our reputation, revenue, and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, an increase in the use of social media for product promotion and marketing may increase the burden on us to monitor compliance of such materials, and increase the risk that such materials could contain problematic product or marketing claims in violation of applicable regulations. For example, in some cases, the Federal Trade Commission has sought enforcement action where an endorsement has failed to clearly and conspicuously disclose a financial relationship or material connection between an influencer and an advertiser. We do not control the content of what our influencers post on social media, and if we were held responsible for any false, misleading, or otherwise unlawful content of their posts or their actions, we could be fined or subjected to other monetary liabilities or required to alter our practices, which could have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. 
 
 A failure to accurately identify promising celebrity influencers to use and endorse our products or a failure to enter into cost-effective celebrity influencer arrangements may have an adverse effect on our reputation or business. Moreover the cost to enter into arrangements with celebrity influencers may increase over time, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations . 
 
 Negative commentary regarding our business, or celebrity influencers who endorse our products and other third parties who are affiliated with or endorse us, may also be posted on social media platforms. Celebrity influencers with whom we maintain endorsement arrangements could engage in behavior or use their platforms to communicate with our customers in a manner that reflects poorly on our brand and may be attributed to us or otherwise adversely affect our reputation. Any such negative commentary could impact our reputation or brand and affect our ability to attract and retain customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to expand our marketing infrastructure, we may fail to increase the usage of our platform to meet our forecasts. 
 
 We first launched our services in 2017 and we have experienced rapid growth since that time. As a result, we have limited experience marketing our offerings and engaging customers at our current scale. We derive a substantial majority of our revenue from customers subscription-based purchases of prescription products made available through our platform. We expect to continue to expand the conditions for which customers can seek treatment from Providers through our platform, and as a result, new customer acquisition is integral to our business. Our financial condition and results of operations are and will continue to be highly dependent on the ability of our marketing function to adequately promote, market, and attract customers 
 14 

Table of Contents 

to our platform and offerings in a manner that complies with applicable laws and regulations and at a cost that does not exceed our current budget allocated to marketing. 
 
 A key element of our business strategy is the continued expansion of our marketing infrastructure to drive customer enrollment. As we increase our marketing efforts in connection with the expansion of our platform offerings, we will need to further expand the reach of our marketing networks. Our future success in this area will depend on our ability to continue to hire, train, retain, and motivate a skilled marketing workforce with significant industry-specific knowledge in various areas, including direct-to-consumer business models, e-commerce, technology, healthcare, and the regulatory restrictions related thereto, as well as the competitive landscape for our solutions. 
 
 If we are unable to expand our marketing capabilities, we may not be able to effectively expand the scope of our platform to attract new customers and give our existing customers additional treatment options. Relatedly, if any of our marketing platforms significantly increase their advertising fees, our ability to expand our marketing reach will be greatly impeded. Any such failure could adversely affect our reputation, revenue, and results of operations. 
 
 Our brand is integral to our success. If we fail to effectively maintain, promote, and enhance our brand in a cost-effective manner, our business and competitive advantage may be harmed. 
 
 We believe that maintaining and enhancing our reputation and brand recognition is critical to our relationships with existing customers, Providers, strategic partners, Affiliated Pharmacies, and Partner Pharmacies, and to our ability to attract new customers, Providers, strategic partners, Affiliated Pharmacies and Partner Pharmacies. The promotion of our brand may require us to make substantial investments, and we anticipate that, given the highly competitive nature of our market, these marketing initiatives may become increasingly difficult and expensive. Brand promotion and marketing activities may not be successful or yield increased revenue, and to the extent that these activities yield increased revenue, the increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur and our results of operations could be harmed. In addition, any factor that diminishes our reputation or that of our management, including failing to meet the expectations of our customers, the Providers on our platform, or partners, could harm our reputation and brand and make it substantially more difficult for us to attract new customers, Providers, and partners. (See Use of social media and celebrity influencers may materially and adversely affect our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties ). If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our reputation and brand recognition in a cost-effective manner, our business may not grow and we could lose our relationships with customers, Providers, and partners, which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The failure of our offerings to achieve and maintain market acceptance could result in us achieving revenue below our expectations, which could cause our business, financial condition, and results of operations to be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our current business strategy is highly dependent on our platform and offerings achieving and maintaining market acceptance. Market acceptance and adoption of our business model and the products and services we make available depend on educating potential customers who may find our products and services useful, as well as potential partners, suppliers, and Providers, as to the distinct features, ease-of-use, positive lifestyle impact, cost savings, and other perceived benefits of our offerings as compared to those of competitors. If we are not successful in demonstrating to existing and potential customers the benefits of our services, our revenue may decline or we may fail to increase our revenue in line with our forecasts. 
 
 Achieving and maintaining market acceptance of our model and our services could be negatively impacted by many factors, including, to the extent they arise from: 
 perceived risks associated with the use of our platform, telehealth or similar technologies generally, including those related to privacy and customer data; 
 our inability to expand into new conditions and to attract Providers qualified to treat those conditions; 
 regulatory developments that affect our business, including in healthcare, data privacy and security, and consumer protection; 
 competitors offering telehealth options or technologies for customers and the rate of acceptance of those solutions as compared to our platform; 
 perceived difficulty or complexity of obtaining a medical consultation or prescription on our platform; 
 the ability of our Affiliated Pharmacies to meet inventory and product fulfillment expectations; and 
 15 

Table of Contents 

negative reviews of Providers treating our customers. 
 
 In addition, our business model and the products and services we make available may be perceived by potential customers, Providers, suppliers, and partners to be less trustworthy or effective than traditional medical care or competitive telehealth options, and people may be unwilling to change their current health regimens or adopt our offerings. Consumers who have healthcare insurance coverage may not wish to use our platform to access healthcare services or products for which insurance reimbursement is not available. Moreover, we believe that Providers can be slow to change their treatment practices or approaches because of perceived liability risks or distrust of departures from traditional practice. Accordingly, we may face resistance to our offerings from brick-and-mortar Providers. 
 
 The market for our model and services is new, rapidly evolving, and increasingly competitive, as the healthcare industry in the United States is undergoing significant structural change and consolidation, which makes it difficult to forecast demand for our solutions. 
 
 The market for our model is new, rapidly evolving and increasingly competitive. We are expanding our business by offering technology-driven access to consultation and treatment options for new conditions, but it is uncertain whether our offerings will achieve and sustain high levels of demand and market adoption. Our future financial performance depends in part on growth in this market, our ability to market effectively and in a cost-efficient manner, and our ability to adapt to emerging demands of existing and potential customers and the evolving regulatory landscape. It is difficult to predict the future growth rate and size of our target market. Negative publicity concerning telehealth generally, our offerings, customer success on our platform, or our market as a whole could limit market acceptance of our business model and services. If our customers do not perceive the benefits of our offerings, or if our offerings do not drive customer use and enrollment, then our market and our customer base may not continue to develop, or they may develop more slowly than we expect. Our success depends in part on the willingness of Providers and healthcare organizations to partner with us, increase their use of telehealth, and our ability to demonstrate the value of our technology to Providers, as well as our existing and potential customers. If Providers, healthcare organizations or regulators work in opposition to us or if we are unable to reduce healthcare costs or drive positive health outcomes for our customers, then the market for our services may not continue to develop, or it might develop more slowly than we expect. Similarly, negative publicity regarding customer confidentiality and privacy in the context of telehealth could limit market acceptance of our business model and services. 
 
 The healthcare industry in the United States is continually undergoing or threatened with significant structural change and is rapidly evolving. We believe demand for our offerings has been driven in part by rapidly growing costs in the traditional healthcare system, difficulties accessing the healthcare system, patient stigma associated with sensitive medical conditions, the movement toward patient-centricity and personalized healthcare, advances in technology, and general movement to telehealth accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic. Widespread acceptance of personalized healthcare enabled by technology is critical to our future growth and success. A reduction in the growth of technology-enabled personalized healthcare could reduce the demand for our services and result in a lower revenue growth rate or decreased revenue. Additionally, the majority of our revenue is driven by products and services offered through our platform on a subscription basis, and the adoption of subscription business models is still relatively new, especially in the healthcare industry. If customers do not shift to subscription business models and subscription health management tools do not achieve widespread adoption, or if there is a reduction in demand for subscription products and services or subscription health management tools, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Additionally, if healthcare or healthcare benefits trends shift or entirely new technologies are developed that replace existing offerings, our existing or future services could be rendered obsolete and require that we materially change our technology or business model. If we are unable to do so, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, we may experience difficulties with software development, industry standards, design or marketing that could delay or prevent our development, introduction, or implementation of new options on our platform and any enhancements thereto. Any such difficulties may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Competitive platforms or other technological breakthroughs for the monitoring, management, treatment, or prevention of medical conditions may adversely affect demand for our offerings. 
 
 Our ability to achieve our strategic objectives will depend, among other things, on our ability to enable fast and efficient telehealth consultations, maintain comprehensive and affordable offerings, ensure the successful operation of our Affiliated 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Pharmacies, and deliver an accessible and reliable platform that is more appealing and user-friendly than available alternatives. Our competitors, as well as a number of other companies and providers, within and outside the healthcare industry, are pursuing new devices, delivery technologies, sensing technologies, procedures, treatments, drugs, and other therapies for the monitoring and treatment of medical conditions. Any technological breakthroughs in monitoring, treatment, or prevention of medical conditions that we could not similarly leverage could reduce the potential market for our offerings, which could significantly reduce our revenue and our potential to grow certain aspects of our business. 
 
 The introduction by competitors of solutions or offerings that are or claim to be superior to our platform or offerings may create market confusion, which may make it difficult for potential customers to differentiate between the benefits of our offerings and competitive solutions. In addition, the entry of multiple new products may lead some of our competitors to employ pricing strategies that could adversely affect the pricing of products and services we make available. If a competitor develops a product or business that competes with or is perceived to be superior to our offerings, or if a competitor employs strategies that place downward pressure on pricing within our industry, our revenue may decline significantly or may not increase in line with our forecasts, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We operate in highly competitive markets and face competition from large, well-established healthcare providers, traditional retailers, pharmaceutical providers, and technology companies with significant resources, and, as a result, we may not be able to compete effectively. 
 
 The markets for healthcare and technology are intensely competitive, subject to rapid change, and significantly affected by new product and technological introductions and other market activities of industry participants. We compete directly not only with other established telehealth providers but also traditional healthcare providers, pharmacies, large retailers that sell non-prescription products, including, for example, nutritional supplements, vitamins, and hair care treatments, as well as technology companies entering into the health and wellness industry. Our current competitors include traditional healthcare providers expanding into the telehealth market, incumbent telehealth providers, as well as new entrants into our market that are focused on direct-to-consumer healthcare or healthcare technology. Our competitors further include enterprise-focused companies that may enter the direct-to-consumer healthcare industry, as well as direct-to-consumer healthcare providers and technology companies. Many of our current and potential competitors may have greater name and brand recognition, longer operating histories, or significantly greater resources than we do, or may be able to offer products and services similar to those offered on our platform at more attractive prices than we can. Further, our current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater available resources, which has occurred and may continue to occur in our industry. In addition, our competitors have established, and may in the future establish, cooperative relationships with vendors of complementary products, technologies, or services to increase the availability of their solutions in the marketplace. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, or customer requirements and may have the ability to initiate or withstand substantial price competition. 
 
 New competitors or alliances may emerge that have greater market share, a larger customer base, more widely adopted proprietary technologies, greater marketing expertise, and greater financial resources, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. For example, some state and federal regulatory authorities lowered certain barriers to the practice of telehealth in order to make remote healthcare services more accessible in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Although it is unclear whether these regulatory changes will be permanent or that they will have a long-term impact on the adoption of telehealth services by the general public or legislative and regulatory authorities, these changes may result in greater competition for our business. The lower barriers to entry may allow various new competitors to enter the market more quickly and cost effectively than before the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Additionally, we believe that the COVID-19 pandemic has introduced many new users to telehealth and further reinforced its benefits to potential competitors. We believe this may drive additional industry consolidation or cooperative relationships that may result in competitors with greater resources and access to potential customers. For example, we believe the COVID-19 pandemic may have caused various traditional healthcare providers to evaluate, and in some cases, pursue telehealth options that can be paired with their in-person capabilities. These industry changes could better position our competitors to serve certain segments of our current or future markets, which could create additional price pressure. In light of these factors, even if our offerings are more effective than those of our competitors, current or potential customers may accept competitive solutions in lieu of purchasing from us. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to distinguish our company and our offerings from our competitors and their products, and includes factors such as: 
 accessibility, ease of use and convenience; 
 price and affordability; 
 personalization; 
 brand recognition; 
 long-term outcomes; 
 breadth and efficacy of offerings; 
 market penetration; 
 marketing resources and effectiveness; 
 partnerships and alliances; 
 relationships with Providers, suppliers and partners; and 
 regulatory compliance recourses. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully compete with existing and potential competitors, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We have experienced rapid growth in recent fiscal years and expect to continue to invest in our growth for the foreseeable future. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service, or adequately address competitive challenges. 
 
 We have recently experienced a period of rapid growth in our operations and headcount. The historical revenue of Hims Hers grew from 148.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, to 271.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 526.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our number of full-time employees has increased significantly over the last few years, from 181 employees as of December 31, 2020 to 651 employees as of December 31, 2022. We have also established operations in the U.K., launched the Affiliated Pharmacies dedicated to our operations, completed acquisitions of HHL and Apostrophe, and significantly increased the size of our customer base. 
 
 We anticipate that we will continue to significantly expand our operations and headcount in the near term, including internationally. This growth has placed, and future growth will place, a significant strain on our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. Our success will depend in part on our ability to continue to manage this growth effectively and execute our business plan. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial, and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures, and we will need to ensure that we maintain high levels of customer support. Failure to effectively manage growth and execute our business plan could result in difficulty or delays in increasing the size of our customer base, declines in quality of customer support or customer satisfaction, increases in costs, difficulties in introducing new products or features, or other operational difficulties, and any of these difficulties could adversely affect our business performance and results of operations. 
 
 We are dependent on our relationships with the Affiliated Medical Groups, which we do not own, to provide healthcare consultation services, and our business could be adversely affected if those relationships were disrupted. 
 
 In certain jurisdictions, the corporate practice of medicine doctrine generally prohibits non-physicians from practicing medicine, including by employing physicians to provide clinical services, directing the clinical practice of physicians, or holding an ownership interest in an entity that employs or contracts with physicians. Some states have similar doctrines with respect to other professional licensure categories, including behavioral health services. Other practices, such as professionals splitting their professional fees with a non-professional, are also prohibited in some jurisdictions. Many states also limit the extent to which nurse practitioners and physician assistants can practice independently and require that they practice under the supervision of or in collaboration with a supervising physician. 
 
 Through our platform, our customers gain access to one or more licensed Providers, including physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and behavioral health providers for telehealth consultations conducted by video, phone, and/or store-and-forward technology. These Providers are employed by or contracted with Affiliated Medical Groups. We enter into certain contractual arrangements with the Affiliated Medical Groups and their provider owners, including an administrative services 
 18 

Table of Contents 

agreement with each Affiliated Medical Group for the exclusive provision by us of non-clinical services and support for the Affiliated Medical Groups. While we expect that these relationships with the Affiliated Medical Groups will continue, we cannot guarantee that they will. We believe that our arrangements with the Affiliated Medical Groups have been structured to comply with applicable law and allow the Providers the ability to maintain exclusive authority regarding the provision of clinical healthcare services (including consults that may lead to the writing of prescriptions), but there can be no assurance that government entities or courts would find our approach to be consistent with their interpretation of, and enforcement activities or initiatives related to, these laws and the corporate practice of medicine doctrine or similar prohibitions. If our arrangements are deemed to be inconsistent with any applicable government entity s interpretation of a law or regulation prohibiting the corporate practice of medicine, a fee-splitting law, or similar regulatory prohibitions, we would need to restructure the arrangements with the Affiliated Medical Groups to create a compliant arrangement or terminate the arrangement, and we could face fines or other penalties in connection with such arrangements. A material change in our relationships with the Affiliated Medical Groups, whether resulting from a dispute, a change in government regulation or enforcement patterns, a determination of non-compliance, or the loss of these agreements or business relationships, could impair our ability to provide products and services to our customers and could have a material adverse effect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Violations of the prohibition on corporate practice of medicine doctrine, fee-splitting, or similar laws may impose penalties (e.g., fines or license suspension) on Providers, which could discourage professionals from entering into arrangements with the Affiliated Medical Groups and using our platform and could result in lawsuits by Providers against the Affiliated Medical Groups and us. These laws and regulations are subject to change and enforcement based upon political, regulatory, and other influences. More restrictive treatment of healthcare professionals relationships with non-professionals such as our company in the healthcare services delivery context could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 If the Affiliated Medical Groups are unable to attract and retain high-quality Providers to perform services on our platform, or if we are unable to develop or maintain satisfactory relationships with these Providers or the Affiliated Medical Groups, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our success depends on our continued ability to maintain customer access to a network of qualified Providers, which includes medical doctors, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and licensed behavioral health providers. If the Affiliated Medical Groups are unable to recruit and retain licensed physicians and other qualified Providers to perform services on our platform, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and ability to grow and could adversely affect our results of operations. In any particular market, Providers could demand higher payments from the Affiliated Medical Groups or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs, less attractive service for our customers, or difficulty meeting regulatory requirements. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with Providers and the Affiliated Medical Groups also may be negatively impacted by other factors not associated with us, such as pressures on Providers, consolidation activity among hospitals, physician groups, and other healthcare providers, changes in the patterns of delivery and payment for healthcare services, and any perceived liability risks associated with the use of telehealth. The failure to maintain or to secure new cost-effective arrangements with the Affiliated Medical Groups that engage the Providers on our platform may result in a loss of, or inability to grow, our customer base, higher costs, less attractive service for our customers and/or difficulty in meeting regulatory requirements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The activities and quality of Providers treating our customers and pharmacies performing fulfillment and distribution, including any potentially unethical or illegal practices, could damage our brand, subject us to liability, and harm our business and financial results. 
 
 Our business entails the risk of professional liability claims against the Affiliated Medical Groups, the Providers they engage on our platform, our Partner Pharmacies, our Affiliated Pharmacies, and us. Although we carry insurance covering medical malpractice claims in amounts that we believe are appropriate in light of the risks attendant to our business, successful professional liability or other claims could result in substantial damage awards that exceed the limits of our insurance coverage. In addition, professional liability insurance is expensive and insurance premiums may increase significantly in the future, particularly as we expand the scope of our services and the number of conditions for which we provide access to treatment. As a result, adequate professional liability insurance may not be available to the Affiliated Medical Groups, the Providers, our Affiliated Pharmacies, our Partner Pharmacies, or to us in the future at acceptable costs or at all. 
 
 Any claims made against us, our Partner Pharmacies, our Affiliated Pharmacies, the Affiliated Medical Groups, and/or the Providers that are not fully covered by insurance could be costly to defend against, result in substantial damage awards against 
 19 

Table of Contents 

us, and divert the attention of our management, our Partner Pharmacies, our Affiliated Pharmacies, Affiliated Medical Groups, and/or Providers from their respective operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, claims against us, even if covered by insurance, may adversely affect our business, brand, or reputation, and divert the attention of our management, our Partner Pharmacies, our Affiliated Pharmacies, Affiliated Medical Groups, and/or Providers. If our customers have negative experiences on our platform as a result of the activities or quality of Providers, including any allegations of potentially unethical or illegal practices, such negative experiences could subject us to liability and negatively affect our brand, our ability to attract new customers, and our ability to retain existing customers. 
 
 Any failure to offer high-quality support may adversely affect our relationships with customers and Providers, and in turn our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 In using our platform, our customers depend on our customer support to resolve issues in a timely manner. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in demand for customer support. We also may be unable to modify the nature, scope, and delivery of our offerings or customer support to compete with changes in solutions provided by our competitors. Increased customer demand for support could increase costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our revenue is highly dependent on our reputation and on positive recommendations from our customers, the Providers on our platform, and partners. Any failure to maintain high-quality customer support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality customer support, could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to sell the offerings on our platform, and in turn our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected if Providers were classified as employees of the Affiliated Medical Groups instead of independent contractors. 
 
 The Affiliated Medical Groups typically engage Providers that perform services through our platform as independent contractors. The Affiliated Medical Groups believe that the Providers are independent contractors because, among other things, they can choose whether, when, and where to provide services on our platform and are free to provide services on our competitors platforms. Nevertheless, recent legislative and judicial activity have in some jurisdictions created more restrictive standards or enforcement uncertainty with respect to the classification of workers within certain industries. The Affiliated Medical Groups may not be successful in defending the independent contractor status of Providers in some or all jurisdictions in which we and/or they operate. Furthermore, the costs associated with defending, settling, or resolving pending and future lawsuits (including demands for arbitration) relating to the independent contractor status of Providers could be material to the Affiliated Medical Groups. Foreign, state, and local laws governing the definition or classification of independent contractors, or changes thereto, or judicial decisions regarding independent contractor classification, could require classification of Providers as employees (or workers or quasi-employees where those statuses exist) of the Affiliated Medical Groups. If the Affiliated Medical Groups are required to classify Providers as employees (or as workers or quasi-employees where applicable), it could result in significant additional expenses, potentially including expenses associated with the application of wage and hour laws (including minimum wage, overtime, and meal and rest period requirements), employee benefits, social security contributions, taxes, and penalties. Further, any such reclassification could add significant complexity to our business model and could force us to have to modify or renegotiate our relationships with the Affiliated Medical Groups, which may not be possible on mutually agreeable terms, and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Acquisitions and investments could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other harmful consequences that may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, if we are not able to identify and successfully acquire suitable businesses, our results of operations and prospects could be harmed. 
 
 We have made, and may in the future make, acquisitions to add employees, complementary companies, products, solutions, technologies, and/or revenue. These transactions could be material to our results of operations and financial condition. We also expect to continue to evaluate and enter into discussions regarding a wide array of potential strategic transactions in the United States as well as in international markets. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to complete acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. The process of integrating acquired 
 20 

Table of Contents 

companies, businesses, or technologies has created, and will continue to create, unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. The related areas where we face risks include, but are not limited to: 
 diversion of management s time and focus from operating our business to addressing acquisition integration challenges; 
 loss of key employees of the acquired company and other challenges associated with integrating new employees into our culture, as well as reputational harm if integration is not successful; 
 difficulties in integrating and managing the combined operations, technologies, technology platforms, and products of the acquired companies, and realizing the anticipated economic, operational, and other benefits in a timely manner, which could result in substantial costs and delays or other operational, technical, or financial problems; 
 regulatory complexities of integrating or managing the combined operations or expanding into other industries or parts of the healthcare industry; 
 assumption of contractual obligations that contain terms that are not beneficial to us, require us to license or waive intellectual property rights, or increase our risk for liabilities; 
 failure to successfully further develop the acquired technology or realize our intended business strategy; 
 uncertainty of entry into markets in which we have limited or no prior experience or in which competitors have stronger market positions; 
 unanticipated costs associated with pursuing acquisitions; 
 failure to find commercial success with the products or services of the acquired company; 
 difficulty of transitioning the acquired technology onto our existing platforms and maintaining the security standards for such technology consistent with our other solutions; 
 failure to successfully onboard customers or maintain brand quality of acquired companies; 
 responsibility for the liabilities of acquired businesses, including those that were not disclosed to us or exceed our estimates, as well as, without limitation, liabilities arising out of an acquired business failure to maintain effective data protection and privacy controls and comply with applicable regulations; 
 failure to generate the expected financial results related to an acquisition on a timely manner or at all; and 
 potential accounting charges to the extent intangibles recorded in connection with an acquisition, such as goodwill, trademarks, client relationships, or intellectual property, are later determined to be impaired and written down in value. 
 
 Acquisitions can also result in expenditures of significant cash, dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, restrictions on our business, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. In addition, any acquisitions we announce could be viewed negatively by customers, Providers, partners, suppliers, or investors. 
 
 Additionally, competition within our industry for acquisitions of businesses, technologies and assets may become intense. Even if we are able to identify an acquisition that we would like to consummate, we may not be able to complete the acquisition on commercially reasonable terms or the target may be acquired by another company. We may enter into negotiations for acquisitions that are not ultimately consummated. Those negotiations could result in diversion of management s time and significant out-of-pocket costs. If we fail to evaluate and execute acquisitions successfully, we may not be able to realize the benefits of these acquisitions, and our results of operations could be harmed. If we are unable to successfully address any of these risks, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be harmed. 
 
 Expansion into international markets is important for our long-term growth, and as we expand internationally, we will face additional business, political, legal, regulatory, operational, financial, and economic risks, any of which could increase our costs and hinder such growth. 
 
 Expanding our business to attract customers, Providers, and suppliers in countries other than the United States is an element of our long-term business strategy. For example, in June 2021, we acquired all of the outstanding equity of HHL, an entity that offers health and wellness products and services, to further expand our operations in the United Kingdom. An important part of 
 21 

Table of Contents 

targeting international markets is increasing our brand awareness and establishing relationships with partners internationally. Conducting business internationally involves a number of risks, including: 
 uncertain legal and regulatory requirements applicable to telehealth and prescription medication; 
 our inability to replicate our domestic business structure consistently outside of the United States, especially as it relates to our contractual arrangement with affiliated professional entities; 
 multiple, conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as tax laws, privacy and data protection laws and regulations, export and import restrictions, employment laws, regulatory requirements and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses; 
 obtaining regulatory approvals or clearances where required for the sale of our offerings, products, and services in various countries; 
 requirements to maintain data and the processing of that data on servers located within the United States or in other countries; 
 protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights; 
 logistics and regulations associated with prescribing medicine online and engaging with Partner Pharmacies to ship the prescribed medication; 
 natural disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism, social or political unrest, including civil unrest, protests, and other public demonstrations, outbreaks of disease, pandemics or epidemics, boycotts, curtailment of trade, and other market restrictions; and 
 regulatory and compliance risks that relate to maintaining accurate information and control over activities subject to regulation under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), and comparable laws and regulations in other countries. 
 
 Our ability to continue to expand our business and to attract talented employees, customers, Providers, partners, and suppliers in various international markets will require considerable management attention and resources and is subject to the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute resolution systems, regulatory systems, and commercial infrastructures. Entering new international markets will be expensive, our ability to successfully gain market acceptance in any particular market is uncertain, and the distraction of our senior management team could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Economic uncertainty or downturns, particularly as it impacts particular industries, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 In recent years, the United States and other significant markets have experienced cyclical downturns and worldwide economic conditions remain uncertain, particularly as a result of increasing inflation and related market and macroeconomic responses including interest rate increases, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and its related resurgences and variants, and the ongoing conflict arising out of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Economic uncertainty and associated macroeconomic conditions, including geopolitical tensions, escalating inflation, supply chain issues and the availability and cost of credit and government stimulus programs in the United States and other countries have contributed to increased market volatility or market declines, make it extremely difficult for our partners, suppliers, and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities, could cause our customers to slow spending on our offerings, and could limit the ability of our Partner Pharmacies and our Affiliated Pharmacies to purchase sufficient quantities of pharmaceutical products from suppliers, which could adversely affect our ability to fulfill customer orders and attract new Providers. 
 
 A significant downturn in the domestic or global economy may cause our customers to pause, delay, or cancel spending on our platform or seek to lower their costs by exploring alternative providers or our competitors. To the extent purchases of our offerings are perceived by customers and potential customers as discretionary, our revenue may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in general health and wellness spending. Also, competitors may respond to challenging market conditions by lowering prices and attempting to lure away our customers. 
 
 We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown or recession, or any subsequent recovery generally, or any industry in particular. If the conditions in the general economy and the markets in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

The COVID-19 pandemic has increased interest in and consumer use of telehealth solutions, including our platform, and we cannot guarantee that this increased interest will continue after the pandemic. 
 
 The global COVID-19 pandemic and measures introduced by local, state, federal, and international jurisdictions to contain the virus and mitigate its public health effects have significantly impacted and may continue to significantly impact our industry and the global economy, and the ultimate and durable changes in government and consumer behavior resulting from the pandemic are still unknown and evolving. 
 
 The response to COVID-19 contributed to a steep increase in the use of telehealth across the industry, in part due to governmental waivers of statutory and regulatory restrictions that have historically limited how telehealth may be used in delivering care in certain jurisdictions. We do not know whether all of these regulatory changes will be permanent, or how long certain changes will remain in place. There has been renewed focus on telehealth among legislatures and regulators due to COVID-19 and the expanded use of telehealth that could result in regulatory changes inconsistent with or that place additional restrictions on our current business model or operations in certain jurisdictions. If consumer adoption of telehealth generally or our platform in particular materially decreases as the COVID-19 restrictions continue to be and remain lifted, or if reevaluation of existing laws in light of COVID-19 and its ongoing effects results in regulatory changes that limit our current activities, our industry, business, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 If we are unable to deliver a rewarding experience on mobile devices, whether through our mobile website or our mobile applications, we may be unable to attract and retain customers. 
 
 We believe that current and prospective customers are increasingly interested in accessing telehealth offerings through mobile devices. We maintain a mobile website and in January 2022, we announced the full launch of our first mobile application on the App Store. Developing and supporting mobile websites and mobile applications across multiple operating systems and devices requires substantial time and resources. Despite devoting significant time and resources to developing mobile solutions, we may not be able to develop mobile solutions that meet the needs of our customers or consistently provide a rewarding customer experience. As a result, our ability to attract new customers could be impaired and customers we meet through our mobile websites or mobile applications may not choose to use our offerings at the same rate as customers we meet through our websites. 
 
 As new mobile devices and mobile operating systems are released, we may encounter problems in developing or supporting our mobile websites or mobile applications for them. Developing or supporting our mobile website or mobile applications for new devices and their operating systems may require substantial time and resources. The success of our mobile websites and mobile applications could also be harmed by factors outside of our control, such as: 
 increased costs to develop, distribute, or maintain our mobile websites or mobile applications; 
 changes to the terms of service or requirements of a mobile application store that requires us to change our mobile application development or features in an adverse manner; and 
 changes in mobile operating systems, such as Apple s iOS and Google s Android, that disproportionately affect us, degrade the functionality of our mobile websites or mobile applications, require that we make costly upgrades to our technology offerings, or give preferential treatment to competitors websites or mobile applications. 
 
 If our customers experience difficulty accessing or using, or if they elect not to use, our mobile websites or mobile applications, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the internet and mobile networks. 
 
 Our ability to deliver our internet-based and mobile application-based services depends on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet by third parties. This includes maintenance of a reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity, bandwidth capacity, and security. Our services are designed to operate without interruption. However, we may experience future interruptions and delays in services and availability from time to time. In the event of a catastrophic event with respect to one or more of our systems or those of our service providers, we may experience an extended period of 
 23 

Table of Contents 

system unavailability, which could negatively impact our relationship with customers, Providers, partners, and suppliers. To operate without interruption, both we and our service providers must guard against: 
 damage from power loss, natural disasters (such as earthquakes, fires, floods, tsunamis and other extreme weather), and other force majeure events outside our control; 
 communications failures; 
 software and hardware errors, failures, and crashes; 
 security breaches, computer viruses, hacking, denial-of-service attacks, and similar disruptive problems; and 
 other potential interruptions. 
 
 We also rely on software licensed from third parties in order to offer our services. These licenses are generally commercially available on varying terms. However, it is possible that this software may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of this software could result in delays in the provisioning of our services until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained and integrated. Furthermore, our use of additional or alternative third-party software would require us to enter into license agreements with third parties, and integration of our software with new third-party software may require significant work and require substantial investment of our time and resources. Also, any undetected errors or defects in third-party software could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of our software, delay new updates or enhancements to our solution, result in a failure of our solution, and injure our reputation. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Any disruption of service at Amazon Web Services, Partner Pharmacies, or other third-party service providers could interrupt access to our platform or delay our customers ability to seek treatment . 
 
 We currently host our platform, serve our customers and support our operations in the United States using Amazon Web Services AWS ), a provider of cloud infrastructure services, and through Partner Pharmacies and other third-party service providers, including shipping providers and contract manufacturers. We do not have control over the operations of the facilities of AWS, Partner Pharmacies, or other third-party service providers. Such facilities are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, cyber security attacks, terrorist attacks, power losses, telecommunications failures, and similar events. The occurrence of any such event, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in our ability to generate revenue through customer purchases on the platform. The facilities also could be subject to break-ins, computer viruses, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, and other misconduct. Our platform s continuing and uninterrupted performance is critical to our success. Because our platform is used by our customers to engage with Providers who can diagnose, manage, and treat medical conditions, and pharmacies that can fulfill and ship prescription medication, it is critical that our platform be accessible without interruption or degradation of performance. Customers may become dissatisfied by any system failure that interrupts our ability to provide our platform or access to the products and services offered through our platform to them. Outages and pharmacy closures could lead to claims of damages from our customers, Providers on our platform, partners, suppliers, and others. We may not be able to easily switch our AWS operations to another cloud provider if there are disruptions or interference with our use of AWS. Sustained or repeated system failures could reduce the attractiveness of our offerings to customers and result in contract terminations, thereby reducing revenue. Moreover, negative publicity arising from these types of disruptions could damage our reputation and may adversely impact use of our platform. We may not carry sufficient business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur as a result of any events that cause interruptions in our platform. Thus, any such disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 None of our call centers, Partner Pharmacies, shipping providers, contract manufacturers, nor AWS have an obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew our agreements with these third-party service providers on commercially reasonable terms, if our agreements with these providers are prematurely terminated, or if in the future we add additional data, call center, or pharmacy providers, we may experience costs or downtime in connection with the transfer to, or the addition of, such new providers. If these third-party service providers were to increase the cost of their services, we may have to increase the price of our offerings, and our results of operations may be adversely impacted. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

We depend on a number of other companies to perform functions critical to our ability to operate our platform, generate revenue from customers, and to perform many of the related functions. 
 
 We depend on the Affiliated Medical Groups and their Providers to deliver quality healthcare consultations and services through our platform, and the Affiliated Pharmacies to provide efficient fulfillment and distribution of prescription medication. Any interruption in the availability of a sufficient number of Providers or supply from our Partner Pharmacies or Affiliated Pharmacies could materially and adversely affect our ability to satisfy our customers and ensure they receive consultation services and any medication that they have been prescribed. If we were to lose our relationship with one of the Affiliated Medical Groups, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to ensure access to a sufficient network of Providers. Similarly, if we were to lose our relationship with one of our Affiliated Pharmacies or Partner Pharmacies, are unable to obtain access for customers to low cost pharmaceutical products through our Partner Pharmacies or Affiliated Pharmacies, or one of the Affiliated Pharmacies or Partner Pharmacies was subject to regulatory or legal enforcement, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to find, perform due diligence on, and engage with one or more replacement partners in a timely manner. Our ability to service customer requirements could be materially impaired or interrupted in the event that our relationship with an Affiliated Medical Group, Affiliated Pharmacy or Partner Pharmacy is terminated, or any Affiliated Medical Group, Affiliated Pharmacy, or Partner Pharmacy experiences a disruption in operations, including as the result of regulatory or legal enforcement. We also depend on cloud infrastructure providers, payment processors, suppliers of non-prescription products and packaging, and various others that allow our platform to function effectively and serve the needs of our customers. Difficulties with our significant partners and suppliers, regardless of the reason, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Disruption in our global supply chain and changes to tax or trade policy could negatively impact our business. 
 
 The products we sell on our platform and through retailers are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors, and any future disruption in our supply chain or inability to find qualified vendors and access products that meet requisite quality and safety standards in a timely and efficient manner could adversely impact our business. While we have not experienced material supply chain issues to date, the loss or disruption of such supply arrangements for any reason, including as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, other acts of war or terrorism, trade sanctions, escalating inflation, the COVID-19 or other health epidemics or pandemics, labor disputes, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, inability to procure sufficient raw materials, quality control issues, ethical sourcing issues, a supplier s financial distress, natural disasters, looting or other external factors over which we have no control, could interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed and remedied, have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, any major changes in tax or trade policy, such as the imposition of additional tariffs or duties on imported products, or trade sanctions, between the U.S. and countries from which we source merchandise, directly or indirectly, could require us to take certain actions, such as raising prices on our offerings or seeking alternative sources of supply from vendors with whom we have less familiarity, which could adversely affect our reputation, revenue, and our results of operations. 
 
 Our pharmacy business subjects us to additional healthcare laws and regulations beyond those we face with our core telehealth business, and increases the complexity and extent of our compliance and regulatory obligations. 
 
 XeCare, one of our Affiliated Pharmacies that is dedicated to our operations, launched in Ohio in 2021, and is in the process of obtaining licensure in additional geographies. We also acquired Apostrophe in July 2021, which has an Affiliated Pharmacy dedicated to its operations (Apostrophe Pharmacy). While the Affiliated Pharmacies operate exclusively in support of the Company, similar to the Affiliated Medical Groups, the Company does not directly own the Affiliated Pharmacies due to state-based regulatory considerations. Many states require advance notice and approval by the state s board of pharmacy with respect to changes in ownership. These requirements could result in delays to an Affiliated Pharmacy obtaining licensure in a given jurisdiction or disruptions to our business in the event of a change of control with respect to an Affiliated Pharmacy, which could adversely affect our revenue or results of operations. 
 
 The operation of our Affiliated Pharmacies also subjects us to extensive federal, state, and local regulation. Pharmacies, pharmacists, and pharmacy technicians are subject to a variety of federal and state statutes and regulations governing various aspects of the pharmacy business, including the distribution of drugs; operation of mail order pharmacies; licensure of facilities and professionals, including pharmacists, technicians, and other healthcare professionals; compounding of prescription medications; packaging, storing, distributing, shipping, and tracking of pharmaceuticals; repackaging of drug products; labeling, medication guides, and other consumer disclosures; interactions with prescribing professionals; counseling of patients; prescription transfers; advertisement of prescription products and pharmacy services; security; and reporting to the U.S. Food 
 25 

Table of Contents 

and Drug Administration (the FDA ), state boards of pharmacy, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, and other state enforcement or regulatory agencies. Many states have laws and regulations requiring out-of-state mail-order pharmacies to register with that state s board of pharmacy. In addition, the FDA inspects facilities in connection with procedures to effect recalls of prescription drugs. The Federal Trade Commission also has requirements for mail-order sellers of goods. The U.S. Postal Service (the USPS has statutory authority to restrict the transmission of drugs and medicines through the mail to a degree that may have an adverse effect on our mail-order operations. The USPS historically has exercised this statutory authority only with respect to controlled substances. However, if the USPS restricts our ability to deliver drugs through the mail, alternative means of delivery are available to us, though such alternative means of delivery could be significantly more expensive. The U.S. Department of Transportation has regulatory authority to impose restrictions on drugs inserted into the stream of commerce. These regulations generally do not apply to the USPS and its operations. Failure to successfully expand our capabilities or any failure or perceived failure by us or our Affiliated Pharmacies to comply with any applicable federal, state, or local law or regulation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and may expose us to civil and criminal penalties. 
 
 Our payments system depends on third-party service providers and is subject to evolving laws and regulations. 
 
 We have engaged third-party service providers to perform underlying card processing, currency exchange, and identity verification. If these service providers do not perform adequately or if our relationships with these service providers were to terminate, our ability to accept orders through the platform could be adversely affected and our business could be harmed. In addition, incorrect identity verification data with respect to our current or potential customers received from third-party service providers, including as a result of an individual customer providing untruthful or inaccurate information, has in the past and may in the future result in us inadvertently allowing access to our offerings, including treatments and medications, to individuals who should not be permitted to access them, or otherwise inadvertently denying access to individuals who should be able to access our offerings, in each case based on inaccurate identity determination. These risks may subject us to disciplinary action, fines, lawsuits, and our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further , if any of these third-party service providers increase the fees they charge us, our operating expenses could increase and if we respond by increasing the fees we charge to our customers, we could lose some of our customers. 
 
 The laws and regulations related to payments are complex and vary across different jurisdictions in the United States and globally. As a result, we are required to spend significant time and effort to comply with those laws and regulations. Any failure or claim of our failure to comply, or any failure by our third-party service providers to comply, could cost us substantial resources, could result in liabilities, or could force us to stop offering third-party payment systems. As we expand the availability of payments via third parties or offer new payment methods to our customers in the future, we may become subject to additional regulations and compliance requirements. 
 
 Further, through our agreement with our third-party credit card processor, we are indirectly subject to payment card association operating rules and certification requirements, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. We are also subject to rules governing electronic funds transfers. Any change in these rules and requirements could make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. Any such difficulties or failures with respect to the payment systems we utilize may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our pricing decisions may adversely affect our ability to attract new customers, Providers, and other partners. 
 
 We have limited experience determining the optimal prices for our offerings. As competitors introduce new solutions that compete with our offerings, especially in the telehealth market where we face significant competition, we may be unable to attract new customers, Providers, or other partners at the same price or based on the same pricing models as we have used historically. Pricing decisions may also impact the mix of adoption among the products and services that we make available and negatively impact our overall revenue. As a result, in the future we may be required to reduce our prices, which could adversely affect our revenue, gross profit, profitability, financial position, and cash flows. 
 
 Our success depends on the continuing and collaborative efforts of our management team, and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services. 
 
 Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our key executive officers. These executive officers are at-will employees and therefore they may terminate employment with us at any time with no advance notice. We rely on our leadership 
 26 

Table of Contents 

team in the areas of marketing, legal and regulatory compliance, telehealth, operations, finance, public policy and government relations, people operations, investor relations, communications, and other general and administrative functions. From time to time, there have been and may in the future be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business. The replacement of one or more of our executive officers or other key employees would likely involve significant time and costs and may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. 
 
 We depend on our talent to grow and operate our business, and if we are unable to hire, integrate, develop, motivate, and retain our personnel, we may not be able to grow effectively. 
 
 Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain high-quality management in marketing, engineering, operations, healthcare, regulatory, legal, finance, accounting, and support functions. Competition for qualified employees is intense in our industry, and the loss of even a few qualified employees, or an inability to attract, retain, and motivate additional highly skilled employees required for the planned expansion of our business could harm our results of operations and impair our ability to grow. To attract and retain key personnel, we use various measures, including an equity incentive program for key executive officers and other employees. These measures may not be enough to attract and retain the personnel we require to operate our business effectively. 
 
 As we continue to grow, we may be unable to continue to attract or retain the personnel we need to maintain our competitive position. In addition to hiring new employees, we must continue to focus on retaining our best talent. Competition for these resources, particularly for engineers, is intense. 
 
 We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract new and existing employees and we may never realize returns on these investments. If we are not able to effectively increase and retain our talent, our ability to achieve our strategic objectives will be adversely impacted, and our business will be harmed. The loss of one or more of our key employees, and any failure to have in place and execute an effective succession plan for key employees, could seriously harm our business. Employees may be more likely to leave us if the shares of our capital stock they own or the shares of our capital stock underlying their equity incentive awards have significantly reduced in value, or the shares of our capital stock they own or the vested shares of our capital stock underlying their equity incentive awards have significantly appreciated. 
 
 We also have a remote-first policy that permits most of our employees to work remotely should their particular positions allow. While we believe that most of our operations can be performed remotely, there is no guarantee that we will be as effective while working remotely because our team is dispersed and many employees may have additional personal needs to attend to or distractions in their remote work environment. To the extent our current or future remote work policies result in decreased productivity, harm our company culture, or otherwise negatively affect our business, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 A significant portion of our inventory is stored in our Ohio facility, and we also hold inventory at our Apostrophe Pharmacy facility, and any damage or disruption at either facility may harm our business. 
 
 Our Ohio facility and Apostrophe Pharmacy collectively have a significant portion of our inventory located at their facilities. A natural disaster, fire, power interruption, work stoppage, or other calamity at either of these facilities would significantly disrupt our ability to deliver our products and operate our business. If any material amount of our facility, machinery, or inventory were damaged or unusable, we would be unable to meet our obligations to customers and wholesale partners, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Governmental Regulation 
 
 If we fail to comply with applicable healthcare and other governmental regulations, we could face substantial penalties, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected, and we may be required to restructure our operations. 
 
 The healthcare industry is subject to changing political, economic and regulatory influences that may affect companies like ours. During the past several years, the healthcare industry has been subject to an increase in governmental regulation and subject to potential disruption due to such regulation and legislative initiatives, as well as judicial interpretations thereof. While 
 27 

Table of Contents 

these regulations may not directly impact us or our offerings in every instance, they have and will affect the healthcare industry as a whole and may impact customer use of the services we offer on our platform. The healthcare industry in general is also subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations that carry substantial criminal and civil fines and penalties. Under our current business model, we accept payments only from our customers, and not from any third-party payors, such as government healthcare programs or health insurers. Because of this approach, we are not currently subject to many of the laws and regulations that impact many other participants in healthcare industry. However, if we begin accepting reimbursement from insurance providers or other third parties or if the government asserts broader regulatory control over companies like ours, the complexity of our operations and our compliance obligations will materially increase. Failure to comply with any applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Even within the narrowed band of applicable healthcare laws and regulations, because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of available statutory and regulatory exemptions, it is possible that some of our activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. Any action brought against us for violations of these laws or regulations, even if successfully defended, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. 
 
 Although we have adopted policies and procedures designed to comply with applicable laws and regulations and conduct internal reviews of our compliance with these laws, our compliance is also subject to governmental review. The growth of our business and sales organization and our future continued expansion outside of the United States may increase the potential of violating these laws or our internal policies and procedures. The risk of our being found in violation of these or other laws and regulations is further increased by the fact that many have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Any action brought against us for violation of these or other laws or regulations, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal, state, and foreign laws described above or any other current or future fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including significant criminal, civil and administrative penalties, damages and fines, disgorgement, additional reporting requirements and oversight, imprisonment for individuals, and exclusion from the ability to participate in government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, as well as contractual damages and reputational harm. We could also be required to curtail or cease our operations. Any of the foregoing consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business and our financial condition. 
 
 Our ability to offer access to our products and services internationally is subject to the applicable laws governing the sale of such products and services, including remote care and the practice of medicine in the applicable jurisdiction. Each country s interpretation and enforcement of these laws is evolving and could vary significantly. We cannot provide assurance that we have accurately interpreted each such law and regulation. Moreover, these laws and regulations may change significantly as this manner of providing products and services evolves. New or revised laws and regulations (or interpretations thereof) could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 If our business practices are found to violate federal or state anti-kickback, physician self-referral, or false claims laws, we may incur significant penalties and reputational damage that could adversely affect our business. 
 
 The healthcare industry is subject to extensive federal and state regulation with respect to kickbacks, physician self-referral arrangements, false claims, and other fraud and abuse issues. For example, the federal anti-kickback law (the Anti-Kickback Law prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, receiving, or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, arranging for, or recommending of an item or service that is reimbursable, in whole or in part, by a federal healthcare program. Remuneration is broadly defined under the Anti-Kickback Law to include anything of value, such as, for example, cash payments, gifts or gift certificates, discounts, or the furnishing of services, supplies, or equipment. The Anti-Kickback Law is broad, and it prohibits many arrangements and practices that are lawful in businesses outside of the healthcare industry. 
 
 The penalties for violating the Anti-Kickback Law can be severe. These sanctions include criminal and civil penalties, imprisonment, and possible exclusion from the federal healthcare programs. Many states have adopted laws similar to the Anti-Kickback Law, and some apply to items and services reimbursable by any payor, including private insurers. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

In addition, the federal ban on physician self-referrals, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits, subject to certain exceptions, physician referrals of Medicare patients to an entity providing certain designated health services if the physician or an immediate family member of the physician has any financial relationship with the entity. A financial relationship is created by an investment interest or a compensation arrangement. Penalties for violating the Stark Law include the return of funds received for all prohibited referrals, fines, civil monetary penalties, and possible exclusion from the federal healthcare programs. In addition to the Stark Law, many states have their own self-referral bans, which may extend to all self-referrals, regardless of the payor. 
 
 The federal False Claims Act (the False Claims Act generally prohibits anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting, or causing to be presented, any claims for payment for goods or services to third-party payors that are false or fraudulent and generally treat claims generated through kickbacks as false or fraudulent. Penalties for violating the False Claims Act include substantial monetary penalties and fines, the imposition of a corporate integrity agreement and possible exclusion from the federal healthcare programs. Many states have adopted laws similar to the False Claims Act. 
 
 Given our current operations and the current state of federal law, none of the Stark Law, the Anti-Kickback Law, or the False Claims Act should apply to our business. If the scope of any of the Anti-Kickback Law, the Stark Law, or the False Claims Act changes or a state analog of any of the Anti-Kickback Law, the Stark Law, or the False Claims Act includes a broader spectrum of activities than the respective federal statute, or if we change our business model to accept payments from third-party payors such as a government program, our failure to comply with such laws, or an allegation that we have not complied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 State-based laws governing kickbacks and physician self-referrals can apply in some cases regardless of whether it is a third-party payor or the customer paying. The interpretation, application, and enforcement of these laws by governmental authorities is a developing area, and there is little precedent to determine how these laws would be applied to companies like ours. Moreover, the safe harbors and exceptions to these laws are often not as well developed as they are at the federal level. Our business practices and marketing activities include certain components that are common among e-commerce and other technology companies, such as the use of social media influencers. While we have structured our business practices and marketing activities in ways that we believe comply with state laws governing kickbacks and physician self-referrals and the policies behind those laws, given the lack of healthcare regulatory precedent specific to these practices, a governmental authority could disagree with our position. If a governmental authority alleged or determined we are not in compliance with these laws, or if new laws or changes to these laws created additional limits on our business practices or marketing activities, we could face fines or other penalties or damages and we may need to modify or terminate certain arrangements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Legislative and regulatory changes specific to the area of telehealth or pharmacy law may present the Affiliated Medical Groups and/or the Affiliated Pharmacies with additional requirements and state compliance costs, which may create additional operational complexity and increase costs. 
 
 The Affiliated Medical Groups and their Providers ability to provide telehealth services to patients in a particular jurisdiction is dependent upon the laws that govern the provision of remote care, professional practice standards, and healthcare delivery in general in that jurisdiction. Likewise, the ability of the Affiliated Pharmacies to fulfill prescriptions and distribute pharmaceutical products, including compounded pharmaceutical products, is dependent upon the laws that govern licensed pharmacies and the fulfillment and distribution of prescription medication and other pharmaceutical products, which include in some cases requirements relating to telehealth. Laws and regulations governing the provision of telehealth services and the compounding, fulfillment, and/or distribution of pharmaceutical products are evolving at a rapid pace and are subject to changing political, regulatory, and other influences. Some states regulatory agencies or medical boards may have established rules or interpreted existing rules in a manner that limits or restricts Providers ability to provide telehealth services or for physicians to supervise nurse practitioners and physician assistants remotely. Additionally, there may be limitations placed on the modality through which telehealth services are delivered. For example, some states specifically require synchronous (or live communications and restrict or exclude the use of asynchronous telehealth modalities, which is also known as store-and-forward telehealth. However, other states do not distinguish between synchronous and asynchronous telehealth services. Similarly, the FDA as well as some states regulatory agencies or pharmacy boards have established rules or interpreted existing rules in a manner that limits or restricts the manner in which prescription medications, including compounded products, can be marketed, dispensed, and sold. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Because these are developing areas of law and regulation, we monitor our compliance in every jurisdiction in which we operate. However, we cannot be assured that our or the Affiliated Medical Groups , Providers , or Affiliated Pharmacies activities and arrangements, if challenged, will be found to be in compliance with the law or that a new or existing law will not be implemented, enforced, or changed in a manner that is unfavorable to our business model. We cannot predict the regulatory landscape for those jurisdictions in which we operate and any significant changes in law, policies, or standards, or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, could occur with little or no notice. The majority of the consultations provided through our platform are asynchronous consultations for customers located in jurisdictions that permit the use of asynchronous telehealth. If there is a change in laws or regulations related to our business, or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, that adversely affects our structure or operations, including greater restrictions on the use of asynchronous telehealth or remote supervision of nurse practitioners or physician assistants, or limitations on the ability to develop or distribute compounded pharmaceutical products, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Evolving government regulations and enforcement activities may require increased costs or adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 In a regulatory climate that is uncertain, our operations may be subject to direct and indirect adoption, expansion or reinterpretation of various laws and regulations. This risk is especially acute in the healthcare industry given the level of government spending, oversight, and control over the industry as a whole. Compliance with these evolving laws, regulations, and interpretations may require us to change our practices at an indeterminable and possibly significant initial monetary and annual expense. These additional monetary expenditures may increase future overhead, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 There could be laws and regulations applicable to our business that we have not identified or that, if changed, may be costly to us, and we cannot predict all the ways in which implementation of such laws and regulations may affect us. 
 
 In the states in which we operate, we believe we are in material compliance with all applicable material regulations, but, due to the uncertain regulatory environment, certain states or federal agencies may determine that we are in violation of their laws and regulations. If we must remedy such violations, we may be required to modify our business and services in a manner that undermines our platform s attractiveness to customers, we may become subject to fines or other penalties or, if we determine that the requirements to operate in compliance in certain states are overly burdensome, we may elect to terminate our operations in such states or eliminate certain products or services. In each case, our revenue may decline and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Additionally, the introduction of new products, services or solutions to our platform may require us to comply with additional, yet undetermined, laws and regulations. Compliance may require obtaining appropriate federal, state, or local licenses or certificates, increasing our security measures and expending additional resources to monitor developments in applicable rules and ensure compliance. The failure to adequately comply with these future laws and regulations may delay or possibly prevent our products or services from being offered to customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in public policy, including those that mandate or enhance healthcare coverage, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and results of operations. 
 
 Our mission is to help the world feel great through the power of better health. It is reasonably possible that our business operations and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by public policy changes at the federal, state, or local level, which include mandatory or enhanced healthcare coverage. Such changes may present us with new marketing and other challenges, which may, for example, cause use of our products and services to decrease or make doing business in particular states less attractive. If we fail to adequately respond to such changes, including by implementing effective operational and strategic initiatives, or do not do so as effectively as our competitors, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We cannot predict the enactment or content of new legislation and regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations or their enforcement, interpretation or application, or the effect they will have on our business or results of operations, which could be materially adverse. Even if we could predict such matters, we may not be able to reduce or eliminate the potential adverse impact of legislative or enforcement changes that could fundamentally change the dynamics of our industry. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Changes in insurance and healthcare laws, as well as the potential for further healthcare reform legislation and regulation, have created uncertainty in the healthcare industry and could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, each enacted in March 2010, generally known as the Health Care Reform Law, significantly expanded health insurance coverage to uninsured Americans and changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private payors. Since then, the Health Care Reform Law has prompted legislative efforts to significantly modify or repeal the Health Care Reform Law, which may impact how the federal government responds to lawsuits challenging the Health Care Reform Law. We cannot predict what further reform proposals, if any, will be adopted, when they may be adopted, or what impact they may have on our business. While we currently only accept payments from customers not any third parties or insurance providers if we were to start accepting reimbursement from insurance providers or other third parties in the future, our business model could be impacted by healthcare reform whether or not we begin taking reimbursement or payments from third parties other than customers. If we are required to comply with the Health Care Reform Law and fail to comply or are unable to effectively manage such risks and uncertainties, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 The products we sell and our third-party suppliers are subject to FDA regulations and other international, federal, state and local requirements and if we or our third-party suppliers fail to comply with international, federal, state, and local requirements, our ability to fulfill customers orders through our platform could be impaired. 
 
 The products available through our platform, and the third-party suppliers and manufacturers of these products, are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and international, federal, state and local authorities, including pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter drugs, over-the-counter devices, cosmetics and dietary supplements. These authorities can enforce regulations related to methods and documentation of the testing, production, compounding, control, safety, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, sterilization, storage, and shipping of products. Government regulations specific to pharmaceuticals are wide ranging and govern, among other things: the ability to bring a pharmaceutical to market, the conditions under which it can be sold, the conditions under which it must be manufactured, and permissible claims that may be made for such product. Failure to meet, or changes to any international, federal, state, or local requirements attendant to the testing, production, distribution, labeling, packaging, handling, sales and marketing, continued safety and/or other aspects of a regulated product, including any changes to the interpretation or enforcement of such requirements, could result in enforcement actions, impede our ability to provide access to affected products, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We may be subject to fines, penalties, and injunctions if we are determined to be promoting the use of products for unapproved uses or unapproved drugs or if the FDA determined that any of our compounded products do not meet the requirements for exemption under Section 503A of the FDCA. 
 
 Certain of the products available through our platform require approval by the FDA and are subject to the limitations placed by the FDA on the approved uses in the product prescribing information. Some of these products are prescribed by Providers on the platform for off-label uses (i.e., for a use other than that specifically authorized by the FDA for the medication in question). While Providers are legally permitted to prescribe medications for off-label uses, and although we believe our product promotion is conducted in material compliance with FDA and other regulations, if the FDA determines that our product promotion constitutes promotion of an unapproved use of an approved product or of an unapproved product, the FDA could request that we modify our product promotion or subject us to regulatory and/or legal enforcement actions, including the issuance of a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine, and criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal, state, or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they consider the product promotion to constitute promotion of an unapproved use of an approved product or of an unapproved product, which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutes, such as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement. 
 
 In addition, certain of the products available through our platform are compounded drug products under Section 503A of the Federal Food, Drug Cosmetic Act FDCA ). While we believe the compounded drug products available through our platform meet the requirements for exemption under Section 503A of the FDCA, if the FDA were to determine that such products do not meet the requirements for exemption, the FDA could subject us, our Affiliated Pharmacies, Partner Pharmacies, Affiliated Medical Groups or Providers to regulatory and/or legal enforcement actions, including the issuance of a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine, and criminal penalties. Other federal, state, or foreign enforcement authorities might also 
 31 

Table of Contents 

take action against us or the Affiliated Pharmacies, Partner Pharmacies, Affiliated Medical Groups or Providers if they determine that compounded drug products available through our platform do not meet applicable legal or regulatory requirements. 
 
 Any regulatory or legal enforcement actions by the FDA or other federal, state, or foreign enforcement authorities against us, our Affiliated Pharmacies, Partner Pharmacies, Affiliated Medial Groups or Providers could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The information that we provide to Providers, customers, and our partners could be inaccurate or incomplete, which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We collect and transmit healthcare-related information to and from our customers, Providers on our platform, Affiliated Pharmacies and Partner Pharmacies in connection with the telehealth consultations conducted by the Providers and prescription medication fulfillment by our Affiliated Pharmacies and our Partner Pharmacies. If the data that we provide to our customers, Providers on our platform, Affiliated Pharmacies or Partner Pharmacies is incorrect or incomplete or if mistakes are made in the capture or input of such data, our reputation may suffer and we could be subject to claims of liability for resulting damages. While we maintain insurance coverage, this coverage may prove to be inadequate or could cease to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. Even unsuccessful claims could result in substantial costs and the diversion of management resources. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or under-insured could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our use, disclosure, and other processing of personally identifiable information, including health information, is subject to federal, state, and foreign privacy and security regulations, and our failure to comply with those regulations or to adequately secure the information we hold could result in significant liability or reputational harm and, in turn, a material adverse effect on our customers, the Affiliated Medical Groups and/or their Providers, our revenue, our business, and/or our financial condition. 
 
 Numerous state and federal laws and regulations govern the collection, dissemination, use, privacy, confidentiality, security, availability, integrity, and other processing of health information and other types of personal data or personally identifiable information PII ). We believe that, because of our operating processes, in relation to our customers, we are not a covered entity or a business associate under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA ), which establishes a set of national privacy and security standards for the protection of protected health information by health plans, healthcare clearinghouses, and certain healthcare providers, referred to as covered entities, and the business associates with whom such covered entities contract for services. However, to the extent we begin accepting payment from third parties or insurance providers, we may become subject to HIPAA in relation to our customers and could face penalties and fines if we fail to comply with applicable requirements of HIPAA and its implementing regulations. Regardless of whether or not we meet the definition of a covered entity or business associate under HIPAA, we have executed business associate agreements with certain other parties and have assumed obligations that are based upon HIPAA-related requirements. 
 
 We have developed and maintain policies and procedures with respect to health information and personal information that we use or disclose in connection with our operations, including the adoption of administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect such information. As our business operations continue to develop, including through the launch of new product offerings or the development of new services, we may collect additional sensitive health and personal information from our customers that could create additional compliance obligations and may increase our exposure to compliance and regulatory risks regarding the protection and dissemination of such information. 
 
 In addition to HIPAA, numerous other federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations protect the confidentiality, privacy, availability, integrity, and security of health information and other types of PII, including the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act, and these laws and regulations are rapidly evolving. These laws and regulations in many cases are more restrictive than, and may not be preempted by, HIPAA and its implementing rules, particularly with respect to highly sensitive PII involving behavioral health or sexually transmitted disease. These laws and regulations are often uncertain, contradictory, and subject to changing or differing interpretations, and we expect new laws, rules and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and information security to be proposed and enacted in the future. This complex, dynamic legal landscape regarding privacy, data protection, and information security creates significant compliance issues for us, the Affiliated Medical Groups, the Affiliated Pharmacies, and the Providers, and potentially exposes us to additional expense, 
 32 

Table of Contents 

adverse publicity, and liability. While we have implemented data privacy and security measures in an effort to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection, some health information and other PII or confidential information is transmitted to us by third parties, who may not implement adequate security and privacy measures, and it is possible that laws, rules, and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, or information security may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices or those of third parties who transmit health information and other PII or confidential information to us. If we or these third parties are found to have violated such laws, rules, or regulations, it could result in government-imposed fines, orders requiring that we or these third parties change our or their practices, or criminal charges, which could adversely affect our business. Complying with these various laws and regulations could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices, systems, and compliance procedures in a manner adverse to our business. 
 
 We also publish statements to our customers through our privacy policy that describe how we handle health information or other PII. If federal or state regulatory authorities or private litigants consider any portion of these statements to be untrue, we may be subject to claims of deceptive practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences, including, without limitation, costs of responding to investigations, defending against litigation, settling claims, and complying with regulatory or court orders. Any of the foregoing consequences could seriously harm our business and our financial results. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, and policies that are applicable to us may limit customers use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our platform. Any of the foregoing consequences could have a material adverse impact on our business and our financial results. 
 
 Public scrutiny of internet privacy and security issues may result in increased regulation and different industry standards, which could deter or prevent us from providing services to our customers, thereby harming our business. 
 
 The regulatory framework for privacy and security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain in flux for the foreseeable future. Various government and consumer agencies have also called for new regulation and changes in industry practices. Practices regarding the registration, collection, processing, storage, sharing, disclosure, use, and security of personal and other information by companies offering an online service like our platform have recently come under increased public scrutiny. 
 
 For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which went into effect on January 1, 2020, requires, among other things, covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and afford such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. Similar legislation has been proposed or adopted in other states. Aspects of the CCPA and these other state laws and regulations, as well as their enforcement, remain unclear, and we may be required to modify our practices in an effort to comply with them. Additionally, a new privacy law, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), became effective January 1, 2023. Virginia has similarly adopted a comprehensive privacy law, the Consumer Data Protection Act, which also took effect January 1, 2023. Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah have also passed comprehensive privacy laws, each of which will take effect either in July or December of 2023. While these new state privacy laws emulate the CCPA/CPRA in many respects, each has requirements that will require particular assessment for compliance. Further, additional states have proposed laws that could impose similar or more restrictive requirements. 
 
 Additionally, the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR became effective in the European Union EU on May 25, 2018. Under the GDPR, data protection authorities have the power to impose significant administrative fines for violations, which may also lead to damages claims by data controllers and data subjects. The United Kingdom completed its withdrawal from the EU on January 31, 2020 in a process known as Brexit, and following the expiry of the Brexit transition period, which ended on December 31, 2020, the GDPR has been implemented in the United Kingdom (as the UK GDPR ). The UK GDPR sits alongside the UK Data Protection Act 2018 which implements certain derogations in the GDPR into UK law. Under the UK GDPR, companies not established in the UK but who process personal data in relation to the offering of goods or services to individuals in the UK, or to monitor their behavior, are subject to the UK GDPR - the requirements of which are (at this time) largely aligned with those under the GDPR and may lead to significant compliance and operational costs. On October 7, 2022, President Biden executed an Executive Order to implement a new European Union-U.S. Data Privacy Framework to address European concerns over international data transfers. If adopted by the EU, such framework is set to take effect in 2023. 
 
 Our business, including our ability to operate and to continue to expand internationally, could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are adopted, interpreted, or implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with our current business practices and that require changes to these practices, the design of our websites, mobile applications, solutions, features, or our privacy policies. In particular, the success of our business has been, and we expect will continue to be, driven by our ability to responsibly gather and use data from data subjects. Therefore, our business could be harmed by any significant change to 
 33 

Table of Contents 

applicable laws, regulations, or industry standards or practices regarding the storage, use, or disclosure of data our customers or the Providers on our platform share with us, or regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent of customers or Providers for such collection, analysis, and disclosure is obtained. Such changes may require us to modify our platform, possibly in a material manner, and may limit our ability to develop new offerings, functionality, or features. 
 
 Security breaches, loss of data, and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business or customers, or prevent us from accessing critical information and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store, use and disclose sensitive data, including health information and other types of PII. We also process and store, and use additional third parties to process and store, confidential and proprietary information such as intellectual property and other proprietary business information, including that of our customers, the Providers on our platform, and partners. Our customer information is encrypted but not always de-identified. We manage and maintain our platform and data utilizing a combination of managed data center systems and cloud-based computing center systems. 
 
 We are highly dependent on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to securely process, transmit, and store this critical information. Security breaches of this infrastructure, including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar breaches, and employee or contractor error, negligence or malfeasance, can create system disruptions, shutdowns, or unauthorized disclosure or modifications of information, causing sensitive, confidential or proprietary information to be accessed or acquired without authorization, or to become publicly available. We utilize third-party service providers for important aspects of the collection, storage, transmission, and verification of customer information and other confidential, and sensitive information, and therefore rely on third parties to manage functions that have material cybersecurity risks. Because of the nature of the sensitive, confidential, and proprietary information that we and our service providers collect, store, transmit, and otherwise process, the security of our technology platform and other aspects of our services, including those provided or facilitated by our third-party service providers, are important to our operations and business strategy. We take certain administrative, physical, and technological safeguards to address these risks, such as requiring outsourcing subcontractors who handle customer, user, and patient information for us to enter into agreements that contractually obligate those subcontractors to use reasonable efforts to safeguard sensitive, confidential, and proprietary information. Measures taken to protect our systems, those of our third-party service providers, or sensitive, confidential, and proprietary information that we or our third-party service providers process or maintain, may not adequately protect us from the risks associated with the collection, storage, and transmission of such information. Although we take steps to help protect sensitive, confidential, and proprietary information from unauthorized access or disclosure, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or viruses, failures or breaches due to third-party action, employee negligence or error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. 
 
 Increased global IT security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. There have been several recent, highly publicized cases in which organizations of various types and sizes have reported the unauthorized disclosure of customer or other confidential information, as well as cyberattacks involving the dissemination, theft and destruction of corporate information, intellectual property, cash, or other valuable assets. There have also been several highly publicized cases in which hackers have requested ransom payments in exchange for not disclosing customer or other confidential information or for not disabling the target company s computer or other systems. A security breach or privacy violation that leads to disclosure or unauthorized use or modification of, or that prevents access to or otherwise impacts the confidentiality, security, or integrity of, sensitive, confidential, or proprietary information we or our third-party service providers maintain or otherwise process, could harm our reputation, compel us to comply with breach notification laws, and cause us to incur significant costs for remediation, fines, penalties, notification to individuals and governmental authorities, implementation of measures intended to repair or replace systems or technology, and to prevent future occurrences, potential increases in insurance premiums, and forensic security audits or investigations. As a result, a security breach or privacy violation could result in material increased costs or loss of revenue. 
 
 If we are unable to prevent such security breaches or privacy violations or implement satisfactory remedial measures, or if it is perceived that we have been unable to do so, our operations could be disrupted, we may be unable to provide access to our platform, and could suffer a loss of customers or Providers or a decrease in the use of our platform, and we may suffer loss of reputation, adverse impacts on customer, Provider, and partner confidence, financial loss, governmental investigations or other 
 34 

Table of Contents 

actions, regulatory or contractual penalties, and other claims and liability. In addition, security breaches and other inappropriate access to, or acquisition or processing of, information can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying such incidents or in providing any notification of such incidents may lead to increased harm. 
 
 Any such breach or interruption of our systems or any of our third-party information technology partners, could compromise our networks or data security processes and sensitive, confidential, or proprietary information could be inaccessible or could be accessed by unauthorized parties, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. Any such interruption in access, improper access, disclosure or other loss of such information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws and regulations that protect the privacy of customer information or other personal information, such as the CCPA, the CPRA or the UK GDPR, and regulatory penalties. Unauthorized access, loss or dissemination could also disrupt our operations, including our ability to operate our platform and perform our services, provide customer assistance services, conduct research and development activities, collect, process, and prepare company financial information, provide information about our current and future offerings, and engage in other user and clinician education and outreach efforts. Any such breach could also result in the compromise of our trade secrets and other proprietary information, which could adversely affect our business and competitive position. 
 
 While we maintain insurance covering certain security and privacy damages and claim expenses, we may not carry insurance or maintain coverage sufficient to compensate for all liability and in any event, insurance coverage would not address the reputational damage that could result from a security incident. In addition, cyber liability insurance is expensive and insurance premiums may increase significantly and/or we may have trouble obtaining adequate cyber insurance in the future based upon increasing global IT security threats. Any data privacy or security claims made against us or relating to our business that are not fully covered by insurance could be costly to defend against, result in substantial damage awards against us, and divert the attention of our management, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Failure to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 
 We are subject to the FCPA and other anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-money laundering laws in the jurisdictions in which we do business, both domestic and abroad. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees from improperly influencing government officials or commercial parties in order to obtain or retain business, direct business to any person, or gain any improper advantage. The FCPA and similar applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws also prohibit our third-party business partners, representatives, and agents from engaging in corruption and bribery. We and our third-party business partners, representatives, and agents may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party business partners and intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, channel partners, and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. These laws also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure that our employees and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. Our exposure for violating these laws will increase as we continue to expand internationally and as we commence sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions. Any violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, imposition of significant legal fees, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions, or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracts, substantial diversion of management s attention, drop in stock price, or overall adverse consequences to our business, all of which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Legal Proceedings 
 
 Failure to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our intellectual property includes the content of our websites, our software code, our electronic medical record system, our mobile applications, our unregistered copyrights, our trademarks, and our trade secrets. We believe that our intellectual property is an essential asset of our business. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, our brand and reputation could be harmed and competitors may be able to use our technologies and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, 
 35 

Table of Contents 

which could materially harm our business, negatively affect our position in the marketplace, limit our ability to commercialize our technology, and delay or render impossible our achievement of profitability. A failure to protect our intellectual property in a cost-effective and meaningful manner could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete. We regard the protection of our trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, databases, and domain names as critical to our success. We strive to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state, and common law rights and other rights provided under foreign laws. These laws are subject to change at any time and could further restrict our ability to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights. In addition, the existing laws of certain foreign countries in which we operate may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. We also have a practice of entering into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and often enter into confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information. In addition, from time to time we make our technology and other intellectual property available to others under license agreements, including open-source license agreements and trademark licenses under agreements with our partners for the purpose of co-branding or co-marketing our products or services. However, these contractual arrangements and the other steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary information, infringement of our intellectual property rights, or disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information, or deter independent development of similar or competing technologies or duplication of our technologies, and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of such misappropriation or infringement. 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining effective intellectual property rights is expensive, as are the costs of defending our rights. We make business decisions about when to file applications or registrations to protect our intellectual property and rely upon trade secret protection, and the approach we select may ultimately prove to be inadequate. We are seeking or may seek to protect certain of our intellectual property rights through filing applications for copyrights, trademarks, and domain names in a number of jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and may not be successful in all jurisdictions. Even where we have intellectual property rights, they may later be found to be unenforceable or have a limited scope of enforceability. In addition, we may not seek to pursue such protection in every jurisdiction. In particular, we believe it is important to maintain, protect, and enhance our brand. 
 
 Accordingly, we pursue the registration of domain names and our trademarks and service marks in the United States and in some jurisdictions outside of the United States. We may, over time, increase our investment in protecting innovations through investments in filings, registrations or similar steps to protect our intellectual property, and these processes are expensive and time-consuming. 
 
 In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. We may not always detect infringement of our intellectual property rights, and defending or enforcing our intellectual property rights, even if successfully detected, prosecuted, enjoined, or remedied, could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our proprietary rights, or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may also incur significant costs in enforcing our trademarks against those who attempt to imitate our brand and other valuable trademarks and service marks. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, countersuits, and adversarial proceedings such as oppositions, inter partes review, post-grant review, re-examination, or other post-issuance proceedings, that attack the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential or sensitive information could be compromised by disclosure in the event of litigation. In addition, during the course of litigation, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 
 If we fail to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

We may in the future be subject to claims that we violated intellectual property rights of others, which are extremely costly to defend and could require us to pay significant damages and limit our ability to operate. 
 
 Companies in our industry, and other intellectual property rights holders seeking to profit from royalties in connection with grants of licenses, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, intellectual property rights, including use of an individual s likeness and related trademarks, are a key asset of the celebrity influencers we work with and any use by us of such assets are often heavily negotiated. Our future success depends in part on not infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. We have in the past and may in the future receive notices that claim we have misappropriated, infringed, or otherwise misused other parties intellectual property rights. We may be unaware of the intellectual property rights of others that may cover some or all of our technology. Because patent applications can take years to issue and are often afforded confidentiality for some period of time, there may currently be pending applications, unknown to us, that later result in issued patents that could cover our technology. 
 
 Any intellectual property claim against us or parties indemnified by us, regardless of merit, could be time consuming and expensive to settle or litigate and could divert our management s attention and other resources. These claims also could subject us to significant liability for damages and could result in our having to stop using technology, content, branding or business methods found to be in violation of another party s rights. We might be required or may opt to seek a license for rights to intellectual property held by others, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if a license is available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. We may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, content, branding or business methods, which could require significant effort and expense, be infeasible, or make us less competitive in the market. Such disputes could also disrupt our business, which would adversely impact our customer satisfaction and ability to attract customers. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. If we cannot license or develop technology, content, branding or business methods for any allegedly infringing aspect of our business, we may be unable to compete effectively. Additionally, we may be obligated to indemnify our customers in connection with litigation and to obtain licenses or refund subscription fees, which could further exhaust our resources. In the case of infringement or misappropriation caused by technology that we obtain from third parties, any indemnification or other contractual protections we obtain from such third parties, if any, may be insufficient to cover the liabilities we incur as a result of such infringement or misappropriation. Any of these results could harm our results of operations. 
 
 From time to time, we are subject to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, which can include intellectual property disputes or claims related to our marketing or sale of products, any of which may be costly to defend and could materially harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 From time to time, we are subject to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business and can face allegations, lawsuits, and regulatory inquiries, audits, and investigations regarding data privacy, security, labor and employment, consumer protection, telehealth, pharmaceuticals, intellectual property infringement, including claims related to privacy, patents, publicity, trademarks, copyrights, and other rights, as well as other areas of law related to our business. Lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, audits, investigations and other legal proceedings can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. A portion of the technologies we use incorporates open-source software, and we may face claims claiming ownership of open-source software or patents related to that software, rights to our intellectual property, or breach of open-source license terms, including a demand to release material portions of our source code or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open-source license. We may also face allegations or litigation related to our acquisitions, securities issuances, or business practices, including public disclosures about our business. We offer access to compounded pharmaceutical products that are in some cases compounded, fulfilled, and distributed through our Affiliated Pharmacies, and we, as well as our Affiliated Pharmacies, Affiliated Medical Groups, and Providers, may face allegations, litigation, and regulatory investigations under federal or state laws related to the marketing, fulfillment, distribution, and/or sale of these products. Litigation and regulatory proceedings, and particularly the healthcare, pharmaceutical-related, consumer protection, data privacy and/or class action matters we could face, may be protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict. Certain of these matters may include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages and include claims for injunctive relief. Additionally, our litigation costs could be significant. Adverse outcomes with respect to litigation or any of these legal proceedings may result in significant settlement costs or judgments, penalties and fines, or require us to modify our solution or require us to stop offering certain features, all of which could negatively impact our acquisition of customers and revenue growth. We may also become subject to periodic audits, which could likely increase our regulatory compliance costs and may require us to change our business 
 37 

Table of Contents 

practices, which could negatively impact our revenue growth. Managing legal proceedings, including litigation, regulatory inquiries, investigations and audits, even if we achieve favorable outcomes, is time-consuming and diverts management s attention from our business. 
 
 The results of legal proceedings, including litigation, regulatory inquiries, investigations and audits cannot be predicted with certainty, and determining reserves for pending litigation and other legal, regulatory, and audit matters requires significant judgment. There can be no assurance that our expectations will prove correct, and even if these matters are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, the time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them could harm our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in accounting rules, assumptions, or judgments could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Accounting rules and interpretations for certain aspects of our financial reporting are highly complex and involve significant assumptions and judgment. These complexities could lead to a delay in the preparation and dissemination of our financial statements. Furthermore, changes in accounting rules and interpretations or in our accounting assumptions or judgments could significantly impact our financial statements. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in restating financial statements from prior period(s). Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We face the risk of product liability claims and may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance. 
 
 Our business involves third-party medical Providers performing medical consultations and prescribing medication to our customers, as well as the fulfillment and distribution of pharmaceuticals, including compounded pharmaceuticals, by our Affiliated Pharmacies and Partner Pharmacies. This activity, as well as the sale of other products on our platform, exposes us to the risk of product liability claims. In addition, the products that we sell could become subject to contamination, product tampering, mislabeling, recall or other damage, and errors in the dispensing and packaging of drugs and consuming drugs in a manner that is not prescribed could lead to serious injury or death. We may be subject to product liability claims if products obtained or prescribed through our platform cause, or merely appear to have caused, an injury. Claims may be made by customers, third-party service providers or manufacturers of products and services we make available. Although we have product liability insurance that we believe is appropriate, this insurance is subject to deductibles and coverage limitations. Our current product liability insurance may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, and, if available, the coverage may not be adequate to protect us against any future product liability claims. If we are unable to obtain insurance at an acceptable cost or on acceptable terms with adequate coverage or otherwise protect against potential product liability claims, we will be exposed to significant liabilities, which may harm our business. A product liability claim, recall or other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or for amounts in excess of insured liabilities could result in significant costs and significant harm to our business. 
 
 We may be subject to claims against us even if the apparent injury is due to the actions of others or misuse of the prescribed medication or other product. These liabilities could prevent or interfere with our growth and expansion efforts. Defending a suit, regardless of merit, could be costly, could divert management attention, and may result in adverse publicity or result in reduced acceptance of our platform and offerings. 
 
 Our business could be disrupted by catastrophic events and man-made problems, such as power disruptions, data security breaches, and terrorism. 
 
 Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from the occurrence of any catastrophic event, including climate-related disasters or other extreme weather events such as earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, tornadoes or tsunamis, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunction, cyber-attack, war, terrorist attack, or incident of mass violence, which could result in lengthy interruptions in access to our platform. If a climate-related disaster or other extreme weather event occurred in Arizona (which is prone to extreme weather events including extreme heat, drought and wildfires) or Ohio (which is prone to extreme weather events including extreme temperatures, rain and snow storms, and flooding), which are the locations of our two facilities and our two Affiliated Pharmacies, we could experience fulfillment and distribution delays, among other things, that could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, acts of terrorism, including malicious internet-based activity, could cause disruptions to the internet or the economy as a whole. Further, even if our systems are not interrupted or our facilities are not affected from a catastrophic event, catastrophic events have the potential to impact our 
 38 

Table of Contents 

employees and service providers abilities to commute to work (in Ohio or Arizona) or to work stay connected effectively while working remotely. 
 
 Even with our disaster recovery arrangements, access to our platform could be interrupted. If our systems or those of our vendors or suppliers, including the Affiliated Pharmacies, were to fail or be negatively impacted as a result of a climate-related disaster or other catastrophic event, our ability to deliver our platform to our customers would be impaired or we could lose critical data. If we are unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after a disaster, and successfully execute on those plans in the event of a disaster or emergency, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. We have implemented a disaster recovery program that allows us to move website and mobile application traffic to a backup site in the event of a catastrophe. This allows us the ability to move traffic in the event of a problem, and the ability to recover in a short period of time. However, to the extent our disaster recovery program does not effectively support the movement of traffic in a timely or complete manner in the event of a catastrophe, our business and results of operations may be harmed. 
 
 We do not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to our business, financial condition and results of operations, that may result from interruptions in access to our platform as a result of system failures. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Results of Operations and Additional Capital Requirements 
 
 We have a history of net losses, we anticipate increasing expenses in the future, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability on a net income basis. 
 
 We have incurred net losses on an annual basis since inception. We incurred net losses of 18.1 million, 107.7 million, and 65.7 million in the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit of 344.6 million as of December 31, 2022. For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of 10.9 million while achieving profitability of 3.9 million on an Adjusted EBITDA basis. We expect our costs will increase in the foreseeable future and our losses may continue as we expect to invest significant additional funds towards growing our platform, growing our Provider network, growing the capabilities of the Affiliated Pharmacies and enhancing our pharmacy fulfillment system, operating as a public company, and as we continue to invest in increasing our customer base, hiring additional employees, and developing new products and technological capabilities (including our mobile applications) to enhance our customers experience on our platform. These efforts may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenue sufficiently to offset these higher expenses. To date, we have financed our operations principally from the sale of our equity, revenue from our platform, and the incurrence of indebtedness. Our historical cash flows from operations were negative for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022. We may not generate positive cash flows from operations, achieve profitability on a net income basis, or maintain profitability on an Adjusted EBITDA basis in any given period, and our limited operating history may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and our future prospects. 
 
 We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing and highly regulated industries, including increasing expenses as we continue to grow our business. If we are not able to achieve or maintain positive cash flow in the long term, we may require additional financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all and/or which would be dilutive to our stockholders. If we are unable to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our results of operations, as well as the performance of our key metrics, may fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may result in us failing to meet the expectations of industry and securities analysts or our investors. 
 
 Our results of operations have in the past, and could in the future, vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year and may fail to match the expectations of securities analysts because of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control and, as a result, should not be relied upon as an indicator of future performance. As a result, we may not be able to accurately forecast our results of operations and growth rate. Any of these events could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate. Factors that may contribute to the variability of our results of operations include: 
 new developments on our platform or in our product offerings; 
 our ability to attract and retain Providers to our platform; 
 39 

Table of Contents 

changes in our pricing policies and those of our competitors; 
 our ability to execute our plans to add treatment options and Provider expertise for additional medical conditions; 
 long-term treatment outcomes of customers on our platform; 
 medical, technological, or other innovations in our industry or in connection with specific products that we make available on our platform; 
 our ability to maintain relationships with customers, partners, and suppliers; 
 our ability to retain key members of our executive leadership team; 
 successful expansion of licensure and capabilities of the Affiliated Pharmacies; 
 breaches of security or privacy; 
 the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the expansion of our business; 
 our ability to complete acquisitions on commercially reasonable terms and integrate acquired businesses; 
 costs related to litigation, investigations, regulatory enforcement actions, or settlements; 
 changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including with respect to practice of medicine, telehealth, consumer protection, privacy or data protection, or enforcement by government regulators, including fines, orders, or consent decrees; 
 announcements by competitors or other third parties of significant new products or acquisitions or entrance into certain markets; 
 our ability to make accurate accounting estimates and appropriately recognize revenue for our platform and offerings for which there are no relevant comparable products; 
 seasonality trends in our Wholesale Revenue; 
 instability in the financial markets; 
 global economic conditions; 
 the duration and extent of the COVID-19 pandemic; and 
 political, economic, and social instability, including as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine or other war or terrorist activities, and any disruption these events may cause to the global economy. 
 
 The impact of one or more of the foregoing and other factors may cause our results of operations to vary significantly. As such, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our results of operations may not always be meaningful and should not necessarily be relied upon as an indication of future performance. 
 
 We rely significantly on revenue from customers purchasing subscription-based prescription products and services and may not be successful in expanding our offerings. 
 
 To date, the vast majority of our revenue has been, and we expect it to continue to be, derived from customers who purchase subscription-based prescription products and services through the platform. In our subscription arrangements, customers select a cadence at which they wish to receive product shipments and services. These customers generate a substantial majority of our revenue. The introduction of competing offerings with lower prices for consumers, fluctuations in prescription prices, changes in consumer purchasing habits, including an increase in the use of mail-order prescriptions, changes in the regulatory landscape, and other factors could result in changes to our contracts or a decline in our revenue, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Because we derive a vast majority of our revenue from customers who purchase subscription-based prescription products and services, any material decline in the use of such offerings could have a pronounced impact on our future revenue and results of operations, particularly if we are unable to expand our offerings overall. 
 
 The requirements of being a public company have and may continue to strain our resources, divert management s attention, and may result in litigation. 
 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Complying with these rules and regulations has increased and will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources. As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the rules and regulations applicable to public companies, 
 40 

Table of Contents 

our management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to continue investing in substantial resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from business operations to compliance activities. 
 
 For example, U.S. and international regulators, investors and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social, and governance ESG matters. For example, new domestic and international laws and regulations relating to ESG matters, including climate change, cybersecurity, human capital, diversity and sustainability, are under consideration or being adopted, which may include specific, target-driven disclosure requirements or other obligations. Our compliance with such laws and regulations will require additional investments and implementation of new practices and reporting processes, all entailing additional compliance risk. If our efforts to comply with new or existing laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 
 
 Further, in addition to being costly and time-consuming, our ESG-related disclosures may not meet investor expectations or attract additional investments in the Company, which could result in a decrease in the market price for our Class A common stock. 
 
 The rules and regulations applicable to public companies have made it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board of Directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. 
 
 As a result of disclosure of information in filings required of a public company, there may be an increased risk of threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and results of operations could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 
 We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new products or services, or enhance our existing platform and associated offerings, enhance our operating infrastructure and acquire complementary businesses and technologies. In order to achieve these objectives, we may make future commitments of capital resources. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters. In addition, we may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. 
 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our significant accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP and our key metrics require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes 
 41 

Table of Contents 

and amounts reported in our key metrics. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and equity and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements include those related to valuation of inventory, valuation and recognition of stock-based compensation expense, valuation of contingent consideration in business combinations, purchase price allocation for business combinations, estimates used in the capitalization of website and mobile application development and internal-use software costs, and judgements relating to impairment triggering events for long-lived assets. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. 
 
 Adverse tax laws or regulations could be enacted or existing laws could be applied to us or our customers, which could subject us to additional tax liability and related interest and penalties, increase the costs of our offerings, and adversely impact our business. 
 
 The application of federal, state, local, and international tax laws to services provided electronically is evolving. New income, sales, use, value-added, or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be enacted at any time (possibly with retroactive effect) and could be applied solely or disproportionately to services provided over the internet or could otherwise materially affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, state, local, and foreign tax jurisdictions have differing rules and regulations governing sales, use, value-added, and other taxes, and these rules and regulations can be complex and are subject to varying interpretations that may change over time. Existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified, or applied adversely to us (possibly with retroactive effect). If we are required to collect and pay back taxes and associated interest and penalties, and if the amount we are required to collect and pay exceeds our estimates and reserves, or if we are unsuccessful in collecting such amounts from our customers, we could incur potentially substantial unplanned expenses, thereby adversely impacting our results of operations and cash flows. Imposition of such taxes on our services going forward or collection of sales tax from our customers in respect of prior sales could also adversely affect our sales activity and have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 One or more jurisdictions may seek to impose incremental or new sales, use, value added, or other tax collection obligations on us, including for past sales by us or our retail partners and other partners. A successful assertion by a state, country, or other jurisdiction that we should have been or should be collecting additional sales, use, value added, or other taxes on our solutions could, among other things, result in substantial tax liabilities for past sales, create significant administrative burdens for us, discourage users from utilizing our solutions, or otherwise harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Certain U.S. state tax authorities may assert that we have state nexus and seek to impose state and local income taxes which could harm our results of operations. 
 
 There is a risk that tax authorities in certain states where we do not currently file a state income tax return could assert that we are liable for state and local income taxes based upon income or gross receipts allocable to such states. States are becoming increasingly aggressive in asserting nexus for state income tax purposes. If a state tax authority successfully asserts that our activities give rise to a nexus, we could be subject to state and local taxation, including penalties and interest attributable to prior periods. Such tax assessments, penalties, and interest may adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Securities 
 
 Our dual class common stock structure has the effect of concentrating voting power with our Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder, Andrew Dudum, which limits an investor s ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 
 
 Shares of our Class V common stock have 175 votes per share, while shares of our Class A common stock have one vote per share. Mr. Dudum, our Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder and Chairman of our Board of Directors, including his affiliates and permitted transferees, hold all of the issued and outstanding shares of Class V common stock. Accordingly, Mr. Dudum holds, directly or indirectly, approximately 90 of the outstanding voting power and will be able to control matters submitted 
 42 

Table of Contents 

to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transactions. Mr. Dudum may have interests that differ from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree and which may be adverse to your interests. This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale, and might ultimately affect the market price of shares of Class A common stock. 
 
 We cannot predict the impact our dual class structure will have on the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 We cannot predict whether our dual class common stock structure will result in a lower or more volatile market price of our Class A common stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies with multiple-class share structures in certain of their indices. Under the announced policies, our dual class capital structure would make us ineligible for inclusion in certain indices, and as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track those indices will not invest in our Class A common stock. These policies are still fairly new and it is as of yet unclear what effect, if any, they will have on the valuations of publicly traded companies excluded from the indices, but it is possible that they may depress these valuations compared to those of other similar companies that are included. Because of our dual class structure, we will likely be excluded from certain of these indices and we cannot assure you that other stock indices will not take similar actions. Given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain indices, exclusion from stock indices would likely preclude investment by many of these funds and could make shares of our Class A common stock less attractive to other investors. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 
 As a controlled company within the meaning of NYSE listing standards, we qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. We have the opportunity to elect any of the exemptions afforded a controlled company. 
 
 Because Mr. Dudum controls more than a majority of our total voting power, we are a controlled company within the meaning of NYSE listing standards. Under NYSE Listing Rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by another person or group of persons acting together is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with the following NYSE rules regarding corporate governance: 
 the requirement that a majority of its board of directors consist of independent directors; 
 the requirement to have a nominating and corporate governance committee composed entirely of independent directors and a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; 
 the requirement to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors and a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 
 the requirement of an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees. 
 
 Currently, nine of our eleven directors have been determined by our Board of Directors to be independent. We also have an independent compensation committee in addition to an independent audit committee. We do not have a nominating and corporate governance committee. The typical functions of this committee are addressed by our full Board of Directors. For as long as the controlled company exemption is available, our Board of Directors in the future may not consist of a majority of independent directors and may not have an independent nominating and corporate governance committee or compensation committee. As a result, you may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE rules regarding corporate governance. 
 
 Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions, that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our Board of Directors and therefore depress the trading price of our Class A common stock. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current members of our Board of 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Directors or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. Among other things, our certificate of incorporation and/or bylaws include provisions regarding: 
 Class V common stock that is entitled to 175 votes per share; 
 the ability of our stockholders to take action by written consent in lieu of a meeting for so long as Mr. Dudum and his affiliates and permitted transferees beneficially own a majority of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of our capital stock; 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to issue shares of preferred stock, including blank check preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
 the limitation of the liability of, and the indemnification of, our directors and officers; 
 the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by a majority of the entire Board of Directors, the chairperson of the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer which could delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 
 controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of Board of Directors and stockholder meetings; 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to amend the bylaws, which may allow our Board of Directors to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend the bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and 
 advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our Board of Directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in our Board of Directors, and also may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our Board of Directors or management. 
 
 In addition, our certificate of incorporation includes a provision substantially similar to Section 203 of the DGCL, which may prohibit certain stockholders holding 15 or more of our outstanding capital stock from engaging in certain business combinations with us for a specified period of time. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation designates a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, stockholders, employees, or agents. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee, agent, or stockholder, (iii) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The forgoing provisions will not apply to any claims arising under the Securities Act, and, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any action asserting a claim arising under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Article XII of our certificate of incorporation will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. 
 
 These choice of forum provisions in our certificate of incorporation may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. It is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable, and if a court 
 44 

Table of Contents 

were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile. 
 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including: 
 changes in the industries in which we operate; 
 variations in our operating performance and the performance of our competitors in general; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual results of operations; 
 publication of research reports by securities analysts about us or our competitors or our industry; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 
 our failure or the failure of our competitors to meet analysts projections or guidance that we or our competitors may give to the market; 
 additions and departures of key personnel; 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; 
 the volume of shares of our Class A common stock available for public sale; and 
 general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, inflation, foreign currency fluctuations, international tariffs, social, political and economic risks, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or other pandemics, and acts of war or terrorism. 
 
 These market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our Class A common stock regardless of our operating performance. 
 
 The sale or the perception of future sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Reports published by analysts, including projections in those reports that differ from our actual results, could adversely affect the market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Securities research analysts have and may continue to establish and publish their own periodic projections for us. These projections may vary widely and may not accurately predict the results we actually achieve. Our share price may decline if our actual results do not match the projections of these securities research analysts. Similarly, if one or more of the analysts who write reports on us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, the market price and volume for shares of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Hims Hers address is 2269 Chestnut Street, #523, San Francisco, California 94123. In addition, we lease and operate fulfillment centers and Affiliated Pharmacy facilities in New Albany, Ohio and Gilbert, Arizona. Hims Hers workforce is 
 45 

Table of Contents 

currently working on a fully remote basis with the exception of those employees serving our fulfillment operations and Affiliated Pharmacies, whose presence is required for operation of the pharmacies, fulfillment, and distribution. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are party to litigation and subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. As our growth continues, we may become party to an increasing number of litigation matters and claims. The outcome of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and the resolution of these matters could materially affect our future results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. We are not presently party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of management, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

46 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our Class A common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol HIMS . 
 
 Holders 
 
 On February 24, 2023 , there were 148 holders of record of our Class A common stock. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. However, we believe a substantially greater number of beneficial owners hold shares of Class A common stock through brokers, banks, or other nominees. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A common stock to date. The payment of any cash dividends is within the discretion of our Board and our Board does not currently contemplate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The information concerning our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference herein to the section of the Proxy Statement entitled Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return to stockholders on our Class A common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the Nasdaq Internet Index, the S P 500 Health Care Sector Index, and the Russell 2000 Index. An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our Class A common stock and in each index on January 21, 2021, the date our Class A common stock began trading on the NYSE, and its relative performance is tracked through December 31, 2022. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. 

47 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. This section of the Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 . With the exception of certain 2020 operating expenses which were reclassified during 2022 and certain new key business metrics introduced in this Form 10-K, discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 are not included in this Form 10-K, and can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 . This discussion includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties as a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in, or incorporated by reference into, the section entitled Risk Factors in this Form 10-K. Our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date hereof or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations. 

Overview 
 
 Hims Hers is a consumer-first platform transforming the way customers fulfill their health and wellness needs. Our mission is to help the world feel great through the power of better health. We believe that we have the technical platform, distributed provider network, and access to clinical capabilities to lead the migration of routine office visits to a digital format. The Hims Hers platform includes access to a highly-qualified and technologically-capable provider network, a clinically-focused electronic medical record system, digital prescriptions, and cloud pharmacy fulfillment. Our digital platform enables access to treatments for a broad range of conditions, including those related to sexual health, hair loss, dermatology, mental health, and primary care. Hims Hers connects patients to licensed healthcare professionals who can prescribe medications when appropriate. Prescriptions are fulfilled online through licensed pharmacies on a subscription basis, making accessing treatments simple, affordable, and straightforward. Through the Hims Hers mobile applications, consumers can access a range of educational programs, wellness content, community support, and other services that promote lifelong health and wellness. 
 
 In addition, we also offer access to a range of health and wellness products designed to meet individual needs, which can include curated prescription and non-prescription products. Our products and services are available for purchase directly by customers on our websites and mobile applications. Additionally, Hims Hers products can be found in tens of thousands of top retail locations in the United States. 

Reclassifications 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we voluntarily reclassified certain operating expenses within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to this presentation. These changes have no impact on our previously reported financial position or results of operations. We elected the new presentation to provide additional granularity on our costs and to better align with management s view of our operating results. 
 
 These classification changes are related to breaking out our previous selling, general, and administrative caption into three new captions entitled: (i) operations and support, (ii) technology and development, and (iii) general and administrative. The operations and support caption includes costs related to our supply chain, fulfillment, and customer support functions. The technology and development caption includes costs related to the operation and enhancement of our digital platform and product development. The general and administrative caption includes costs relating to our corporate functions, including personnel costs, professional services, insurance, depreciation and amortization relating to corporate operating activities, and other general corporate costs. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Revenue and Key Business Metrics 
 
 Our management monitors two financial results, Online Revenue and Wholesale Revenue (both defined below), to track our total revenue generation. We also monitor the additional key business metrics set forth below to help us evaluate our business, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and make strategic decisions. Increases or decreases in these key business metrics may not correspond with increases or decreases in our revenue. 
 
 The limitations our key business metrics have as an analytical tool include: (i) they might not accurately predict our future financial results pursuant to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP and (ii) other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate our key business metrics or similarly titled measures differently, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 
 As our business grows and evolves, we continually and strategically review our key metrics. Beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we commenced reporting Subscribers and Monthly Online Revenue Per Average Subscriber as additional key business metrics (as defined below). As a result of broadening the number of health and wellness categories the Company serves, we believe it is important to measure the holistic relationship that we have with our customers. Additionally, the recurring nature of our revenue necessitates the need for metrics that provide greater visibility into both the breadth and engagement of users on our platform. We believe Subscribers represent a more accurate reflection of the number of distinct users that we have on our platform relative to the number of subscriptions, and beginning with the three months ending March 31, 2023, we anticipate no longer reporting Subscriptions as a key business metric. Monthly Online Revenue per Average Subscriber reflects how users engagement with products across our platform is evolving. These changes are intended to better align our key business metrics with our internal priorities and business plans. 
 
 Brief descriptions of our key business metrics, beginning with our new metrics, are provided below. 
 
 Subscribers are customers who have one or more Subscriptions pursuant to which they have agreed to be automatically billed on a recurring basis at a defined cadence. 
 
 Monthly Online Revenue per Average Subscriber is defined as Online Revenue divided by Average Subscribers , which amount is then further divided by the number of months in a period. Average Subscribers are calculated as the sum of the Subscribers at the beginning and end of a given period divided by 2. 
 
 Online Revenue represents the sales of products and services on our platform, net of refunds, credits, and chargebacks, and includes revenue recognition adjustments recorded pursuant to U.S. GAAP, primarily relating to deferred revenue and returns reserve. Online Revenue is generated by selling directly to consumers through our websites and mobile applications. Our Online Revenue consists of products and services purchased by customers directly through our online platform. The majority of our Online Revenue is subscription-based, where customers agree to be billed on a recurring basis to have products and services automatically delivered to them. 
 
 Wholesale Revenue represents non-prescription product sales to retailers through wholesale purchasing agreements. We sell only non-prescription products to wholesale partners. In addition to being revenue generative and profitable, wholesale partnerships have the added benefit of generating brand awareness with new customers in physical environments. 
 
 Subscriptions are defined as the number of customer agreements where the customer has agreed to be automatically billed on a recurring basis at a defined cadence. The billing cadence is typically defined as a number of months (for example, billed every month or every three months). Subscriptions are excluded from our reporting when payment has not occurred at the contracted billing cadence. Subscription billing is preferred by many of our customers because most of the products and services we make available are most effective when taken consistently and continuously. Customers can cancel subscriptions in between billing periods to stop receiving additional products and services and can reactivate subscriptions to continue receiving additional products and services. Subscriptions are sometimes also referred to by us as subscription memberships or memberships. 
 
 Net Orders are defined as the number of online customer orders minus transactions related to refunds, credits, chargebacks, and other negative adjustments. Net Orders represent transactions made on our platform during a defined period of time and exclude revenue recognition adjustments recorded pursuant to U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Average Order Value AOV is defined as Online Revenue divided by Net Orders. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

The table below provides a breakdown of total revenue between Online Revenue and Wholesale Revenue, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, as well as key metrics that drive Online Revenue (i.e., Subscribers, Monthly Online Revenue per Average Subscriber, Subscription, Net Orders, and AOV), and the dollar and percentage change between such periods (in thousands, except for Monthly Online Revenue per Average Subscriber and AOV): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Change Change 2021 Change Change 2020 Online Revenue 502,507 243,337 94 259,170 118,442 84 140,728 Wholesale Revenue 24,409 11,701 92 12,708 4,679 58 8,029 Total revenue 526,916 255,038 94 271,878 123,121 83 148,757 Subscribers (end of period) 1,040 486 88 554 264 91 290 Monthly Online Revenue per Average Subscriber 53 2 4 51 1 2 50 Subscriptions (end of period) 1,116 507 83 609 297 95 312 Net Orders 6,122 2,618 75 3,504 1,225 54 2,279 AOV 82 8 11 74 12 19 62 
 
 We generated 502.5 million in Online Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 243.3 million, or 94 , as compared to 259.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Growth in Online Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by growth in Subscribers, from whom we generated recurring and stable Monthly Online Revenue per Average Subscriber, as well as a full year of revenue for both Honest Health Limited, which was acquired in June 2021 and is now Hims Hers UK Limited HHL ), and YoDerm, Inc. Apostrophe ), which was acquired in July 2021. 
 
 We generated 24.4 million in Wholesale Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 11.7 million, or 92 , as compared to 12.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to the addition of new retail partners in the fourth quarter of 2021 and throughout 2022, which increased the overall volume of wholesale orders. Wholesale Revenue has trended upward historically but can fluctuate on a quarter-to-quarter basis due to various factors, including delayed inventory purchases from our partners, seasonality trends, launches of new merchants and timing of specialized campaigns. 
 
 Subscribers grew 88 to approximately 1,040,000 as of December 31, 2022 as compared to approximately 554,000 Subscribers as of December 31, 2021. Subscriptions grew 83 to approximately 1,116,000 as of December 31, 2022 as compared to approximately 609,000 Subscriptions as of December 31, 2021. Growth in Subscribers and Subscriptions for the year ended December 31, 2022 was driven by increased marketing expenses, increased traffic to our platform (through our websites and mobile applications), and increased customer conversion rates from improved onsite and customer onboarding experiences. Subscribers grew 91 to approximately 554,000 as of December 31, 2021 as compared to approximately 290,000 Subscribers as of December 31, 2020. Growth in Subscribers for the year ended December 31, 2021 was driven by increased customer conversion rates from improved onsite and customer onboarding experiences, increased customer engagement with our marketing campaigns, increased retention rates of existing Subscribers and increased marketing expenses and the addition of Subscribers from the acquisitions of Apostrophe and HHL. Monthly Online Revenue per Average Subscriber grew 4 to 53 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 51 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Monthly Online Revenue per Average Subscriber grew 2 to 51 for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 50 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Monthly Online Revenue per Average Subscriber has remained relatively stable as a result of recurring and predictable uptake of our offerings by Subscribers. 
 
 As a result of growth in Subscribers and Subscriptions, we generated approximately 6.1 million Net Orders for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 75 as compared to approximately 3.5 million Net Orders for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, AOV was 82, an increase of 11 compared to 74 for the year ended December 31, 2021. AOV growth for the year ended December 31, 2022 was driven by higher price points from product bundles with product mixes shifting towards higher priced items and longer duration multi-month Subscriptions. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

We continuously test and optimize the online experience and offerings to improve the customer experience, maximize sales, and improve gross margin. Our Subscribers (sometimes also referred to by us as members select a cadence at which they wish to receive product shipments. In addition to a monthly cadence, we offer Subscribers the ability to select from a range of multi-month Subscription shipment cadences, from every two to twelve months, depending on the product. The Subscriber is billed upon each shipment. Subscribers can cancel subscriptions in between billing periods to stop receiving additional products and can reactivate subscriptions at any time. In addition, our customers can purchase product bundles or defined product kits, either consisting of non-prescription over-the-counter products or non-prescription products together with prescription medications, for a single all-inclusive price. Such offerings and their uptake by customers have contributed to the stable and predictable nature of our Monthly Online Revenue per Average Subscriber. Additionally, the uptake of these offerings has resulted in higher gross profits and gross margins for our sales of products and services on our platform. For example, for multi-month Subscriptions, we may incur shipping and fulfillment expenses two or four times per year (for six-month and three-month Subscription cadences, respectively) versus twelve times per year for monthly Subscriptions. The customer uptake of multi-month Subscriptions results in lower recurring costs and higher gross margins as compared to monthly Subscriptions. 

Key Factors Affecting Results of Operations 
 
 We believe that our performance and future success depend on several factors that present significant opportunities for us but also pose risks and challenges. 
 
 New customer acquisition 
 
 Our ability to attract new customers is a key factor for our future growth. To date, we have successfully acquired new customers through marketing and the development of our brands as well as through acquisitions. As a result, revenue has increased each year since our launch. If we are unable to acquire enough new customers in the future, revenue might decline. New customer acquisition could be negatively impacted if our marketing efforts are less effective in the future. Increases in advertising rates could also negatively impact our ability to acquire new customers. Consumer tastes, preferences, and sentiment for our brands may also change and result in decreased demand for our products and services. Changes in law or regulatory enforcement could also negatively impact our ability to acquire new customers, including changes to privacy laws that could impact customer acquisition costs. 
 
 Retention of customers 
 
 Our ability to retain customers is a key factor in our ability to generate revenue. Most of our customers purchase products and services through Subscription-based plans, where Subscribers are billed and sent products and/or receive services on a recurring basis. The recurring nature of this revenue provides us with a certain amount of predictability for future revenue if past Subscriber behavior stays consistent in the future. In addition, the consistent uptake by Subscribers of our offerings has contributed to the stable and predictable nature of our Monthly Online Revenue per Average Subscriber. We expect to retain a majority or a higher percentage of revenue from Subscribers who have maintained a Subscription for more than two years (sometimes referred to by us as long-term revenue retention ). However, if customer behavior changes, or our assumptions regarding long-term revenue retention are incorrect and Subscriber retention decreases in the future, then future revenue will be negatively impacted. The ability of our Subscribers to continue to pay for our products and services will also impact the future results of our operations. 
 
 Investments in growth 
 
 We expect to continue to focus on long-term growth. We intend to continue to invest in our fulfillment and operating capabilities, including our Affiliated Pharmacies (as defined below) and warehousing facilities, with the goal of fulfilling nearly all of our pharmaceutical and over-the-counter customer orders through affiliated and internal fulfillment capabilities. For example, we expect to make investments in the expansion of our current facilities over the next two years. Additionally, we expect to make significant investments in marketing to acquire new customers and we expect to continue to make investments in product offerings and customer experience. We are working to enhance our offerings and expand the breadth of health and wellness products and services offered on our websites and mobile applications. This includes investments in personalized product offerings, including in our compounding capabilities. This also includes further investments in and development of mobile phone technology, including our mobile applications, in order to improve the customer experience on our platform. In the short term, we expect these investments to increase our operating expenses; however, in the long term, we anticipate that 
 51 

Table of Contents 

these investments will positively impact our results of operations. If we are unsuccessful at improving our offerings or are unable to generate additional demand for our offerings, we may not recover the financial investments we make into the business and revenue may not increase in the future. 
 
 Expansion into new categories 
 
 We expect to continue to expand into new health and wellness categories with our offerings. Category expansion allows us to increase the number of health and wellness consumers for whom we can provide products and services. It also allows us to offer access to treatment of additional conditions that may already affect our current customers. Expanding into new health and wellness categories has required and will continue to require financial investments in additional headcount, marketing and customer acquisition costs, additional operational capabilities, and may require the purchase of new inventory. If we are unable to generate sufficient demand in new health and wellness categories, we may not recover the financial investments we make into new categories and revenue may not increase in the future. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 In addition to our financial results determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we present Adjusted EBITDA (which is a non-GAAP financial measure), and Adjusted EBITDA margin (which is a non-GAAP ratio), each as defined below. We use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin to evaluate our ongoing operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin, when taken together with the corresponding U.S. GAAP financial measures, provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance by excluding certain items that may not be indicative of our business, results of operations, or outlook. We consider Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin to be important measures because they help illustrate underlying trends in our business and our historical operating performance on a more consistent basis. We believe that the use of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin is helpful to our investors as they are used by management in assessing the health of our business and our operating performance. 
 
 However, non-GAAP financial information is presented for supplemental informational purposes only, has limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate similarly-titled non-GAAP financial measures or ratios differently or may use other financial measures or ratios to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of Adjusted EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA margin as tools for comparison. Reconciliations are provided below to the most directly comparable financial measures stated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review our U.S. GAAP financial measures and not to rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a key performance measure that our management uses to assess our operating performance. Because Adjusted EBITDA facilitates internal comparisons of our historical operating performance on a more consistent basis, we use this measure for business planning purposes. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net loss before stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, acquisition-related costs (which includes (i) acquisition professional services; and (ii) consideration paid for employee compensation with vesting requirements incurred directly as a result of acquisitions, inclusive of revaluation of earn-out consideration recorded in general and administrative expenses), impairment of long-lived assets, income taxes, change in fair value of liabilities, net interest, one-time Merger bonuses and warrant expense, and amortization of debt issuance costs. Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

The following table reconciles net loss to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 526,916 271,878 148,757 Net loss (65,678) (107,659) (18,114) Stock-based compensation 42,817 67,211 5,831 Depreciation and amortization 7,474 4,075 1,057 Acquisition-related costs 1,192 8,105 Impairment of long-lived assets 1,127 (Benefit) provision for income taxes (31) (3,136) 127 Change in fair value of liabilities (70) (3,802) 3,101 Interest (income) / expense, net (2,610) (390) (438) Merger bonuses 5,219 Warrant expense in connection with Merger 154 Amortization of debt issuance costs 144 322 Adjusted EBITDA (15,779) (30,079) (8,114) Net loss as a of revenue (12) (40) (12) Adjusted EBITDA margin (3) (11) (5) 
 
 Some of the limitations of Adjusted EBITDA include (i) Adjusted EBITDA does not properly reflect capital commitments to be paid in the future, and (ii) although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the underlying assets may need to be replaced and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect these capital expenditures. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future we will incur expenses similar to the adjustments in this presentation. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by these expenses or any unusual or non-recurring items. We compensate for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the U.S. GAAP items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA. When evaluating our performance, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA in addition to, and not as a substitute for, other financial performance measures, including our net loss and other U.S. GAAP results. 

Basis of Presentation 
 
 Currently, we conduct business through one operating segment. Substantially all our long-lived assets are maintained in, and our losses are attributable to, the United States of America. Foreign operations are immaterial to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of our company, our wholly-owned subsidiaries, and variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary. The variable interest entities are: (i) Affiliated Medical Groups, which are professional corporations or other professional entities owned by licensed physicians and that engage licensed healthcare professionals (physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and mental health providers; collectively referred to as Providers or individually, a Provider to provide consultation services; and (ii) XeCare, LLC XeCare and Apostrophe Pharmacy LLC Apostrophe Pharmacy , and together with XeCare, the Affiliated Pharmacies ), which are licensed mail order pharmacies providing prescription fulfillment solely to our customers. We determined that we are the primary beneficiary of the Affiliated Medical Groups and the Affiliated Pharmacies for accounting purposes because we have the ability to direct the activities that most significantly affect these entities economic performance and have the obligation to absorb the entities losses. Under the variable interest entity model, we present the results of operations and the financial position of the entities as part of our consolidated financial statements as if the consolidated group were a single economic entity. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Components of Results of Operations 
 
 Revenue 
 
 We recognize revenue when we transfer promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. 
 
 Our consolidated revenue primarily comprises of online sales of health and wellness products through our websites and mobile applications, including prescription and non-prescription products. In contracts that contain prescription products issued as the result of a consultation, revenue also includes medical consultation services provided by Affiliated Medical Groups. Additionally, revenue is generated through wholesale arrangements. 
 
 For information on our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue consists of costs directly attributable to the products shipped and services rendered, including product costs, packaging materials, shipping costs, and labor costs directly related to revenue generating activities. Costs related to free products where there is no expectation of future purchases from a customer and depreciation and amortization on property and equipment are considered to be operating expenses and are excluded from cost of revenue. 
 
 Gross profit and gross margin 
 
 Our gross profit represents total revenue less our total cost of revenue, and our gross margin is our gross profit expressed as a percentage of our total revenue. Our gross profit and gross margin have been and will continue to be affected by a number of factors, including the prices we charge for our products and services, the costs we incur from our vendors for certain components of our cost of revenues, the mix of the various products and services we sell in a period, the mix of Online Revenue and Wholesale Revenue in a period, the impact of acquisitions, and our ability to sell our inventory. We expect our gross margin to fluctuate from period to period depending on these and other factors. 
 
 Marketing expenses 
 
 The largest component of our marketing expenses consists of our discretionary customer acquisition costs. Customer acquisition costs, also called paid marketing expense, are the advertising and media costs associated with our efforts to acquire new customers, promote our brands, and build awareness for our products and services. Customer acquisition costs include advertising in digital media, social media, television, radio, out-of-home media, and various other media outlets. Marketing expenses also include overhead expenses, including salaries, benefits, taxes, and stock-based compensation for personnel; agency, contractor, and consulting expenses; content production, software, and other marketing operating costs. Marketing is an important driver of growth and we intend to continue to make significant investments in customer acquisition and our marketing organization. Historically, our marketing expenses have increased quarter-over-quarter, with such increases typically reflecting a decreasing percentage of revenue over recent quarters with respect to a given cohort. We expect this trend to continue, though marketing expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue due to the timing and discretionary nature of these expenses. 
 
 Operations and support expenses 
 
 Operations and support expenses include the salaries, benefits, taxes, professional services expenses, and stock-based compensation for personnel, consultants, and contractors for our supply chain, retail, medical group, pharmacy, fulfillment, and customer service functions. These expenses also include operating expenses primarily relating to operating and support functions for facilities, warehousing and fulfillment, payment processing, third-party software and hosting to support those functions, and related depreciation. We expect operations and support expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in our fulfillment and operating capabilities and grow our business. However, we anticipate operations and 
 54 

Table of Contents 

support expenses will decrease as a percentage of revenue over the long term, although it may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue from period to period due to the timing and amount of these expenses. 
 
 Technology and development expenses 
 
 Technology and development expenses include the salaries, benefits, taxes, professional services expenses, and stock-based compensation for personnel, consultants, and contractors for our engineering, product management, product development, and data science functions. These expenses also include operating expenses primarily relating to technology and development functions for the operation, maintenance and enhancement of our digital platform, websites and mobile applications, inclusive of related expenses for third-party software and hosting to support those functions, and related depreciation. Expenses also include investments to develop new health and wellness products and services. We expect technology and development expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we grow our business and continue to invest in our platform and new offerings. However, we anticipate technology and development expenses will decrease as a percentage of revenue over the long term, although it may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue from period to period due to the timing and amount of these expenses. 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 
 General and administrative expenses G A include the salaries, benefits, taxes, professional services expenses, and stock-based compensation for personnel, consultants, and contractors for our executive, legal, human resources, finance, brand strategy, and other corporate functions. These expenses also include operating expenses primarily relating to general and administrative functions for insurance, third-party software and hosting to support those functions, related depreciation and amortization, and other general corporate costs. We expect G A to increase for the foreseeable future as we increase headcount with the growth of our business. However, we anticipate G A will decrease as a percentage of revenue over the long term, in part due to our expected execution of disciplined headcount growth, although it may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue from period to period due to the timing and amount of these expenses. 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 
 Other income (expense) primarily consists of the change in fair value of liabilities, as well as interest income from our cash and cash equivalents and investment accounts. Additionally, other income (expense) includes non-operating and one-time charges classified outside of operating expenses and interest expense related to our past borrowing arrangements with a leading financial institution, which have been paid in full. 
 
 Benefit (provision) for income taxes 
 
 The benefit (provision) for income taxes primarily consists of state taxes and change in valuation allowance. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management believes it is not more likely than not to be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income. Management makes estimates and judgments about future taxable income based on assumptions that are consistent with our plans and estimates. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 
 Comparisons for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 and the dollar and percentage change between the three periods (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Change Change 2021 Change Change 2020 Revenue 526,916 255,038 94 271,878 123,121 83 148,757 Cost of revenue 118,194 50,810 75 67,384 28,077 71 39,307 Gross profit 408,722 204,228 100 204,494 95,044 87 109,450 Operating expenses:(1) Marketing 272,587 136,685 101 135,902 76,913 130 58,989 Operations and support 77,403 29,810 63 47,593 19,257 68 28,336 Technology and development 29,237 6,858 31 22,379 11,141 99 11,238 General and administrative 98,192 (15,470) (14) 113,662 87,631 337 26,031 Total operating expenses 477,419 157,883 49 319,536 194,942 156 124,594 Loss from operations (68,697) 46,345 (40) (115,042) (99,898) 660 (15,144) Other income (expense): Change in fair value of liabilities 70 (3,732) (98) 3,802 6,903 (3,101) Other income, net 2,918 2,473 556 445 187 72 258 Total other income (expense), net 2,988 (1,259) (30) 4,247 7,090 (2,843) Loss before income taxes (65,709) 45,086 (41) (110,795) (92,808) 516 (17,987) Benefit (provision) for income taxes 31 (3,105) (99) 3,136 3,263 (127) Net loss (65,678) 41,981 (39) (107,659) (89,545) 494 (18,114) ______________ 
 ) Not meaningful 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Marketing 4,648 9,664 1,172 Operations and support 2,684 2,735 155 Technology and development 4,327 4,481 269 General and administrative 31,158 50,331 4,235 Total stock-based compensation expense 42,817 67,211 5,831 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth our results of operations as a percentage of our total revenue for the periods presented: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 100 100 100 Cost of revenue 22 25 26 Gross profit 78 75 74 Operating expenses: Marketing 52 50 40 Operations and support 15 17 19 Technology and development 6 8 8 General and administrative 18 42 17 Total operating expenses 91 117 84 Loss from operations (13) (42) (10) Other income (expense): Change in fair value of liabilities 1 (2) Other income, net 1 Total other income (expense), net 1 1 (2) Loss before income taxes (12) (41) (12) Benefit (provision) for income taxes 1 Net loss (12) (40) (12) 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Revenue was 526.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 271.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 255.0 million, or 94 . For detailed discussion of this increase, refer to Revenue and Key Business Metrics. 
 
 Cost of revenue and gross profit 
 
 Cost of revenue was 118.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 67.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 50.8 million, or 75 . This increase was primarily due to increased costs associated with medical consultation services of 97 , increased shipping costs of 74 , and increased product and packaging costs of approximately 67 . These increases were due to overall increased business activity with the addition of new Subscribers, as well as a full year of operations for both HHL and Apostrophe for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Gross profit was 408.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 204.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 204.2 million or 100 . Correspondingly, gross margin was 78 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 75 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to lower product and packaging costs as a percent of revenue as a result of fulfilling greater order volume by Affiliated Pharmacies at lower costs as compared to third-party pharmacies. This increase was partially offset by including a full year of operations for both HHL and Apostrophe for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Marketing expenses 
 
 Marketing expenses were 272.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 135.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 136.7 million or 101 . The most significant component of marketing expenses is customer acquisition costs, which increased to 230.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 99.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 131.3 million or 132 . The increase in customer acquisition costs was a result of management s decision to increase investment in display, search, and linear and streaming television marketing, as we 
 57 

Table of Contents 

continue to identify opportunities to drive new customer growth, as well as the customer acquisition costs associated with a full year of the operations of HHL and Apostrophe for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Operations and support 
 
 Operations and support expenses were 77.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 47.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 29.8 million or 63 . The increase in operations and support was primarily driven by an increase in employee compensation (comprising salaries and wages, benefits, taxes, and performance bonuses, and excluding stock-based compensation) of 12.3 million, an increase in order fulfillment, transaction processing, and selling costs of 9.0 million, an increase in professional services of 5.0 million, and depreciation, amortization, and technology costs of operations and support functions of 1.8 million. 
 
 Operations and support expenses were 47.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 28.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 19.3 million or 68 . The increase in operations and support was primarily driven by an increase in employee compensation (excluding stock-based compensation) of 8.1 million, an increase in order fulfillment, transaction processing, and selling costs of 5.2 million, an increase in stock-based compensation of 2.6 million, and an increase in depreciation, amortization, and technology costs of operations and support functions of 1.7 million. 
 
 Technology and development 
 
 Technology and development expenses were 29.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 22.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 6.9 million or 31 . The increase in technology and development expenses were primarily driven by an increase in employee compensation (excluding stock-based compensation) of 5.3 million and an increase in depreciation, amortization, and technology costs of 2.8 million. These costs were partially offset by a decrease in product development costs of 1.3 million, which primarily resulted from one-time costs incurred during the third quarter of 2021. 
 
 Technology and development expenses were 22.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 11.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 11.1 million or 99 . The increase in technology and development expenses were primarily driven by an increase in stock-based compensation of 4.2 million, an increase in employee compensation (excluding stock-based compensation) of 4.1 million, an increase in product development costs of 1.6 million, and an increase in depreciation, amortization, and technology costs of 1.2 million. 
 
 General and administrative 
 
 General and administrative expenses were 98.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 113.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 15.5 million or 14 . The decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily driven by a decrease in stock-based compensation of 19.2 million. The decrease in stock-based compensation was attributable to the expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the earn-out consideration issued as part of the Merger (as defined in Note 1 Organization to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) as well as the recognition of expense related to stock options granted to the Chief Executive Officer and vesting of restricted stock units, which were both contingent upon the achievement of a liquidity event that was satisfied upon the closing of the Merger. All of these resulted in either one-time expenses or cumulative catch-up expense as a result of the Merger. In the year ended December 31, 2021, we also incurred 5.2 million of bonus expense almost entirely as a result of the previously disclosed transaction bonus related to the Merger. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the decrease in general and administrative expenses was attributable to acquisition fees of 6.9 million related to the Merger in 2021. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in employee compensation (excluding stock-based compensation) of 8.5 million, an increase in depreciation, amortization, and technology costs relating to general and administrative functions of 3.8 million, an increase in insurance premiums of 1.3 million, and an increase in corporate events and travel costs of 1.0 million. Even though employee compensation increased year over year, it resulted in a decrease in general and administrative expenses as a percent of revenue due in part to the Company s execution of disciplined headcount growth. 
 
 General and administrative expenses were 113.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 26.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 87.6 million, or 337 . The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily driven by an increase in stock-based compensation of 46.1 million. The increase in stock-based compensation was primarily attributable to the expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021 for either one-time expenses or 
 58 

Table of Contents 

cumulative catch-up expense as a result of the Merger as discussed above. In the year ended December 31, 2021, we also incurred 5.2 million of bonus expense almost entirely as a result of the previously disclosed transaction bonus related to the Merger. Furthermore, for the year ended December 31, 2021, the increase in general and administrative expenses was also attributable to an increase in employee compensation (excluding stock-based compensation) of 9.9 million, an increase in professional services of 8.3 million, an increase in insurance premiums of 7.2 million, an increase in acquisition fees of 6.9 million, and an increase in depreciation, amortization, and technology costs relating to general and administrative functions of 4.1 million. 
 
 Other income 
 
 Other income was 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1.3 million. The change was driven primarily by a decrease in the gain from the change in fair value of liabilities of 3.7 million, partially offset by an increase in interest income of 2.2 million. 
 
 Benefit (provision) for income taxes 
 
 Benefit for income taxes was less than 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily due to the partial release of valuation allowance totaling 3.1 million in the third quarter of 2021 as a result of the tax liability recorded for the Apostrophe acquisition, serving as a source of income for existing tax assets. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents in the amount of 46.8 million, which are invested in money market funds and government bonds, and investments in the amount of 132.9 million, which are invested in corporate bonds, as well as government and government agency securities. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made payments for the Apostrophe acquisition earn-out payable totaling 42.8 million, with such payment amounts determined in fiscal year 2021 in accordance with the terms of the related acquisition agreement. The Apostrophe earn-out payments totaling 42.8 million are recorded: (i) 10.1 million within operating activities; and (ii) 32.7 million within financing activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows. No further earn-out payments are due under the Apostrophe acquisition agreement. 
 
 We have historically incurred negative cash flows from operating activities and significant losses from operations in the past. We expect to continue to incur operating losses at least for the next 12 months due to the investments that we intend to make in our business. We believe our existing cash resources and funds raised from the closing of the Merger are sufficient to support planned operations for the next 12 months. As a result, management believes that our current financial resources are sufficient to continue operating activities for at least one year past the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the number of orders we receive, the size of our customer base, the continuing market acceptance of telehealth, and the timing and extent of spend to support the expansion of sales, marketing, development activities, and our facilities, which may be impacted by inflationary or other macroeconomic factors. We completed two acquisitions in 2021 and expect to continue to pursue opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, and technologies, including intellectual property rights. We have based our estimate of our future capital requirements on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. We may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be harmed. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table provides a summary of cash flow data (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash used in operating activities (26,531) (34,412) (2,479) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 34,699 (156,268) (39,701) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (33,127) 235,043 47,742 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 Our largest source of operating cash flows is cash collections from our customers. Our primary use of cash from operating activities includes costs of revenue, marketing expenses, and personnel-related expenditures to support the growth of our business. 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 26.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The most significant component of our cash used was a net loss of 65.7 million. This included non-cash expense related to stock-based compensation of 42.8 million, depreciation and amortization of 7.5 million, and impairment of long-lived assets of 1.1 million. In addition, a net cash outflow totaling 14.2 million was attributable to changes in operating assets and liabilities, primarily as a result of a decrease in earn-out payable of 10.2 million, an increase in inventory of 8.0 million, an increase in prepaid expenses of 6.3 million, and a decrease in deferred revenue of 1.7 million. This outflow was partially offset by an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 13.6 million. 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 34.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The most significant component of our cash used was a net loss of 107.7 million. This included non-cash expense related to stock-based compensation of 67.2 million, depreciation and amortization of 4.1 million, net amortization on securities of 2.2 million, and non-cash acquisition-related costs of 1.2 million. Non-cash expense was partially offset by non-cash income of 3.8 million related to the change in fair value of liabilities and benefit for deferred taxes of 3.4 million. In addition, a net cash inflow totaling 3.5 million was attributable to changes in operating assets and liabilities, primarily as a result of an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 10.1 million, a decrease in prepaid expenses of 3.2 million, and an increase in deferred revenue of 1.4 million. This inflow was partially offset by an increase in inventory of 9.6 million. 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities primarily relate to our treasury operations of investing in available-for-sale investments, as well as acquisitions, investment in website and mobile application development and internal-use software, and purchases of property and equipment. 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 34.7 million, which was primarily due to net investment cash inflows of 42.4 million, partially offset by investments in website development and internal-use software, including investment in our mobile technology of 4.5 million, and purchases of property, equipment, and intangible assets of 2.7 million. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 156.3 million, which was primarily due to net investment cash outflows of 104.8 million, as well as acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired, of 46.5 million and website development and internal-use software, including investment in our mobile technology of 4.2 million. 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 33.1 million, which was primarily due to payments for earn-out consideration for acquisitions of 32.7 million and payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards of 3.9 million, partially offset by proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 2.2 million and proceeds from employee stock purchase plan of 1.2 million. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 235.0 million, which was primarily due to the proceeds from the issuance of Class A common stock as a result of the Merger of 197.7 million, proceeds from the PIPE Investment (as defined in the accompanying consolidated financial statements) of 75.0 million, proceeds from the exercise of warrants and stock options of 2.0 million, and proceeds received from employee repayment of promissory notes of 1.2 million. This cash inflow was partially offset by payments related to pre-closing stock repurchase of 22.0 million, Merger transaction costs of 12.9 million, and payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards of 6.0 million. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 Our contractual obligations and commitments include earn-out liabilities related to an acquisition, operating leases, and non-cancelable purchase obligations primarily related to cloud-based software contracts used in operations. Total contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022 were 10.1 million, of which 3.1 million was payable within 12 months. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from management s estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our consolidated financial statements will be affected. 
 
 On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, judgements, and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are the policies that we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Revenue recognition 
 
 Our consolidated revenue primarily comprises online sales of health and wellness products and services through our websites and mobile applications, including prescription and non-prescription products. In contracts that contain prescription products issued as the result of a consultation, revenue also includes medical consultation services provided by Affiliated Medical Groups. Additionally, we offer a range of health and wellness products through wholesale partners. 
 
 For Online Revenue, we define our customer as an individual who purchases products or services through our websites or mobile applications. For Wholesale Revenue, we define our customer as a wholesale partner, with the exception of consignment arrangements, where our customer is defined as an individual who purchases products through certain third-party platforms. The transaction price in our contracts with customers is the total amount of consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring products or services to the customer. 
 
 Our contracts that contain prescription products issued as the result of a consultation include two performance obligations: access to (i) products and (ii) consultation services. Our contracts for prescription refills and contracts that do not contain prescription products have a single performance obligation. Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the promised product to the customer and, in contracts that contain services, by the provision of consultation services to the customer. We satisfy our performance obligation for products at a point in time, which is upon delivery of the products to a third-party carrier. We satisfy our performance obligation for services over the period of the consultation service, which is typically within one day. The customer obtains control of the products and services upon our completion of our performance obligations. 
 
 For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The stand-alone selling price is based on the prices at which we separately sell the products and services, as well as market and cost plus estimates. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

To fulfill our promise to customers for contracts that include professional medical consultations, we maintain relationships with various Affiliated Medical Groups and Providers. We account for service revenue as a principal in the arrangement with our customers. This conclusion is reached because (i) we determine which Affiliated Medical Group and Provider provides the consultation to the customer; (ii) we are primarily responsible for the satisfactory fulfillment and acceptability of the services; (iii) we incur costs for consultation services even for visits that do not result in a prescription and the sale of products; and (iv) we, at our sole discretion, set all listed prices charged on our websites and mobile applications for products and services. 
 
 Additionally, to fulfill our promise to customers for contracts that include sale of prescription products, we maintain relationships with (i) certain third-party pharmacies Partner Pharmacies or individually, a Partner Pharmacy and (ii) Affiliated Pharmacies. The Partner Pharmacies and the Affiliated Pharmacies fill prescription orders for customers who have received a prescription from a prescribing Provider through our websites and mobile applications. We account for prescription product revenue as a principal in the arrangement with our customers. This conclusion is reached because (i) we have sole discretion in determining which Partner Pharmacy or Affiliated Pharmacy fills a customer s prescription; (ii) Partner Pharmacies and Affiliated Pharmacies fill the prescription based on fulfillment instructions provided by us, including using our branded packaging for generic products; (iii) we are primarily responsible to the customer for the satisfactory fulfillment and acceptability of the order; (iv) we are responsible for refunds of the prescription medication after transfer of control to the customer; and (v) we, at our sole discretion, set all listed prices charged on our websites and mobile applications for products and services. 
 
 We estimate refunds using the expected value method primarily based on historical refunds granted to customers. We update our estimate at the end of each reporting period and recognize the estimated amount as contra-revenue with a corresponding refund liability. Sales, value-added, and other taxes are excluded from the transaction price and, therefore, from revenue. 
 
 We account for shipping activities, consisting of direct costs to ship products performed after the control of a product has been transferred to the customer, in cost of revenue. 
 
 For online sales, payment for prescription medication and non-prescription products is typically collected from the customer a few days in advance of product shipment. Contract liabilities are recorded when payments have been received from the customer for undelivered products or services and are recognized as revenue when the performance obligations are later satisfied. Contract liabilities consisting of balances related to customer prepayments are recognized as current deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets since the associated revenue will be primarily recognized within the following month. For wholesale arrangements, payments are collected in accordance with contract terms. 
 
 Consolidation of variable interest entities 
 
 U.S. GAAP requires variable interest entities to be consolidated if an entity is the primary beneficiary. Under the variable interest model, the primary beneficiary is determined based on which entity, if any, has (i) the power to direct the activities of the variable interest entity that most significantly impacts the variable interest entity s economic performance and (ii) the obligations to absorb losses that could potentially be significant to the variable interest entity or the right to receive benefits from the variable interest entity that could potentially be significant to the variable interest entity. 
 
 We determined that we are the primary beneficiary of the Affiliated Medical Groups and Affiliated Pharmacies for accounting purposes because we have the ability to direct the activities that most significantly affect the entities economic performance and have the obligation to absorb the entities losses. 
 
 We perform ongoing reassessments of whether changes in the facts and circumstances regarding our involvement with the Affiliated Medical Groups and Affiliated Pharmacies would cause our consolidation conclusion to change. The consolidation status of the variable interest entities with which we are involved may change as a result of such reassessments. Changes in consolidation status are applied in accordance with applicable U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Business combinations 
 
 We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. The purchase price is attributed to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition are expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets and liabilities acquired or assumed are measured separately at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price of acquisition over the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the acquiree is recorded 
 62 

Table of Contents 

as goodwill. The results of businesses acquired in a business combination are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
 
 When we issue stock-based or cash awards to an acquired company s shareholders, we evaluate whether the awards are consideration or compensation for post-acquisition services. The evaluation includes, among other things, whether the vesting of the awards is contingent on the continued employment of the acquired company s stockholders beyond the acquisition date. If continued employment is required for vesting, the awards are treated as compensation for post-acquisition services and recognized as expense over the requisite service period. 
 
 Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management to use significant judgment and estimates, including the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future revenue and cash flows, discount rates, and selection of comparable companies. The estimates and assumptions used to determine the fair values and useful lives of identified intangible assets could change due to numerous factors, including market conditions, technological developments, economic conditions, and competition. In connection with determination of fair values, we may engage a third-party valuation specialist to assist with the valuation of intangible and certain tangible assets acquired and certain assumed obligations. 
 
 Any acquired assets from a business combination including intangible assets subject to amortization are continuously monitored and reviewed for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In such cases, recoverability of assets to be held and used is assessed by comparing the carrying amount of assets with their future underlying net undiscounted cash flows without interest charges. If such assets are considered to be impaired, an impairment is recognized as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the estimated fair values of the assets. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to certain market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including sensitivities as follows: 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our exposure to interest rate fluctuations relate primarily to our cash equivalents and short-term investments. 
 
 We had cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaling 179.6 million and 247.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which were held for working capital purposes. Our cash equivalents are comprised of money market funds and government bonds, and our short-term investments are comprised of corporate bonds, government bonds, and asset-backed bonds. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 There was no material foreign currency risk for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 since we operate primarily in the United States. Our operations in the United Kingdom are not considered significant. Accordingly, we believe we do not have a material exposure to foreign currency risk. We may choose to focus on international expansion in the future, which may increase our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 64 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 67 
 Consolidated Statement of Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 69 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors 
 Hims Hers Health, Inc.: 
 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hims Hers Health, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, mezzanine equity and stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
 64 

Table of Contents 

expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Impairment indicators for certain trade name intangible assets 
 
 As discussed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the carrying value of the Company s trade name intangible assets was 19.7 million as of December 31, 2022. Long-lived assets, including trade name intangible assets, are reviewed for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (triggering events) indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of triggering events that indicate the carrying amount of certain trade name intangible assets may not be recoverable as a critical audit matter. Challenging auditor judgment was required to assess the Company s identification and evaluation of indicators of potential impairment. Specifically, judgments included the identification and evaluation of potential quantitative and qualitative impairment indicators, including demand for the certain asset group s products and services, profitability, and other business factors. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of an internal control related to the Company s identification and evaluation of triggering events for long-lived assets, including certain trade name intangible assets. We evaluated the Company s triggering event identification and assessment, including the demand for the certain asset group s products and services and profitability, by: 
 
 inspecting actual operating results and budgets in comparison with financial projections made by the Company at the time the certain asset group was acquired to identify underperformance 
 considering relevant analyst reports 
 inquiring of Company officials regarding future plans for the certain asset group 
 reading board of directors meetings minutes to identify other business factors that might impact the evaluation of triggering events. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 San Francisco, California 
 February 27, 2023 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Hims Hers Health, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash Goodwill Intangibles, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Earn-out payable Operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Earn-out liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 Stockholders' equity: Common stock Class A shares, par value , shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; Class V shares, par value , shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Hims Hers Health, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of 
 Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Marketing Operations and support Technology and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other income (expense): Change in fair value of liabilities ) Other income, net Total other income (expense), net ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Benefit (provision) for income taxes ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Hims Hers Health, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 (In Thousands, Except Share Data) 
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Redeemable Class A Common Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) Issuance of Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs of million 
 Exercise of Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants Exercise of Class A common stock warrants Exercise of vested stock options Early exercise of unvested stock options Vesting of early-exercised stock options Forfeiture of unvested early-exercised shares ) Stock-based compensation Expiration of the Class A common stock redemption right ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Pre-closing stock repurchase, net of exercise of vested options ) ) ) ) ) Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock ) ) Repayment of related-party promissory notes associated with vested shares Forfeiture of related-party promissory notes ) Conversion of Series D preferred stock warrants to Class A common warrants Exercise of Class A common stock warrants Issuance of common stock upon Merger, net of transaction costs of million 
 Issuance of PIPE shares Warrant expense in connection with Merger Issuance of Merger earn-out shares to common stockholders Issuance of common stock for acquisition of businesses Exercise of vested stock options Vesting of early exercised stock options, net of cancelations ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock upon vesting of RSUs, net of shares withheld for taxes Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Issuance of common stock upon Class A common stock warrant redemption Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of RSUs, net of shares withheld for taxes Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Exercise of vested stock options Vesting of early exercised stock options Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Hims Hers Health, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In Thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Change in fair value of liabilities ) ) Warrant expense in connection with Merger Lease termination expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Net amortization on securities Benefit for deferred taxes ) ) Impairment of long-lived assets Non-cash operating lease cost Non-cash acquisition-related costs Non-cash other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other long-term assets ) Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Earn-out payable ) Other long-term liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Investing activities Purchases of investments ) ) ) Maturities of investments Proceeds from sales of investments Investment in website and mobile application development and internal-use software ) ) ) Purchases of property, equipment, and intangible assets ) ) ) Deferred consideration paid for acquisitions ) Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs Pre-closing stock repurchase ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon Merger Proceeds from PIPE Payments for transaction costs related to securities issuances ) ) Proceeds from repayment of promissory notes associated with vested and unvested shares Proceeds from exercise of Series C preferred stock warrants Proceeds from exercise of Class A common stock warrants, net of redemption payments Proceeds from exercise of vested and unvested stock options, net of repurchases and cancelations Repayments of principal on term loan ) Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Payments for earn-out consideration for acquisitions ) Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Foreign currency effect on cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid for taxes Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities Expiration of Class A common stock redemption right Exercise of convertible preferred stock warrants Recapitalization of redeemable convertible preferred stock from pre-closing stock repurchase Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock Assumption of Merger warrants liability Redemption/exercise of Class A common stock warrants Conversion of Series D preferred stock warrants to Class A common warrants Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for lease liability Vesting of early-exercised stock options, net of cancelations Common stock issued, contingent consideration, and liabilities assumed in acquisition of businesses 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Hims Hers Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 
 shares of Company Class A common stock for 1 share of Hims Class A common stock). 
 
 Prior to the Merger, OAC ordinary shares and warrants were traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the ticker symbols OAC and OAC WS , respectively. On the Closing Date, the Company s Class A common stock and warrants began trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbols HIMS and HIMS WS , respectively. Upon the completion of the warrant redemption in August 2021, the Company is trading on the NYSE solely under the ticker symbol HIMS . One of the primary purposes of the Merger was to provide a platform for Hims to gain access to the U.S. capital markets. See Note 3 Recapitalization for additional details. 

2. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company had operations primarily in the United States and immaterial operations in the United Kingdom. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Use of Estimates 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Concentration Risk 

. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, two wholesale customers individually represented more than 10 of accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2021, three wholesale customers represented more than 10 of accounts receivable. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, no single customer represented more than 10 of revenue. In addition, revenue related to sales in foreign countries was less than 10 of revenue for each of those years. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

Business Combinations 

Segment Reporting 

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 

Investments 

72 

Table of Contents 

Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and Credit Losses 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

Inventory 

73 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accounts receivable was million and million, respectively. There were write-offs of accounts receivable for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had allowances for doubtful accounts. 
 
 The Company does not have any off-balance sheet credit exposure related to its customers. 
 
 Other Long-Term Assets 
 
 Property and equipment, net was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is classified within other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets. and consist primarily of facility equipment, computers, equipment, furniture, and fixtures. 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is classified within other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The costs incurred during the website application and infrastructure stages as well as costs incurred during the graphics and content development stages are capitalized; all other costs are expensed as incurred. In addition, the Company incurs costs to develop software for internal use. The costs incurred during the application development phase are capitalized until the project is completed and the asset is ready for intended use. All costs that relate to the preliminary project and post-implementation operation phases of development are expensed as incurred. 
 
 2024 2025 Total 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 reporting unit. When testing goodwill for impairment, the Company may first perform an optional qualitative assessment. If the Company determines it is not more likely than not the reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying value, then no further analysis is necessary. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the quantitative impairment test will be performed. Under the quantitative impairment test, if the carrying amount of the Company s reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the Company will recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to that excess but limited to the total amount of goodwill. Goodwill of million was acquired during the second and third quarters of 2021 and goodwill impairment was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

, within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 events or changes in circumstances existed that would indicate any impairment of its long-lived assets. The Company recognized million of impairment charges on long-lived assets during the year ended December 31, 2022 in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 Operating Leases 

Revenue Recognition 

75 

Table of Contents 

Wholesale Revenue Total revenue 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

Cost of Revenue 

Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 for options, warrants, and RSUs that do not have performance or market conditions. Stock options and RSUs with performance conditions are recognized when it is probable that performance criteria will be achieved and compensation cost is recognized using the accelerated attribution method. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. 
 
 The Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase the Company s Class A common stock during pre-specified offering periods at a discount established by the compensation committee. The purchase price is of the lower of the fair market value of the Company s Class A common stock on the first trading day of the offering period and the fair market value on the purchase date. The ability to purchase shares of the Company s Class A common stock for a discount represents an option and, therefore, the ESPP is considered a compensatory plan. Accordingly, stock-based compensation expense is determined based on the option s grant-date fair value as estimated by applying the Black Scholes option-pricing model and is recognized over the requisite service period, which is the withholding period. 
 
 Income Taxes 

77 

Table of Contents 

Employee Benefit Plan 
 
 of eligible employee s elective deferrals up to an annual maximum of dollars per employee. The Company recognized matching contributions cost of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Advertising 
 
 million, million, and million, respectively. Customer acquisition expenses are charged to expense as incurred and recorded within marketing expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company defers production costs associated with advertising campaigns until the date of first showing. 
 
 Other Comprehensive Loss 
 
 . 
 
 Liquidity 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of million and had negative cash flows from operating activities of million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million, cash and cash equivalents of million, and short-term investments of million. 

3. 
 
 of Hims shares and Hims received gross proceeds of million. Transaction costs of million, which consist of legal, accounting, and other professional services directly related to the Merger, are included in additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheet. On the Closing Date, each Hims stockholder received approximately shares of the 
 78 

Table of Contents 

per share, for each share of Hims Class A common stock, par value per share, that such stockholder owned (with the CEO receiving shares of the Company s Class V common stock, par value per share, for each share of Hims Class V common stock, par value per share, that the CEO owned). Each Hims stockholder also received warrants exercisable for the Company s Class A common stock, for each share of Hims Class A or Class V common stock owned by such stockholder prior to the Merger and earn-out shares at an exchange ratio of . 
 
 As additional consideration, OAC also granted OAC Class A common stock warrants Parent Warrants to Hims stockholders, Parent Warrants to warrant holders, and approximately RSUs to Hims option and RSU holders Parent Warrant RSUs ). 
 
 All equity awards of Hims were assumed by OAC and converted into comparable equity awards that are settled or exercisable for shares of the Company s Class A common stock. As a result, each stock option was converted into an option to purchase shares of the Company s Class A common stock based on an exchange ratio of . Each award of the Hims RSUs was converted into RSUs of the Company based on an exchange ratio of . Similarly, all outstanding Hims warrants were converted at an exchange ratio of . 
 
 The Merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization with Hims as the accounting acquirer and OAC as the acquired company for accounting purposes. Hims was determined to be the accounting acquirer since Hims shareholders prior to the Merger had the greatest voting interest in the combined entity, Hims shareholders appointed the initial directors of the combined Board of Directors and control future appointments, Hims comprises all of the ongoing operations, and Hims senior management directs operations of the combined entity. Accordingly, all historical financial information presented in these consolidated financial statements represents the accounts of Hims and its wholly-owned subsidiaries as if Hims, rather than OAC, is the predecessor to the Company. No step-up basis of intangible assets or goodwill was recorded and net assets were stated at historical cost consistent with the treatment of the transaction as a reverse recapitalization of Hims. The shares and net loss per common share prior to the Merger have been retroactively restated as shares reflecting the exchange ratio established in the Merger Company shares for 1 Hims share). 
 
 Merger Earn-Out Shares 
 
 Following the closing of the Merger, holders of Hims common stock and outstanding equity awards (including warrant, stock option and RSU holders) had the right to receive up to an aggregate amount of shares of Company Class A common stock (or equivalent equity award) that would vest (in part) in equal thirds if the trading price of the Company s Class A common stock was greater than or equal to , , and for any trading days within any -trading day period on or prior to the date that is following the Closing Date. These shares of restricted Class A common stock and equivalent equity awards would also vest in connection with an acquisition of the Company if the applicable thresholds were met in any sale (as defined in the Merger Agreement) but subject to the same deadline. In February 2021, all earn-out thresholds were met. In the first quarter of 2021, earn-out awards related to option holders received final approval by the Board of Directors. The earn-out shares are equity classified since they do not meet the liability classification criteria outlined in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and are both (i) indexed to the Company s own shares and (ii) meet the criteria for equity classification. 
 
 PIPE Investment 
 
 Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, OAC entered into subscription agreements on September 30, 2020 with certain investors (the PIPE Investors pursuant to which such investors collectively subscribed for shares of the Company s Class A common stock at per share for aggregate gross proceeds of million (the PIPE Investment ). The PIPE Investment was consummated substantially concurrently with the closing of the Merger. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 
 acquisitions in 2021 and accounted for these transactions using the acquisition method with the purchase prices being allocated to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective estimated fair values on the acquisition dates. Fair values were determined using income approaches. 

Honest Health Limited 
 
 In June 2021, the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity of Honest Health Limited, which is now Hims Hers UK Limited HHL ), an entity located in the United Kingdom that offers health and wellness products and services, to further expand its operations in the United Kingdom. The purchase price for accounting purposes was million, including cash paid upfront and payable in the future, an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class A common stock valued at million, and contingent consideration of million. The purchase agreement includes up to million of potential earn-out payable in cash and stock upon achievement of revenue targets, which is recognized as contingent consideration as well as post-acquisition employment expense. 
 
 The purchase price for accounting purposes excludes stock and cash consideration to be paid by the Company that is subject to vesting, which is recognized as selling, general, and administrative expenses post-acquisition. See Note 14 Stockholders Equity for additional details. The Company also incurred acquisition costs of million directly related to the acquisition, as well as post-acquisition employment expense of million, which were recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 Other intangible assets Goodwill Other net assets Net assets acquired 
 
 The excess of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. The acquired goodwill of million represents future economic benefits expected to arise from synergies from combining operations and commercial organizations to increase market presence and the extension of existing customer relationships. The goodwill recognized upon acquisition is t expected to be deductible for U.S. or U.K. income tax purposes. 
 
 The pro forma financial information, assuming the acquisition had taken place on January 1, 2020, as well as the revenue and earnings generated during the period after the acquisition date, were not material for separate disclosure and, accordingly, have not been presented. 
 
 Apostrophe 
 
 In July 2021, the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity of YoDerm, Inc. Apostrophe , an entity located in the United States that offers health and wellness products and services. The purchase price for accounting purposes was million, including cash payments of million, an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class A common stock valued at million, and contingent consideration of million. The purchase agreement includes up to million of potential earn-out payable in cash upon achievement of revenue targets, which is recognized as contingent consideration or post-acquisition employment expense depending on whether the vesting is contingent on continued employment beyond the acquisition date. 
 
 The purchase price for accounting purposes excludes stock consideration issued by the Company that is subject to vesting, which is recognized as selling, general, and administrative expenses post-acquisition. See Note 14 Stockholders Equity for additional details . The Company also incurred acquisition costs of million directly related to the acquisition, as well as 
 80 

Table of Contents 

million, which were recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 Other intangible assets Goodwill Other net liabilities ) Net assets acquired 

The excess of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. The acquired goodwill of million represents future economic benefits expected to arise from synergies from combining operations and commercial organizations to increase market presence and the extension of existing customer relationships. The goodwill recognized upon acquisition is t expected to be deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. 
 
 From the acquisition date through December 31, 2021, the Company recognized revenue related to Apostrophe of approximately million. Incremental pro forma revenue attributed to Apostrophe, assuming the acquisition had occurred as of January 1, 2020, would have been approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The pro forma revenue is presented for informational purposes only and does not purport to be indicative of the results of future operations or the results that would have occurred had the transaction taken place on January 1, 2020. Pro forma earnings of Apostrophe, assuming the acquisition had occurred as of January 1, 2020, as well as earnings generated during the period after the acquisition date, were not material for separate disclosure and, accordingly, have not been presented. 

5. 
 
 ) Government and government agency ) Total short-term investments ) 
 
 Short-term investments as of December 31, 2021, consist of the following (in thousands): 
 
 Adjusted Cost Unrealized Losses Fair Value Corporate bonds ) Asset-backed bonds ) Total short-term investments ) 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

6. 
 
 Raw materials Total inventory 

7. 
 
 Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

8. 
 
 ) Other ) Intangible assets, net ) 
 
 Intangible assets as of December 31, 2021 consist of the following (in thousands): 
 
 Gross Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value Weighted Average Remaining Useful Life (Years) Trade name ) Other ) Intangible assets, net ) 
 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets was million, million, and less than million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Impairment expense for intangible assets was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. There was impairment expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

82 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter 

9. 
 
 Marketing Tax Professional services Product and shipping Other accruals Total accrued liabilities 

10. 
 
 -month non-cancelable lease for square feet of warehouse space in New Albany, Ohio. The lease commenced on June 1, 2020. Total minimum lease payments are million, net of rent abatement for an initial period and with an annual escalation of . The Company has the option to extend the lease term for a period of . The Company utilizes the reasonably certain threshold criteria in determining which options it will exercise. 
 
 In January 2022, the Company entered into a -month non-cancelable lease for square feet of warehouse, distribution, and pharmacy space in Gilbert, Arizona. The lease commenced on September 1, 2022. Total minimum lease payments are million, net of rent abatement for an initial period and with annual escalation of . The Company has the option to extend the lease term for a period of . 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded operating lease costs of million and million, respectively, including variable operating lease costs of million in both years. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, operating cash flows used for operating leases were million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate was years and , respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Gross lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of net future minimum lease payments 
 83 

Table of Contents 

million is recorded: (i) million within the current liabilities; and (ii) million within long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 

11. 
 
 million and million, respectively, and total assets of million and million, respectively, for the VIEs. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, current and total liabilities were million and million, respectively. All amounts are after elimination of intercompany transactions, balances, and non-cash impact of operating leases. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the VIEs charged the Company million, million, and million, respectively, for services rendered. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 operations of the VIEs generated net income of million and net losses of million, and million, respectively, inclusive of administrative expenses. 

12. 
 
 Government bonds Short-term investments: Corporate bonds Government and government agency Restricted cash: Money market funds Total assets Liabilities Earn-out liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

Government bonds Short-term investments: Corporate bonds Government bonds Restricted cash: Money market funds Total assets Liabilities Earn-out liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 The fair values of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximated their carrying values as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to their short-term nature. All other financial instruments, except for earn-out liabilities, are valued either based on recent trades of securities in active markets or based on quoted market prices of similar instruments and other significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company had no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy of its assets or liabilities measured at fair value. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the long-term earn-out liability, which is solely related to the acquisition of HHL, is classified as a Level 3 fair value measurement containing significant unobservable inputs including estimates of achieving certain revenue targets. At inception, the fair value of the earn-out liability associated with the HHL acquisition was determined based on revenue projections and probability of achievement of revenue targets as evaluated using a Monte Carlo simulation. 
 Revenue volatility Counterparty discount rate 
 
 The fair value of the earn-out liability is remeasured at each reporting period. This change in fair value is related to contingent consideration and compensation costs (see Note 14 Stockholders Equity) and is recognized in other income (expense) and general and administrative expenses, respectively, on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 HHL acquisition Apostrophe acquisition Change in fair value due to revaluation and service-based vesting Reclassification to earn-out payable ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Change in fair value due to revaluation and service-based vesting Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

13. 
 
 million, with million payable in 2023 and million payable in 2024. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, the Company is a party to various litigation, claims, and other legal and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Some of these claims, lawsuits, and other proceedings may involve highly complex issues that are subject to substantial uncertainties, and could result in damages, fines, penalties, non-monetary sanctions, or relief. Management is not currently aware of any matters that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

14. 
 
 classes of common stock, Class A and Class V common stock. The rights are identical, including liquidation and dividend rights, except Class V common stock has additional voting rights. 
 
 RSU Releases 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company released and gross shares of Class A common stock upon vesting of RSUs. In connection with the releases, and shares of Class A common stock were withheld for the payment of employee taxes. There were RSU releases for year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 2017 Stock Plan and 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 In July 2017, Hims adopted the 2017 Stock Plan (the 2017 Plan ). Under the 2017 Plan, the board of directors of Hims granted awards, including incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, RSU awards, and other stock awards to employees, directors, and consultants of Hims. 
 
 In January 2021, in connection with the Merger, the Board of Directors adopted the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan and reserved authorized shares of Class A common stock the Company could issue. In addition, up to shares of Hims Class A common stock subject to awards granted under the 2017 Plan that were forfeited, expired, or lapsed unexercised or unsettled could be added to the 2020 Plan reserve. Beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on January 1, 2031, the number of authorized shares of common stock under the 2020 Plan will automatically increase each fiscal year by of the total number of Class A and Class V common stock issued and outstanding on the last day of the preceding fiscal year unless the Board of Directors approves a lesser number. As of the effective date of the 2020 Plan, no further stock awards have been or will be granted under the 2017 Plan. Through December 31, 2022, shares of Class A common stock subject to awards granted under the 2017 Plan that were outstanding on the Closing date and forfeited after the adoption of the 2020 Plan were added to the 2020 Plan reserve. Additionally, on January 1, 2022, shares of Class A common stock were automatically added to the 2020 Plan reserve. Therefore, as of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class A common stock reserved and shares of Class A common stock available for grant under the 2020 Stock Plan. There were more shares available for grant under the 2017 Plan since the 2017 Plan was replaced by the 2020 Plan. 
 
 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 In January 2021, the Board of Directors adopted the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ), which became effective immediately prior to the Closing Date. The total shares of Class A common stock initially reserved under the ESPP is limited to shares of Class A common stock. Beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on January 1, 2041 (unless extended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Company s shareholders), the number of authorized shares of common stock under the ESPP will automatically increase each fiscal year by the lesser of (i) of the total number of Class A and 
 86 

Table of Contents 

shares of Class A common stock, or (iii) a number of shares of Class A common stock determined by the Board of Directors. On January 1, 2022, shares of Class A common stock were automatically added to the ESPP reserve. Therefore, as of December 31, 2022, shares of Class A common stock have been reserved for issuance under the ESPP. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of Class A common stock under the ESPP. shares were issued under the ESPP during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under the ESPP. 
 
 Under the ESPP, eligible employees may purchase the Company s Class A common stock during pre-specified offering periods at a discount established by the Company s compensation committee. The purchase price is of the lower of the fair market value of the Company s Class A common stock on the first trading day of the offering period or the fair market value on the purchase date. Under the ESPP, the Company may specify offering periods with durations of not more than months, and may specify shorter purchase periods within each offering period. 
 
 Employees participating in the ESPP commence payroll withholdings that accumulate through the end of the respective offering period. As of December 31, 2022, million has been withheld via employee payroll deductions for employees who have opted to participate in the purchase period ending May 2023. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Options for new employees generally vest over , with vesting after the vesting commencement date and then 1/48th of the total grant vesting monthly thereafter. Options granted to current employees generally vest 1/48th of the total grant monthly over . Options granted are exercisable within a period not exceeding from the grant date. 
 
 On June 17, 2020, the board of directors of Hims granted and stock options to the CEO with an exercise price of to vest upon either (i) an acquisition of the Company with per share consideration equal to at least and , respectively, or (ii) a per share price on a public stock exchange that is at least equal to and , respectively. The CEO is required to be employed at the time the per share consideration/price is achieved in order to receive the awards, but the awards are not subject to any other service condition. The Company recognizes expense related to these awards based on the fair value and derived service period as measured using a Monte Carlo simulation model, and the expense is accelerated if the requirements outlined in (i) and (ii) above are achieved. The grant date fair value was million for these awards. The per share price threshold related to awards for the stock options was achieved in February 2021 subsequent to the Merger and, therefore, the Company recognized all million of expense related to the grant during the three months ended March 31, 2021 due to achievement of the market condition. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of remaining compensation expense to be recognized for the remaining stock options over a period of years. 
 
 On February 24, 2022, the Board of Directors granted stock options to the CEO with an exercise price of that vest in four equal tranches. On each anniversary date after February 24, 2022, of the shares subject to the options will vest provided that (i) the CEO is employed on the anniversary date and (ii) the closing price of the Company s Class A common stock is more than per share in of the trading days prior to the anniversary date. The award is not subject to any other service condition. Vesting is cumulative in subsequent years if the market condition was not previously met. The Company recognizes expense related to this award for each tranche individually based on the fair value and requisite service period, which is the greater of the derived service period and the explicit service period. The fair value and the derived service term of the market condition were both measured using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The total grant date fair value was million for this award. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of remaining compensation expense to be recognized over a period of years. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 
 Granted Exercised (including early exercised options vested during the period) ) Forfeited and expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and per share, respectively, and the intrinsic value of vested options exercised was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation related to unvested stock options (excluding the stock options granted to the CEO outlined above) which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

88 

Table of Contents 

RSUs 
 
 RSUs for new employees generally vest over , with vesting after the vesting commencement date on the first Company Quarterly Vesting Date (defined below) and the remaining grant vesting quarterly thereafter on the specified vesting dates of March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15 (each, a Company Quarterly Vesting Date or collectively, Company Quarterly Vesting Dates ). Additional RSUs granted to current employees generally vest quarterly on Company Quarterly Vesting Dates over . 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited and expired ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 Included in the above activity are earn-out RSUs and Parent Warrant RSUs issued to the CEO as part of the Merger that vest in accordance with the same market conditions as the CEO stock options, of which earn-out RSUs and Parent Warrant RSUs have vested as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company granted RSUs in 2020 and earn-out RSUs and Parent Warrant RSUs as part of the Merger in January 2021 to a non-executive officer that vest upon meeting certain revenue targets from the sale of specific products, of which RSUs, earn-out RSUs, and Parent Warrant RSUs have vested as of December 31, 2022. These grants are also included in the above activity. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized stock-based compensation related to unvested RSUs of million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were Class A common stock warrants outstanding and exercisable issued to nonemployees in connection with vendor service arrangements, with a weighted average exercise price of , a weighted average contractual term of years, and an aggregate intrinsic value of million. Upon the exercise of outstanding warrants, vendors also have the right to receive shares of Merger consideration, consisting of the holders allocation of earn-out consideration. As of December 31, 2022, all stock-based compensation expense related to vendor warrants and associated earn-out shares has been recognized. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Class A common stock warrants outstanding and exercisable issued in connection with a pre-Merger debt arrangement, with a weighted average exercise price of , a weighted average contractual term of years, and aggregate intrinsic value. These debt warrants were recorded in additional paid-in capital as a result of their conversion to equity-classified Class A common stock warrants in connection with the Merger. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 As part of the acquisitions of HHL and Apostrophe, the Company issued and shares of Class A common stock, respectively. In each acquisition, the Company also issued additional shares of Class A common stock that are subject to vesting. 
 
 Stock Subject to Vesting and Earn-out Share Liability 
 
 In June 2021, the Company granted restricted shares of Class A common stock subject to vesting with an aggregate grant date fair value of million in connection with the acquisition of HHL. As part of the acquisition of HHL, the Company also recognized an earn-out liability based on the achievement of certain revenue targets. A portion of the earn-out liability is expected to be settled in shares of Class A common stock. Vesting of the restricted shares and a portion of total earn-out payable to specific individuals are contingent on each recipient s continued employment. Accordingly, the Company has recognized stock-based compensation expense related to these awards for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The expense will be recognized over a vesting period with vesting after the acquisition date and the remaining vesting quarterly thereafter. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 In July 2021, the Company granted restricted shares of Class A common stock subject to vesting with an aggregate grant date fair value of million in connection with the acquisition of Apostrophe. Vesting of the restricted shares is contingent on each recipient s continued employment. Accordingly, the Company has recognized stock-based compensation expense related to these awards for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The expense will be recognized over a vesting period with vesting months after the acquisition date and the remaining vesting quarterly thereafter. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 
 Operations and support Technology and development General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 The Company capitalized million and million of stock-based compensation as internal-use software for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

15. 

90 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million, respectively, for payments made to an affiliated company of Atomic Labs for services performed and costs incurred on behalf of the Company. 
 
 In addition, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded million, million, and million, respectively, for payments made to Vouched, a related-party company that provides identity verification services. 

16. 
 
 dividends were declared or paid for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Undistributed earnings for each period are allocated to participating securities, including the redeemable convertible preferred stock, based on the contractual participation rights of the security to share in the current earnings as if all current period earnings had been distributed. As there is no contractual obligation for the redeemable convertible preferred stock to share in losses, the Company s basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding during periods with undistributed losses. ) ) ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 
 Basic net loss per share is the same as diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, because the inclusion of potential shares of common stock would have been anti-dilutive for the periods presented. There were redeemable shares during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, weighted average Hims Class A common shares presented excludes shares subject to redemption. Redeemable shares do not absorb losses. 

91 

Table of Contents 

RSUs Common stock issued subject to vesting Common stock issuable under the ESPP Warrants to purchase Class A common stock Common stock issued for early exercise of stock options Redeemable convertible preferred stock Common stock issued for exercise of stock options subject to nonrecourse promissory notes Warrants to purchase redeemable convertible preferred stock 

17. ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 
 State Foreign Total current provision Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred benefit ) ) Total (benefit) provision for income taxes ) ) 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) State taxes, net of federal benefits ) ) ) Transaction costs ) Stock-based compensation Warrants and earn-outs ) ) ) Non-deductible officers' compensation Change in valuation allowance Other, net ) Total ) ) 
 
 Accrued expenses and reserves Stock-based compensation Inventory Other intangibles Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Other deferred tax assets Total gross deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Other intangibles ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Other deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 The Company determines its valuation allowance on deferred tax assets by considering both positive and negative evidence to ascertain whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will be realized. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. Due to the Company's history of losses, the Company believes that it is not more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets can be realized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. The net deferred tax liability is primarily the result of acquired intangibles for which there is no tax basis. The valuation allowance increased by million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2021, the Company recorded a one-time benefit of approximately million due to the release of the valuation allowance as a result of the Apostrophe acquisition. 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million in federal, state, and foreign loss carryforwards (not tax effected), respectively, of which million, million, and million in federal, state, and foreign loss carryforwards do not expire. The remaining federal and state loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2036 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Internal Revenue Code Sections 382 and 383 place a limitation on the amount of taxable income that can be offset by carryforward tax attributes, such as net operating losses or tax credits, after a change in control. Generally, after a change in control, a loss corporation cannot deduct carryforward tax attributes in excess of the limitation prescribed by Sections 382 and 383. Therefore, certain of the Company s carryforward tax attributes may be subject to an annual limitation regarding their utilization against taxable income in future periods. As a result of issuances of different classes of preferred stock to investors in 2017, 2018, and 2019, the Company triggered ownership change(s) as defined in Section 382 and related provisions. The Company believes that some of its net operating losses may be limited by these ownership changes but that any limitation would not have a significant impact to the financial statements since there is no utilization of the net operating losses and a valuation allowance exists against the net operating losses. Subsequent ownership changes may subject the Company to annual limitations of its net operating losses. Such annual limitation could result in the expiration of the net operating loss and credit carryforwards before utilization. Use of certain losses incurred within the U.K. are also limited, but any limitation would not have a significant impact to the financial statements since a valuation allowance exists against the net operating losses. 
 
 The Company has incurred net operating losses since inception, and it does not have any significant unrecognized tax benefits. Any adjustments to the Company s uncertain tax positions would result in an adjustment of its net operating loss and valuation allowance rather than resulting in an impact to the effective tax rate. It is not expected that there will be any material change in the unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. 
 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S., U.K., and various state and local jurisdictions. Due to the net operating loss carryforward, the statute of limitations is open for 2017 and forward for all jurisdictions, none of which are currently under examination by any tax authorities. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls And Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, as required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 procedures. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, we evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO (2013 framework). 
 
 Based on its assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 PART III - Other Information 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information called for by this Item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The information required by this Item regarding delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K will be included under the caption Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Our Board has adopted a Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct applies to all of our employees, officers, and directors, as well as all of our contractors, consultants, suppliers, and agents in connection with their work for us. The full text of our Code of Conduct is posted on the investor relations page of our website at https://investors.forhims.com/governance. We intend to disclose future amendments to, or waivers of, our Code of Conduct, as and to the extent required by SEC regulations, at the same location on our website identified above or in public filings. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor ID: . 
 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

96 

Table of Contents 

 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not required or are not applicable or because the information required in those schedules either is not material or is included in the consolidated financial statements or the accompanying notes. 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 30, 2020, by and among Oaktree Acquisition Corp., Rx Merger Sub, Inc. and Hims, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38986), filed with the SEC on October 1, 2020). 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Hims Hers Health, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38986), filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 
 3.2 Bylaws of Hims Hers Health, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38986), filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 
 4.1 Certificate of Corporate Domestication of Oaktree Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38986), filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 
 4.2 Description of registered securities 
 10.1 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38986), filed with the SEC on October 1, 2020). 
 10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2021, by and among Hims Hers Health, Inc. and Oaktree Acquisition Holdings, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38986), filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 
 10.3 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and among Hims Hers Health, Inc. and the Hims Stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Oaktree Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38986), filed with the SEC on October 1, 2020). 
 10.4+ Hims Hers Health, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreement thereunder . 
 10.5+ Form of Hims Hers Health, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38986), filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 
 10.6+ Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Proxy Statement/Prospectus on Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on December 22, 2020). 
 10.7+ Form of Change in Control and Severance Agreement. 
 10.8+ Employment Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2020, by and between Hims and Andrew Dudum (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Proxy Statement/Prospectus on Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on December 22, 2020). 
 10.9+ Employment Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2021, by and between Hims, Inc. and Melissa Baird (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38986), filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 10.10+ Employment Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, by and between Hims, Inc. and Oluyemi Okupe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on Febr uary 24, 2 022) . 
 10.11 Share Exchange Agreement dated as of January 20, 2021, by and among Hims, Oaktree Acquisition Corp., Andrew Dudum and the Andrew Dudum 2015 Trust, Date July 2, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38986), filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 
 10.12+ Hims, Inc. 2017 Stock Plan and forms of agreement thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 0001-38986), filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021). 
 10.13+ Hims Hers Health, Inc. Incentive Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021 (File No. 0001-38986, filed with the SEC on August 11, 2021). 
 10.14 Warehouse Lease Agreement by and between COI New Albany Industrial 300, LLC, and Hims, Inc., dated January 27, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021 (File No. 001-38986), filed with the SEC on August 11, 2021). 
 21 List of Subsidiaries 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this Annual Report) 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith Furnished herewith Schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. + Denotes management compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 Hims Hers Health, Inc. By: /s/ Andrew Dudum Name: Andrew Dudum Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Andrew Dudum and Oluyemi Okupe and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Name Position Date /s/ Andrew Dudum Chief Executive Officer and Director February 27, 2023 
 Andrew Dudum (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Oluyemi Okupe Chief Financial Officer February 27, 2023 
 Oluyemi Okupe (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Irene Becklund Senior Vice President, Controller February 27, 2023 
 Irene Becklund (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Alex Bard Director February 27, 2023 
 Alex Bard /s/ Ambar Bhattacharyya Director February 27, 2023 
 Ambar Bhattacharyya /s/ Patrick H. Carroll, M.D. Chief Medical Officer and Director February 27, 2023 
 Patrick H. Carroll, M.D. /s/ Toby Cosgrove, M.D. Director February 27, 2023 
 Toby Cosgrove, M.D. /s/ Kirsten Green Director February 27, 2023 
 Kirsten Green /s/ Jules Maltz Director February 27, 2023 
 Jules Maltz /s/ Lynne Chou O Keefe Director February 27, 2023 
 Lynne Chou O Keefe 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ Christiane Pendarvis Director February 27, 2023 
 Christiane Pendarvis /s/ Andrea Perez Director February 27, 2023 
 Andrea Perez /s/ David Wells Director February 27, 2023 
 David Wells 

102 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 hims-20221231x10kxexhibit42.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 Authorized Capitalization 
 The total amount of our authorized capital stock consists of 2,750,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 shares of Class V common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 275,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 
 The following summary describes the material provisions of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to an investor in our securities. Defined terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Common Stock 
 Class A Common Stock 
 Voting rights . Each holder of Class A common stock is entitled to one (1) vote for each share of Class A common stock held of record by such holder on all matters voted upon by our stockholders, provided, however, that, except as otherwise required in the Certificate of Incorporation, as provided by law or by the resolution(s) or any certificate of designation providing for the issue of any preferred stock, the holders of Class A common stock will not be entitled to vote on any amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of preferred stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of preferred stock) or pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). 
 Dividend rights . Subject to the rights of holders of preferred stock, if any, holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class V common stock are entitled to receive ratably, on a per share basis, dividends and other distributions in cash, stock or property as may be declared and paid from time to time by our Board out of any of our assets legally available therefor provided that in the event a dividend is paid in the form of shares of Class A common stock or Class V common stock (or rights to acquire such shares), then the holders of Class A common stock will receive shares of Class A common stock (or rights to acquire such shares, as the case may be) and the holders of Class V common stock will receive shares of Class V common stock (or rights to acquire such shares, as the case may be), with the holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class V common stock receiving, on a per share basis, the same number of shares of Class A common stock or Class V common stock, as applicable. 
 Rights upon liquidation . Subject to the rights of holders of preferred stock, if any, holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class V common stock are entitled to receive ratably the assets and funds available for distribution in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, unless disparate or different treatment of the shares of each such class with respect to distributions upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up is approved in advance by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class V common stock, each voting separately as a class. 
 Other rights . No holder of shares of Class A common stock is entitled to preemptive or subscription rights contained in the Certificate of Incorporation or in the Bylaws. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our Class A common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our Class A common stock are subject to those of the holders of any shares of preferred stock that we may issue in the future. 
 Class V Common Stock 
 Issuance of Class V Common Stock. Shares of Class V common stock may be issued only to, and registered in the name of, Andrew Dudum, our Chief Executive Officer CEO and any entities wholly-owned (directly or indirectly) by our CEO, or any trust for the benefit of our CEO, or of which our CEO is a trustee or has sole or shared voting power such that our CEO has Voting Control (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) over the shares held therein provided that, in each case, our CEO has sole dispositive power and the exclusive right to direct the voting of all of the shares of our Class V common stock held by such entity and the transfer does not involve any payment of cash, securities, property or other consideration (other than an interest in such entity) to our CEO (collectively, Permitted Class V Owners ). 
 Voting rights . Each holder of Class V common stock is entitled to 175 votes for each share of Class V common stock held of record by such holder on all matters voted upon by our stockholders, provided, however, that, except as otherwise required in the Certificate of Incorporation, as provided by law or by the resolution(s) or any certificate of designation providing for the issue of any preferred stock, the holders of Class V common stock will not be entitled to vote on any amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation that relates solely to the terms of one or more 

outstanding series of our preferred stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of our preferred stock) or pursuant to the DGCL. 
 Dividend rights . Subject to the rights of holders of preferred stock, if any, holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class V common stock are entitled to receive ratably, on a per share basis, dividends and other distributions in cash, stock or property as may be declared and paid from time to time by our Board out of any of our assets legally available therefor provided that in the event a dividend is paid in the form of shares of our Class A common stock or Class V common stock (or rights to acquire such shares), then the holders of our Class A common stock will receive shares of Class A common stock (or rights to acquire such shares, as the case may be) and the holders of our Class V common stock will receive shares of Class V common stock (or rights to acquire such shares, as the case may be), with the holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class V common stock receiving, on a per share basis, the same number of shares of our Class A common stock or Class V common stock, as applicable. 
 Rights upon liquidation . Subject to the rights of holders of preferred stock, if any, holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class V common stock are entitled to receive ratably the assets and funds available for distribution in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up, whether voluntary or involuntary, unless disparate or different treatment of the shares of each such class with respect to distributions upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up is approved in advance by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class V common stock, each voting separately as a class. 
 Transfers . Pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, holders of Class V common stock are generally restricted from transferring such shares, other than to a Permitted Class V Owner or in connection with a divorce or domestic relations order or decree. 
 Mandatory Conversion . Each share of Class V common stock will be (1) automatically converted into an equal number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Class A common stock upon any Transfer (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) of such shares of Class V common stock, except for a Permitted Transfer (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) and (2) subject to conversion into an equal number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Class A common stock at the determination of our Board one year after the date (the Termination Anniversary Date that both of the following conditions apply (a) the earliest to occur of (i) our CEO s employment as such being terminated for cause or due to death or permanent disability and (ii) our CEO resigns (other than for good reason) as such and (b) either (i) our CEO no longer serves as a member of our Board or (ii) our CEO serves as a member of our Board, but his service to our Board is not his primary business occupation. In the event that our CEO is reinstated as such or is reelected or reappointed to serve as a member of our Board prior to the Termination Anniversary Date (each, a Reset Event ), then the shares of Class V common stock will not be converted pursuant to clause (2) unless and until the one-year anniversary of the date that both of the foregoing conditions are subsequently met provided that in the event of a subsequent Reset Event, the next Termination Anniversary Date will extend until the one-year anniversary of the date that both of the foregoing conditions are subsequently met without a Reset Event occurring prior to such anniversary. 
 Other rights . No holder of shares of Class V common stock is entitled to preemptive or subscription rights contained in the Certificate of Incorporation or in the Bylaws. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our Class V common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our Class V common stock are subject to those of the holders of any shares of our preferred stock that we may issue in the future. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our Board has the authority to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time on terms it may determine, to divide shares of preferred stock into one or more series and to fix the designations, preferences, privileges, and restrictions of preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms, and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of any series to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of decreasing the trading price of Class A common stock, restricting dividends on our capital stock, diluting the voting power of our Class A common stock and or Class V common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of our capital stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control. 
 Election of Directors and Vacancies 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the number of directors of our Board may be fixed solely and exclusively by resolution duly adopted from time to time by our Board. Under the Bylaws, at all meetings of stockholders called for the election of directors, a majority of the votes properly cast is sufficient to elect such directors to our Board. 
 Following the date on which shares of Class V common stock shall be converted into shares of Class A common stock in accordance with the sunset provision set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation, the directors on our 

Board shall become divided, with respect to the time for which they severally hold office, into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. 
 Except as the DGCL may otherwise require and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of preferred stock, in the interim between annual meetings of stockholders or special meetings of stockholders called for the election of directors and or the removal of one or more directors and the filling of any vacancy in that connection, newly created directorships and any vacancies on our Board, including unfilled vacancies resulting from the removal of directors, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. All directors will hold office until the expiration of their respective terms of office and until their successors will have been elected and qualified. A director elected or appointed to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a director or a newly created directorship will serve for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the new directorship was created or the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor will have been elected and qualified. 
 Subject to the rights, if any, of any series of preferred stock, any director may be removed from office only with cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of our outstanding voting stock entitled to vote at an election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, any director elected pursuant to the right, if any, of the holders of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances will serve for such term or terms and pursuant to such other provisions as specified in the relevant certificate of designations related to the preferred stock. 
 Quorum 
 The holders of a majority of the voting power of the capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person, present by means of remote communication in a manner, if any, authorized by our Board in its sole discretion, or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise required by law or provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws provided, however, that where a separate vote by a class or classes or series of capital stock is required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares of such class or classes or series of our capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote on such matter, present in person, present by means of remote communication in a manner, if any, authorized by our Board in its sole discretion, or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to the vote on such matter. If, however, such quorum will not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, (i) the chairperson of the meeting, or (ii) the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, will have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum will be present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum will be present or represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting will be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. 
 Anti-takeover Effects of the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws 
 The Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws contain provisions that may delay, defer or discourage another party from acquiring control of us. We expect that these provisions, which are summarized below, will discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with the board of directors, which we believe may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of our stockholders. However, they also give the board of directors the power to discourage acquisitions that some stockholders may favor. 
 Authorized but Unissued Capital Stock 
 Delaware law does not require stockholder approval for any issuance of authorized shares. However, the listing requirements of NYSE, which apply so long as our Class A common stock remains listed on NYSE, require stockholder approval of certain issuances equal to or exceeding 20 of the then outstanding voting power or then outstanding number of shares of our Class A common stock. Additional shares that may be issued in the future may be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings, to raise additional capital or to facilitate acquisitions. 
 One of the effects of the existence of unissued and unreserved common stock may be to enable our Board to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which issuance could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise and thereby protect the continuity of management and possibly deprive stockholders of opportunities to sell their shares of Class A common stock at prices higher than prevailing market prices. 
 Dual Class Stock 

As described above in Common Stock Class A Common Stock Voting Rights and Common Stock Class V Common Stock Voting Rights , our Certificate of Incorporation provides for a dual class common stock structure, which provides our CEO with the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even though he owns significantly less than a majority of the shares of outstanding Class A and Class V common stock, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of us or our assets. 
 Special Meeting, Action by Written Consent and Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals 
 Unless otherwise required by law, and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of preferred stock, special meetings of our stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called only by a majority of our Board, the Chairman of our Board or our CEO. Unless otherwise required by law, written notice of a special meeting of stockholders, stating the time, place and purpose or purposes thereof, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting, not less than ten (10) or more than sixty (60) days before the date fixed for the meeting. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders will be limited to the purposes stated in the notice. 
 The Bylaws also provide that unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of our Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of our Board or of such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of our Board or committee. 
 In addition, the Bylaws require advance notice procedures for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of the stockholders, including the nomination of directors. Stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider the proposals specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors, or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has delivered a timely written notice in proper form to our secretary, of the stockholder s intention to bring such business before the meeting. 
 These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next stockholder meeting any stockholder actions, even if they are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote on amendments to a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws is required to approve such amendment, unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, as the case may be, requires a greater percentage. The Certificate of Incorporation provides that the following provisions therein may be amended, altered, repealed or rescinded only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66-2 3 in voting power of all the then outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon and the affirmative vote of at least 66-2 3 of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class 
 the provisions prohibiting stockholder actions without a meeting, from and after the time that our CEO or his affiliates or permitted transferees beneficially own less than a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote at an annual or special meeting duly noticed and called in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation 
 the provisions regarding calling special meetings of stockholders 
 the provisions regarding removal of directors 
 the provisions regarding the limited liability and indemnification of our directors 
 the provisions regarding the selection of exclusive forum 
 the provisions regarding the waiver of corporate opportunity doctrine and 
 the provisions regarding the election not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL. 
 The Bylaws may be amended or repealed (A) by the affirmative vote of a majority of our Board or (B) without the approval of our Board, by the affirmative vote of the holders of 66-2 3 of our outstanding voting stock entitled to vote on such amendment or repeal, voting as a single class, provided that if our Board recommends that stockholders approve such amendment or repeal at such meeting of stockholders, then such amendment or repeal shall only require the affirmative vote of the majority in voting power of our stock entitled to vote on such amendment, alteration or repeal. 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 
 Section 203 of the DGCL provides that if a person acquires 15 or more of the voting stock of a Delaware corporation, such person becomes an interested stockholder and may not engage in certain business 

combinations with the corporation for a period of three years from the time such person acquired 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock, unless 
 (1) the board of directors approves the acquisition of stock or the merger transaction before the time that the person becomes an interested stockholder 
 (2) the interested stockholder owns at least 85 of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at the time the merger transaction commences (excluding voting stock owned by directors who are also officers and certain employee stock plans) or 
 (3) the merger transaction is approved by the board of directors and at a meeting of stockholders, not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. A Delaware corporation may elect in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws not to be governed by this particular Delaware law. 
 Under the Certificate of Incorporation, we opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL and therefore are not subject to Section 203. However, the Certificate of Incorporation contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 
 prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares or 
 at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with that person s affiliates and associates, owns, or within the previous three years owned, 15 or more of our voting stock. 
 Under certain circumstances, this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring our company to negotiate in advance with our board of directors because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if our board of directors approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our board of directors and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 The Certificate of Incorporation provides that any person whose ownership of shares in excess of the 15 limitation set forth therein is the result of any action taken solely by us (provided, that such person shall be an interested stockholder if such thereafter such person acquires additional shares of voting stock, except as a result of further corporate actions not caused by such person) does not constitute an interested stockholder for purposes of this provision. 
 Classified Board and Stockholder Action by Written Consent 
 For so long as the shares of Class V common stock held by our CEO and his affiliates and permitted transferees continue to remain outstanding, the Certificate of Incorporation provides that our Board will not be classified into three classes of directors. Following the date on which all shares of Class V common stock sunset and convert into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, our Board will be classified into three classes of directors, each of which will hold office for a three-year term. A third party may be discouraged from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us at a time when there is a classified board as it is more difficult and time consuming for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors on a classified board of directors. 
 Under the Certificate of Incorporation, our stockholders are permitted to take action by written consent in lieu of a meeting for so long as our CEO and his affiliates and permitted transferees beneficially own a majority of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of our capital stock. After the ownership of our CEO and his affiliates and permitted transferees fall below this threshold, stockholders will be required to take action at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders. Once in effect, this provision may have the effect of delaying or preventing hostile stockholder action designed to effect a change in control. 
 Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

The Certificate of Incorporation limits the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, and the Bylaws provide that we will indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by such law. We have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our Board. Under the terms of such indemnification agreements, we are required to indemnify each of our directors, officers and other employees party to such an agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware, if the basis of the indemnitee s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of ours or any of our subsidiaries or was serving at our request in an official capacity for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all reasonable fees, expenses, charges, judgments, fines, amounts paid in settlement and other costs of any type or nature whatsoever, including any and all expenses and obligations paid or incurred in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in, participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness or participate in any completed, actual, pending or threatened action, suit, claim or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under the indemnification agreement. The indemnification agreements also require us, if so requested, to advance within 30 days (or 10 days in any action brought by the indemnitee for indemnification under the indemnification agreement) of such request all reasonable fees, expenses, charges and other costs that such director, officer or other employee party to such an agreement incurred, provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors, officers or other employees may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 Exclusive Jurisdiction of Certain Actions 
 The Certificate of Incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against current or former directors, officers, employees and agents for breach of fiduciary duty, actions asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws and actions asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and any stockholder will be deemed to have consented to such provision. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 
 In addition, the Certificate of Incorporation requires that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any action asserting a claim arising under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Article XII of the Certificate of Incorporation will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. 
 Transfer Agent 
 The transfer agent for our Class A common stock is Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. 
 Listing of Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol HIMS . 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.4>
 3
 hims-20221231x10kxex104.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

Hims & Hers Health, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (As Adopted and approved by the Stockholders) 

Hims & Hers Health, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 ARTICLE 1. INTRODUCTION . 
 The Board adopted the Plan to become effective immediately prior to the Closing (as defined in the Merger Agreement). The purpose of the Plan is to promote the long-term success of the Company and the creation of stockholder value by (a) encouraging Service Providers to focus on critical long-range corporate objectives, (b) encouraging the attraction and retention of Service Providers with exceptional qualifications and (c) linking Service Providers directly to stockholder interests through increased stock ownership. The Plan seeks to achieve this purpose by providing for Awards in the form of Options (which may be ISOs or NSOs), SARs, Restricted Shares and Restricted Stock Units. Capitalized terms used in this Plan are defined in Article 14. 
 ARTICLE 2. ADMINISTRATION . 
 2.1 General 
 . The Plan may be administered by the Board or one or more Committees to which the Board (or an authorized Board committee) has delegated authority. If administration is delegated to a Committee, the Committee shall have the powers theretofore possessed by the Board, including, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the power to delegate to a subcommittee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to either the Board or the Administrator shall hereafter also encompass the Committee or subcommittee, as applicable). The Board may abolish the Committee s delegation at any time and the Board shall at all times also retain the authority it has delegated to the Committee. The Administrator shall comply with rules and regulations applicable to it, including under the rules of any exchange on which the Common Shares are traded, and shall have the authority and be responsible for such functions as have been assigned to it. 
 2.2 Section 16 . To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Exchange Act Rule 16b-3, the transactions contemplated hereunder will be approved by the entire Board or a Committee of two or more non-employee directors within the meaning of Exchange Act Rule 16b-3. 
 2.3 Powers of Administrator . Subject to the terms of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated to the Committee, the Administrator shall have the authority to (a) select the Service Providers who are to receive Awards under the Plan, (b) determine the type, number, vesting requirements and other features and conditions of such Awards, (c) interpret the Plan and Awards granted under the Plan, (d) make, amend and rescind rules relating to the Plan and Awards granted under the Plan, including rules relating to sub-plans established for the purposes of satisfying applicable foreign laws or for qualifying for favorable tax treatment under applicable foreign laws, (e) impose such restrictions, conditions or limitations as it determines appropriate as to the timing and manner of any resales by a Participant of any Common Shares issued pursuant to an Award, including restrictions under an insider trading policy and restrictions as to the use of a specified brokerage firm for such resales, and (f) make all other decisions relating to the operation of the Plan and Awards granted under the Plan. In addition, with regard to the terms and conditions of Awards granted to Service Providers outside of the United States or not subject to taxation under the laws of the United States, the Administrator may vary from the provisions of the Plan to the extent it determines it necessary and appropriate to do so, including, where applicable, varying from the requirements set forth in Articles 5.3 and 6.3. 
 2.4 Effect of Administrator s Decisions . The Administrator s decisions, determinations and interpretations shall be final and binding on all interested parties. 
 2.5 Governing Law . The Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware (except its choice-of-law provisions). 
 GDSVF 5375158.2 

ARTICLE 3. SHARES AVAILABLE FOR GRANTS . 
 3.1 Basic Limitation . Common Shares issued pursuant to the Plan may be authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. The aggregate number of Common Shares issued under the Plan shall not exceed the sum of (a) 21,000,000 Common Shares, plus (b) up to 19,000,000 Common Shares subject to awards granted under the Predecessor Plan that are outstanding on the Business Combination Date and that subsequently are forfeited, expire or lapse unexercised or unsettled and Common Shares issued pursuant to awards granted under the Predecessor Plan that are outstanding on the Business Combination Date and that are subsequently forfeited to or reacquired by the Company, and (c) the additional Common Shares described in Articles 3.2 and 3.3. The number of Common Shares that are subject to Awards outstanding at any time under the Plan may not exceed the number of Common Shares that then remain available for issuance under the Plan. The numerical limitations in this Article 3.1 shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 9. 
 3.2 Annual Increase in Shares . On the first day of each fiscal year of the Company during the term of the Plan, commencing on January 1, 2022 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2031, the aggregate number of Common Shares that may be issued under the Plan shall automatically increase by a number equal to (a) 5 of the sum of (i) the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class V Common Stock actually issued and outstanding on the last day of the preceding fiscal year or (b) a lesser number of Common Shares (including zero) determined by the Board. 
 3.3 Shares Returned to Reserve . To the extent that Options, SARs, Restricted Stock Units or other Awards are forfeited, cancelled or expire for any reason before being exercised or settled in full, the Common Shares subject to such Awards shall again become available for issuance under the Plan. If SARs are exercised or Restricted Stock Units are settled, then only the number of Common Shares (if any) actually issued to the Participant upon exercise of such SARs or settlement of such Restricted Stock Units, as applicable, shall reduce the number of Common Shares available under Article 3.1 and the balance shall again become available for issuance under the Plan. If Restricted Shares or Common Shares issued upon the exercise of Options are reacquired by the Company pursuant to a forfeiture provision, repurchase right or for any other reason, then such Common Shares shall again become available for issuance under the Plan. Common Shares applied to pay the Exercise Price of Options or to satisfy tax withholding obligations related to any Award shall again become available for issuance under the Plan (but such shares shall not again become available for issuance as ISOs). To the extent that an Award is settled in cash rather than Common Shares, the cash settlement shall not reduce the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. 
 3.4 Awards Not Reducing Share Reserve . To the extent permitted under applicable exchange listing standards, any dividend equivalents paid or credited under the Plan with respect to Restricted Stock Units shall not be applied against the number of Common Shares that may be issued under the Plan, whether or not such dividend equivalents are converted into Restricted Stock Units. In addition, Common Shares subject to Substitute Awards granted by the Company shall not reduce the number of Common Shares that may be issued under Article 3.1, nor shall shares subject to Substitute Awards again be available for Awards under the Plan in the event of any forfeiture, expiration or cash settlement of such Substitute Awards. 
 3.5 Code Section 422 and Other Limits. Subject to adjustment in accordance with Article 9 
 (a) The grant date fair value of Awards granted to an Outside Director during any one fiscal year of the Company may not exceed 1,000,000 (on a per-Director basis) provided however that the limitation that will apply in the fiscal year in which the Outside Director is initially appointed or elected to the Board shall instead be 2,000,000. For purposes of this limitation, grant date fair value of an Award shall be determined in accordance with the assumptions that the Company uses to estimate the value of share-based payments for financial reporting purposes. For the sake of clarity, neither (i) Awards granted to an individual while they were an Employee or Consultant, but not an Outside Director, nor (ii) Awards granted pursuant to an Outside Director s election to receive Awards in lieu of cash retainers or other fees shall count towards this limitation. 

(b) No more than 200,000,000 Common Shares (subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 9) may be issued under the Plan upon the exercise of ISOs. 
 ARTICLE 4. ELIGIBILITY . 
 4.1 Incentive Stock Options . Only Employees who are common-law employees of the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary shall be eligible for the grant of ISOs. In addition, an Employee who owns more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of outstanding stock of the Company or any of its Parents or Subsidiaries shall not be eligible for the grant of an ISO unless the additional requirements set forth in Code Section 422(c)(5) are satisfied. 
 4.2 Other Awards . Awards other than ISOs may be granted to both Employees and other Service Providers. 
 ARTICLE 5. OPTIONS . 
 5.1 Stock Option Agreement . Each grant of an Option under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Stock Option Agreement between the Optionee and the Company. Such Option shall be subject to all applicable terms of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with the Plan. The Stock Option Agreement shall specify whether the Option is intended to be an ISO or an NSO. The provisions of the various Stock Option Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. 
 5.2 Number of Shares . Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the number of Common Shares subject to the Option, which number shall adjust in accordance with Article 9. 
 5.3 Exercise Price . Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the Exercise Price, which shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of a Common Share on the date of grant. The preceding sentence shall not apply to an Option that is a Substitute Award granted in a manner that would satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A and, if applicable, Code Section 424(a). 
 5.4 Exercisability and Term . Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the date or event when all or any installment of the Option is to become vested and or exercisable. The vesting and exercisability conditions applicable to the Option may include service-based conditions, performance-based conditions, such other conditions as the Administrator may determine, or any combination of such conditions. The Stock Option Agreement shall also specify the term of the Option provided that, except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable foreign law, the term of an Option shall in no event exceed 10 years from the date of grant. A Stock Option Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting and or exercisability upon certain specified events and may provide for expiration prior to the end of its term in the event of the termination of the Optionee s service. 
 5.5 Death of Optionee . After an Optionee s death, any vested and exercisable Options held by such Optionee may be exercised by his or her beneficiary or beneficiaries. Each Optionee may designate one or more beneficiaries for this purpose by filing the prescribed form with the Company. A beneficiary designation may be changed by filing the prescribed form with the Company at any time before the Optionee s death. If no beneficiary was designated or if no designated beneficiary survives the Optionee, then any vested and exercisable Options held by the Optionee may be exercised by his or her estate. 
 5.6 Modification or Assumption of Options . Within the limitations of the Plan, the Administrator may modify, reprice, extend or assume outstanding options or may accept the cancellation of outstanding options (whether granted by the Company or by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Options for the same or a different number of shares and at the same or a different exercise price or in return for the grant of a different type of Award. The foregoing notwithstanding, no modification of an Option shall, without the consent of the Optionee, materially impair his or her rights or obligations under such Option. 
 5.7 Buyout Provisions . The Administrator may at any time (a) offer to buy out for a payment in cash or cash equivalents an Option previously granted or (b) authorize an Optionee to elect to 

cash out an Option previously granted, in either case at such time and based upon such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall establish. 
 5.8 Payment for Option Shares . The entire Exercise Price of Common Shares issued upon exercise of Options shall be payable in cash or cash equivalents at the time when such Common Shares are purchased. In addition, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion and to the extent permitted by applicable law, accept payment of all or a portion of the Exercise Price through any one or a combination of the following forms or methods 
 (a) Subject to any conditions or limitations established by the Administrator, by surrendering, or attesting to the ownership of, Common Shares that are already owned by the Optionee with a value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Common Shares as to which such Option will be exercised 
 (b) By delivering (on a form prescribed by the Company) an irrevocable direction to a securities broker approved by the Company to sell all or part of the Common Shares being purchased under the Plan and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to the Company 
 (c) Subject to such conditions and requirements as the Administrator may impose from time to time, through a net exercise procedure or 
 (d) Through any other form or method consistent with applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
 ARTICLE 6. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS . 
 6.1 SAR Agreement . Each grant of a SAR under the Plan shall be evidenced by a SAR Agreement between the Optionee and the Company. Such SAR shall be subject to all applicable terms of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with the Plan. The provisions of the various SAR Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. 
 6.2 Number of Shares . Each SAR Agreement shall specify the number of Common Shares to which the SAR pertains, which number shall adjust in accordance with Article 9. 
 6.3 Exercise Price . Each SAR Agreement shall specify the Exercise Price, which shall in no event be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of a Common Share on the date of grant. The preceding sentence shall not apply to a SAR that is a Substitute Award granted in a manner that would satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A. 
 6.4 Exercisability and Term . Each SAR Agreement shall specify the date when all or any installment of the SAR is to become vested and exercisable. The vesting and exercisability conditions applicable to the SAR may include service-based conditions, performance-based conditions, such other conditions as the Administrator may determine, or any combination thereof. The SAR Agreement shall also specify the term of the SAR provided that except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable foreign law, the term of a SAR shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant. A SAR Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting and exercisability upon certain specified events and may provide for expiration prior to the end of its term in the event of the termination of the Optionee s service. 
 6.5 Exercise of SARs . Upon exercise of a SAR, the Optionee (or any person having the right to exercise the SAR after his or her death) shall receive from the Company (a) Common Shares, (b) cash or (c) a combination of Common Shares and cash, as the Administrator shall determine. The amount of cash and or the Fair Market Value of Common Shares received upon exercise of SARs shall, in the aggregate, not exceed the amount by which the Fair Market Value (on the date of surrender) of the Common Shares subject to the SARs exceeds the Exercise Price. If, on the date when a SAR expires, the Exercise Price is less than the Fair Market Value on such date but any portion of such SAR has not been exercised or surrendered, then such SAR shall automatically be deemed to be exercised as of such date with respect to such portion. A SAR Agreement may also provide for an automatic exercise of the SAR on an earlier date. 

6.6 Death of Optionee . After an Optionee s death, any vested and exercisable SARs held by such Optionee may be exercised by his or her beneficiary or beneficiaries. Each Optionee may designate one or more beneficiaries for this purpose by filing the prescribed form with the Company. A beneficiary designation may be changed by filing the prescribed form with the Company at any time before the Optionee s death. If no beneficiary was designated or if no designated beneficiary survives the Optionee, then any vested and exercisable SARs held by the Optionee at the time of his or her death may be exercised by his or her estate. 
 6.7 Modification or Assumption of SARs . Within the limitations of the Plan, the Administrator may modify, reprice, extend or assume outstanding stock appreciation rights or may accept the cancellation of outstanding stock appreciation rights (whether granted by the Company or by another issuer) in return for the grant of new SARs for the same or a different number of shares and at the same or a different exercise price or in return for the grant of a different type of Award. The foregoing notwithstanding, no modification of a SAR shall, without the consent of the Optionee, materially impair his or her rights or obligations under such SAR. 
 ARTICLE 7. RESTRICTED SHARES . 
 7.1 Restricted Stock Agreement . Each grant of Restricted Shares under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Agreement between the recipient and the Company. Such Restricted Shares shall be subject to all applicable terms of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with the Plan. The provisions of the various Restricted Stock Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. 
 7.2 Payment for Awards . Restricted Shares may be sold or awarded under the Plan for such consideration as the Administrator may determine, including (without limitation) cash, cash equivalents, property, cancellation of other equity awards, promissory notes, past services and future services, and such other methods of payment as are permitted by applicable law. 
 7.3 Vesting Conditions . Each Award of Restricted Shares may or may not be subject to vesting and or other conditions as the Administrator may determine. Vesting shall occur, in full or in installments, upon satisfaction of the conditions specified in the Restricted Stock Agreement. Vesting conditions may include service-based conditions, performance-based conditions, such other conditions as the Administrator may determine, or any combination thereof. A Restricted Stock Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting upon certain specified events. 
 7.4 Voting and Dividend Rights . The holders of Restricted Shares awarded under the Plan shall have the same voting, dividend and other rights as the Company s other stockholders, unless the Administrator otherwise provides. A Restricted Stock Agreement, however, may require that any cash dividends paid on Restricted Shares (a) be accumulated and paid when such Restricted Shares vest, or (b) be invested in additional Restricted Shares. Such additional Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the shares subject to the Award with respect to which the dividends were paid. In addition, unless the Administrator provides otherwise, if any dividends or other distributions are paid in Common Shares, such Common Shares shall be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Restricted Shares with respect to which they were paid. 
 7.5 Modification or Assumption of Restricted Shares . Within the limitations of the Plan, the Administrator may modify or assume outstanding Restricted Shares or may accept the cancellation of outstanding restricted shares (whether granted by the Company or by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Restricted Shares for the same or a different number of shares or in return for the grant of a different type of Award. The foregoing notwithstanding, no modification of Restricted Shares shall, without the consent of the Participant, materially impair his or her rights or obligations under such Restricted Shares. 
 ARTICLE 8. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . 
 8.1 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement . Each grant of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the recipient and the Company. Such Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to all applicable terms of the Plan and may be subject to any other 

terms that are not inconsistent with the Plan. The provisions of the various Restricted Stock Unit Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. 
 8.2 Payment for Awards . To the extent that an Award is granted in the form of Restricted Stock Units, no cash consideration shall be required of the Award recipients. 
 8.3 Vesting Conditions . Each Award of Restricted Stock Units may or may not be subject to vesting, as determined by the Administrator. Vesting shall occur, in full or in installments, upon satisfaction of the conditions specified in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Vesting conditions may include service-based conditions, performance-based conditions, such other conditions as the Administrator may determine, or any combination thereof. A Restricted Stock Unit Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting upon certain specified events. 
 8.4 Voting and Dividend Rights . The holders of Restricted Stock Units shall have no voting rights. Prior to settlement or forfeiture, Restricted Stock Units awarded under the Plan may, at the Administrator s discretion, provide for a right to dividend equivalents. Such right entitles the holder to be credited with an amount equal to all cash dividends paid on one Common Share while the Restricted Stock Unit is outstanding. Dividend equivalents may be converted into additional Restricted Stock Units. Settlement of dividend equivalents may be made in the form of cash, in the form of Common Shares, or in a combination of both. Prior to distribution, any dividend equivalents shall be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach. 
 8.5 Form and Time of Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . Settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units may be made in the form of (a) cash, (b) Common Shares or (c) any combination of both, as determined by the Administrator. The actual number of Restricted Stock Units eligible for settlement may be larger or smaller than the number included in the original Award, based on predetermined performance factors. Methods of converting Restricted Stock Units into cash may include (without limitation) a method based on the average value of Common Shares over a series of trading days. Vested Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in such manner and at such time(s) as specified in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Until an Award of Restricted Stock Units is settled, the number of such Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 9. 
 8.6 Death of Recipient . Any Restricted Stock Units that become payable after the recipient s death shall be distributed to the recipient s beneficiary or beneficiaries. Each recipient of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan may designate one or more beneficiaries for this purpose by filing the prescribed form with the Company. A beneficiary designation may be changed by filing the prescribed form with the Company at any time before the Award recipient s death. If no beneficiary was designated or if no designated beneficiary survives the Award recipient, then any Restricted Stock Units that become payable after the recipient s death shall be distributed to the recipient s estate. 
 8.7 Modification or Assumption of Restricted Stock Units . Within the limitations of the Plan, the Administrator may modify or assume outstanding restricted stock units or may accept the cancellation of outstanding restricted stock units (whether granted by the Company or by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Restricted Stock Units for the same or a different number of shares or in return for the grant of a different type of Award. The foregoing notwithstanding, no modification of a Restricted Stock Unit shall, without the consent of the Participant, materially impair his or her rights or obligations under such Restricted Stock Unit. 
 8.8 Creditors Rights . A holder of Restricted Stock Units shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 ARTICLE 9. ADJUSTMENTS DISSOLUTIONS AND LIQUIDATIONS CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS . 
 9.1 Adjustments . In the event of a subdivision of the outstanding Common Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in Common Shares, a combination or consolidation of the outstanding Common Shares (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of Common Shares or any other 

increase or decrease in the number of issued Common Shares effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, proportionate adjustments shall be made to the following 
 (a) The number and kind of shares available for issuance under Article 3, including the numerical share limits in Articles 3.1, 3.2 and 3.5 
 (b) The number and kind of shares covered by each outstanding Option, SAR and Restricted Stock Unit and or 
 (c) The Exercise Price applicable to each outstanding Option and SAR, and the repurchase price, if any, applicable to Restricted Shares. 
 In the event of a declaration of an extraordinary dividend payable in a form other than Common Shares in an amount that has a material effect on the price of Common Shares, a recapitalization, a spin-off or a similar occurrence, the Administrator may make such adjustments as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate to the foregoing. Any adjustment in the number of shares subject to an Award under this Article 9.1 shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share, although the Administrator in its sole discretion may make a cash payment in lieu of a fractional share. Except as provided in this Article 9, a Participant shall have no rights by reason of any issuance by the Company of stock of any class or securities convertible into stock of any class, any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, the payment of any stock dividend or any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class. 
 9.2 Dissolution or Liquidation . To the extent not previously exercised or settled, Options, SARs and Restricted Stock Units shall terminate immediately prior to the dissolution or liquidation of the Company. 
 9.3 Corporate Transactions . In the event that the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, or a Change in Control (other than one described in Article 14.6(d)), all Common Shares acquired under the Plan and all Awards outstanding on the effective date of the transaction shall be treated in the manner described in the definitive transaction agreement (or, in the event the transaction does not entail a definitive agreement to which the Company is party, in the manner determined by the Administrator, with such determination having final and binding effect on all parties), which agreement or determination need not treat all Awards (or portions thereof) in an identical manner. Unless an Award Agreement provides otherwise, the treatment specified in the transaction agreement or by the Administrator may include (without limitation) one or more of the following with respect to each outstanding Award 
 (a) The continuation of such outstanding Award by the Company (if the Company is the surviving entity) 
 (b) The assumption of such outstanding Award by the surviving entity or its parent, provided that the assumption of an Option or a SAR shall comply with applicable tax requirements 
 (c) The substitution by the surviving entity or its parent of an equivalent award for such outstanding Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the holders of Common Shares in the transaction), provided that the substitution of an Option or a SAR shall comply with applicable tax requirements 
 (d) In the case of an Option or SAR, the cancellation of such Award without payment of any consideration. An Optionee shall be able to exercise his or her outstanding Option or SAR, to the extent such Option or SAR is then vested or becomes vested as of the effective time of the transaction, during a period of not less than five full business days preceding the closing date of the transaction, unless (i) a shorter period is required to permit a timely closing of the transaction and (ii) such shorter period still offers the Optionee a reasonable opportunity to exercise such Option or SAR. Any exercise of such Option or SAR during such period may be contingent on the closing of the transaction 

(e) The cancellation of such Award and a payment to the Participant with respect to each share subject to the portion of the Award that is vested or becomes vested as of the effective time of the transaction equal to the excess of (A) the value, as determined by the Administrator in its absolute discretion, of the property (including cash) received by the holder of a Common Share as a result of the transaction, over (if applicable) (B) the per-share Exercise Price of such Award (such excess, if any, the Spread ). Such payment shall be made in the form of cash, cash equivalents, or securities of the surviving entity or its parent having a value equal to the Spread. In addition, any escrow, holdback, earn-out or similar provisions in the transaction agreement may apply to such payment to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions apply to the holders of Common Shares. If the Spread applicable to an Award (whether or not vested) is zero or a negative number, then the Award may be cancelled without making a payment to the Participant. In the event that an Award is subject to Code Section 409A, the payment described in this clause (e) shall be made on the settlement date specified in the applicable Award Agreement, provided that settlement may be accelerated in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(j)(4) or 
 (f) The assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of an Award of Restricted Shares to the surviving entity or its parent, with corresponding proportionate adjustments made to the price per share to be paid upon exercise of any such reacquisition or repurchase rights. 
 Unless an Award Agreement provides otherwise, each outstanding Award held by a Participant who remains a Service Provider as of the effective time of a merger, consolidation or Change in Control (other than one described in Article 14.7(d)) (a Current Participant shall become fully vested and, if applicable, exercisable immediately prior to the effective time of the transaction and, in the case of an Award subject to performance-based vesting conditions, such performance-based vesting conditions shall be deemed achieved at 100 of target levels. However, the prior sentence shall not apply, and an outstanding Award shall not become vested and, if applicable, exercisable, if and to the extent the Award is continued, assumed or substituted as provided for in clauses (a), (b) or (c) above. In addition, the prior two sentences shall not apply to an Award held by a Participant who is not a Current Participant, unless an Award Agreement provides otherwise or unless the Company and the acquirer agree otherwise. 
 For avoidance of doubt, the Administrator shall have the discretion, exercisable either at the time an Award is granted or at any time while the Award remains outstanding, to provide for the acceleration of vesting upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, whether or not the Award is to be assumed or replaced in the transaction, or in connection with a termination of the Participant s service following a transaction. 
 Any action taken under this Article 9.3 shall either preserve an Award s status as exempt from Code Section 409A or comply with Code Section 409A. 
 ARTICLE 10. OTHER AWARDS . 
 Subject in all events to the limitations under Article 3 above as to the number of Common Shares available for issuance under this Plan, the Company may grant other forms of Awards not specifically described herein and may grant awards under other plans or programs, where such awards are settled in the form of Common Shares issued under this Plan. Such Common Shares shall be treated for all purposes under the Plan like Common Shares issued in settlement of Restricted Stock Units and shall, when issued, reduce the number of Common Shares available under Article 3. 
 ARTICLE 11. LIMITATION ON RIGHTS . 
 11.1 Retention Rights . Neither the Plan nor any Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give any individual a right to remain a Service Provider. The Company and its Parents, Subsidiaries and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate the service of any Service Provider at any time, with or without cause, subject to applicable laws, the Company s certificate of incorporation and by-laws and a written employment agreement (if any). 

11.2 Stockholders Rights . Except as set forth in Article 7.4 or 8.4 above, a Participant shall have no dividend rights, voting rights or other rights as a stockholder with respect to any Common Shares covered by his or her Award prior to the time when a stock certificate for such Common Shares is issued or, if applicable, the time when they become entitled to receive such Common Shares by filing any required notice of exercise and paying any required Exercise Price. No adjustment shall be made for cash dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to such time, except as expressly provided in the Plan. 
 11.3 Regulatory Requirements . Any other provision of the Plan notwithstanding, the obligation of the Company to issue Common Shares under the Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and such approval by any regulatory body as may be required. The Company reserves the right to restrict, in whole or in part, the delivery of Common Shares pursuant to any Award prior to the satisfaction of all legal requirements relating to the issuance of such Common Shares, to their registration, qualification or listing or to an exemption from registration, qualification or listing. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed necessary by the Company s counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Common Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Common Shares as to which such requisite authority will not have been obtained. 
 11.4 Transferability of Awards. The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, permit transfer of an Award in a manner consistent with applicable law (including, other than an ISO, to a family member as such term is defined in the General Instructions to Form S-8 (whether by gift or a domestic relations order)). Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, Awards shall be transferable by a Participant only by (a) beneficiary designation, (b) a will or (c) the laws of descent and distribution provided that, in any event, an ISO may only be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of the Optionee only by the Optionee or by the Optionee s guardian or legal representative. Any transferee shall be bound by and subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Award Agreement relating to the transferred Award and shall execute an agreement satisfactory to the Company evidencing such obligations. 
 11.5 Recoupment Policy . All Awards granted under the Plan, all amounts paid under the Plan and all Common Shares issued under the Plan shall be subject to recoupment, clawback or recovery by the Company in accordance with applicable law and with Company policy (whenever adopted) regarding same, whether or not such policy is intended to satisfy the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or other applicable law, as well as any implementing regulations and or listing standards thereunder. 
 11.6 Other Conditions and Restrictions on Common Shares . Any Common Shares issued under the Plan shall be subject to such forfeiture conditions, rights of repurchase, rights of first refusal, other transfer restrictions and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator may determine. Such conditions and restrictions shall be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement and shall apply in addition to any restrictions that may apply to holders of Common Shares generally. In addition, Common Shares issued under the Plan shall be subject to such conditions and restrictions imposed either by applicable law or by Company policy, as adopted from time to time, designed to ensure compliance with applicable law or laws with which the Company determines in its sole discretion to comply including in order to maintain any statutory, regulatory or tax advantage. 
 ARTICLE 12. TAXES . 
 12.1 General . It is a condition to each Award under the Plan that a Participant or his or her successor shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any federal, state, local or foreign withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with any Award granted under the Plan. The Company shall not be required to issue any Common Shares or make any cash payment under the Plan unless such obligations are satisfied. 
 12.2 Share Withholding . To the extent that applicable law subjects a Participant to tax withholding obligations, the Administrator may permit such Participant to satisfy all or part of such obligations by having the Company withhold all or a portion of any Common Shares that otherwise would be issued to him or her or by surrendering all or a portion of any Common Shares that they previously acquired. Such Common Shares shall be valued on the date when they are withheld or surrendered. Any 

payment of taxes by assigning Common Shares to the Company may be subject to restrictions including any restrictions required by the SEC, accounting or other rules. 
 12.3 Section 409A Matters . Except as otherwise expressly set forth in an Award Agreement, it is intended that Awards granted under the Plan either be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Code Section 409A. To the extent an Award is subject to Code Section 409A (a 409A Award ), the terms of the Plan, the Award and any written agreement governing the Award shall be interpreted to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A so that the Award is not subject to additional tax or interest under Code Section 409A, unless the Administrator expressly provides otherwise. A 409A Award shall be subject to such additional rules and requirements as specified by the Administrator from time to time in order for it to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A. In this regard, if any amount under a 409A Award is payable upon a separation from service to an individual who is considered a specified employee (as each term is defined under Code Section 409A), then no such payment shall be made prior to the date that is the earlier of (i) six months and one day after the Participant s separation from service or (ii) the Participant s death, but only to the extent such delay is necessary for such payment to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A(a)(1). 
 12.4 Limitation on Liability . Neither the Company nor any person serving as Administrator shall have any liability to a Participant in the event an Award held by the Participant fails to achieve its intended characterization under applicable tax law. 
 ARTICLE 13. FUTURE OF THE PLAN . 
 13.1 Term of the Plan . The Plan, as set forth herein, shall become effective on the date of its adoption by the Board, subject to approval of the Company s stockholders under Article 13.3 below. The Plan shall terminate automatically 10 years after the date when the Board adopted the Plan. 
 13.2 Amendment or Termination . The Board may, at any time and for any reason, amend or terminate the Plan. No Awards shall be granted under the Plan after the termination thereof. The termination of the Plan, or any amendment thereof, shall not affect any Award previously granted under the Plan. 
 13.3 Stockholder Approval . To the extent required by applicable law, the Plan will be subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders within 12 months of its adoption date. An amendment of the Plan shall be subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders only to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations or rules. 
 ARTICLE 14. DEFINITIONS . 
 14.1 Administrator means the Board or any Committee administering the Plan in accordance with Article 2. 
 14.2 Affiliate means any entity other than a Subsidiary, if the Company and or one or more Subsidiaries own not less than 50 of such entity. 
 14.1 Award means any award granted under the Plan, including as an Option, a SAR, a Restricted Share award, a Restricted Stock Unit award or another form of equity-based compensation award. 
 14.2 Award Agreement means a Stock Option Agreement, a SAR Agreement, a Restricted Stock Agreement, a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or such other agreement evidencing an Award granted under the Plan. 
 14.3 Board means the Company s Board of Directors, as constituted from time to time and, where the context so requires, reference to the Board may refer to a Committee to whom the Board has delegated authority to administer any aspect of this Plan. 
 14.4 Business Combination Date means the date of the closing of the merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

14.5 Change in Control means 
 (a) Any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the Company s then-outstanding voting securities 
 (b) The consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets 
 (c) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any other entity, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation or 
 (d) Individuals who are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board over a period of 12 months provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member shall, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 
 A transaction shall not constitute a Change in Control if its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company s incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. In addition, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award which provides for a deferral of compensation and is subject to Code Section 409A, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or applicable Award Agreement the transaction with respect to such Award must also constitute a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) to the extent required by Code Section 409A. 
 14.8 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 14.9 Committee means a committee of one or more members of the Board, or of other individuals satisfying applicable laws, appointed by the Board to administer the Plan. 
 14.10 Common Share means one share of the Company s Class A Common Stock. 
 14.11 Company means Hims & Hers Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 14.12 Consultant means a consultant or adviser who provides bona fide services to the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate as an independent contractor and who qualifies as a consultant or advisor under Instruction A.1.(a)(1) of Form S-8 under the Securities Act. 
 14.13 Employee means a common-law employee of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. 
 14.14 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 14.15 Exercise Price , in the case of an Option, means the amount for which one Common Share may be purchased upon exercise of such Option, as specified in the applicable Stock Option Agreement. Exercise Price, in the case of a SAR, means an amount, as specified in the applicable SAR Agreement, which is subtracted from the Fair Market Value of one Common Share in determining the amount payable upon exercise of such SAR. 
 14.16 Fair Market Value means the closing price of a Common Share on any established stock exchange or a national market system on the applicable date or, if the applicable date is not a 

trading day, on the last trading day prior to the applicable date, as reported in a source that the Administrator deems reliable. If Common Shares are not traded on an established stock exchange or a national market system, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Administrator in good faith on such basis as it deems appropriate. The Administrator s determination shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the determination of Fair Market Value in all cases shall be in accordance with the requirements set forth under Section 409A of the Code to the extent necessary for an Award to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Code. 
 14.17 ISO means an incentive stock option described in Code Section 422(b). 
 14.18 Merger Agreement means that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and between Oaktree Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (which shall domesticate as a Delaware corporation in accordance therewith, Oaktree ), Rx Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Oaktree, and Hims, Inc. 
 14.19 NSO means a stock option not described in Code Sections 422 or 423. 
 14.20 Option means an ISO or NSO granted under the Plan and entitling the holder to purchase Common Shares. 
 14.21 Optionee means an individual or estate holding an Option or SAR. 
 14.22 Outside Director means a member of the Board who is not an Employee. 
 14.23 Parent means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing 50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation that attains the status of a Parent on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Parent commencing as of such date. 
 14.24 Participant means an individual or estate holding an Award. 
 14.25 Plan means this Hims & Hers Health, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 14.26 Predecessor Plan means the Company s 2017 Stock Plan. 
 14.27 Restricted Share means a Common Share awarded under the Plan. 
 14.28 Restricted Stock Agreement means the agreement consistent with the terms of the Plan between the Company and the recipient of a Restricted Share that contains the terms, conditions and restrictions pertaining to such Restricted Share. 
 14.29 Restricted Stock Unit means a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent of one Common Share, as awarded under the Plan. 
 14.30 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement means the agreement consistent with the terms of the Plan between the Company and the recipient of a Restricted Stock Unit that contains the terms, conditions and restrictions pertaining to such Restricted Stock Unit. 
 14.31 SAR means a stock appreciation right granted under the Plan. 
 14.32 SAR Agreement means the agreement consistent with the terms of the Plan between the Company and an Optionee that contains the terms, conditions and restrictions pertaining to his or her SAR. 
 14.33 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

14.34 Service Provider means any individual who is an Employee, Outside Director or Consultant, including any prospective Employee, Outside Director or Consultant who has accepted an offer of employment or service and will be an Employee, Outside Director or Consultant after the commencement of their service. 
 14.35 Stock Option Agreement means the agreement consistent with the terms of the Plan between the Company and an Optionee that contains the terms, conditions and restrictions pertaining to his or her Option. 
 14.36 Subsidiary means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation that attains the status of a Subsidiary on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Subsidiary commencing as of such date. 
 14.37 Substitute Awards means Awards or Common Shares issued by the Company in assumption of, or substitution or exchange for, awards previously granted, or the right or obligation to make future awards, in each case by a corporation acquired by the Company or any Affiliate or with which the Company or any Affiliate combines to the extent permitted by the applicable exchange listing requirements. 

HIMS & HERS HEALTH, INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 
 
 You have been granted Restricted Stock Units RSUs ), each representing the right to receive one share of common stock of Hims & Hers Health, Inc. (the Company on the following terms 
 Name of Recipient Name Total Number of RSUs Granted TotalRSUs Date of Grant DateGrant Vesting Schedule The first CliffPercent of the RSUs subject to this award will vest on InitialVestDate and an additional IncrementPercent of the RSUs subject to this award will vest on each Company Vesting Date thereafter, provided that you remain in continuous service as an Employee or Consultant Outside Director Service through each such date. The Company Vesting Dates are March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15. 
 You and the Company agree that these RSUs are granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (including, if applicable, the Appendix for Non-U.S. Participants), both of which are attached to, and made a part of, this document. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Plan. 
 The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to RSUs awarded under the Plan, future RSUs that may be awarded under the Plan and all documents that the Company is required to deliver to security holders (including annual reports and proxy statements) by email or other electronic means (including posting them on a website maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company). You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. You acknowledge that you may incur costs in connection with any such delivery by means of electronic transmission, including the cost of accessing the Internet and printing fees, and that an interruption of Internet access may interfere with your ability to access the documents. 
 You further agree to comply with the Company s Insider Trading Policy , as in effect from time to time, when selling shares of the Company s common stock. 

HIMS & HERS HEALTH, INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 
 Grant of RSUs 
 Subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Grant Notice ), this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement and the Plan, the Company has granted to you the number of RSUs set forth in the Grant Notice. 
 All capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in this Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan. 
 Nature of RSUs 
 Your RSUs are bookkeeping entries. They represent only the Company s unfunded and unsecured promise to issue shares of common stock on a future date. As a holder of RSUs, you have no rights other than the rights of a general creditor of the Company. 
 Payment for RSUs 
 No payment is required for the RSUs that you are receiving. 
 Vesting 
 The RSUs vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. 
 In no event will any additional RSUs vest after your Service has terminated for any reason unless expressly provided in a written agreement between you and the Company. 
 The Company determines whether and when your Service terminates for all purposes of your RSUs. 
 Termination of Service Forfeiture 
 If your Service terminates for any reason, then your RSUs will be forfeited to the extent that they have not vested before the termination date and do not vest as a result of the termination of your Service. This means that any RSUs that have not vested under this Agreement will be canceled immediately. You will receive no payment for RSUs that are forfeited. 
 Leaves of Absence and Part-Time Work 
 For purposes of this award, your Service does not terminate when you go on a military leave, a sick leave or another bona fide leave of absence, if the leave was approved by the Company in writing. However, your Service terminates when the approved leave ends, unless you immediately return to active work. 
 If you go on a leave of absence that lasts more than 30 days, then, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the vesting schedule specified in the Grant Notice may be suspended on the 31st day of such leave, and any unvested portion of this award maynot vest during the remainder of such leave. If vesting is suspended in connection with a leave of absence, such vesting will resume when you return to active Service. 
 If you commence working on a part-time basis, the Company may adjust the vesting schedule so that the rate of vesting is commensurate with your reduced work schedule. 
 Settlement of RSUs 
 Each RSU will be settled as soon as practicable on or following the date when it vests, but in any event within the short term deferral period as defined under Section 409A of the Code. In no event will you be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of settlement of any RSUs subject to this award. 
 At the time of settlement, you will receive one share of the Company s common stock for each vested RSU. 
 No fractional shares will be issued upon settlement. 

Section 409A 
 Settlement of these restricted stock units is intended to be exempt from the application of Code Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and shall be administered and interpreted in a manner that complies with such exception. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined that settlement of these RSUs is not exempt from Code Section 409A and the Company determines that you are a specified employee, as defined in the regulations under Code Section 409A at the time of your separation from service, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), then this paragraph will apply. If this paragraph applies, and the event triggering settlement is your separation from service, then any RSUs that otherwise would have been settled during the first six months following your separation from service will instead be settled on the first business day following the earlier of (i) the six-month anniversary of your separation from service or (ii) your death. 
 Each tranche of RSUs that is settled after vesting is hereby designated as a separate payment for purposes of Code Section 409A. 
 No Voting Rights or Dividends 
 Your RSUs carry neither voting rights nor rights to cash dividends. You have no rights as a stockholder of the Company unless and until your RSUs are settled by issuing shares of the Company s common stock. 
 RSUs Nontransferable 
 You may not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise dispose of any RSUs. For instance, you may not use your RSUs as security for a loan. 
 In addition, regardless of any marital property settlement agreement, the Company is not obligated to recognize your former spouse s interest in your RSUs in any way. 
 Beneficiary Designation 
 You may dispose of your RSUs in a written beneficiary designation if authorized by the Company and to the extent such beneficiary designation is valid under applicable law. Any beneficiary designation must be filed with the Company on the proper form. It will be recognized only if it has been received at the Company s headquarters before your death. If you file no beneficiary designation or if none of your designated beneficiaries survives you, then your estate will receive any vested RSUs that you hold at the time of your death. 

Withholding Taxes 
 Regardless of any action the Company (or, if applicable, the Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate employing or retaining you (the Employer )) takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company and or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the RSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the RSUs, the issuance of shares upon vesting of the RSUs, the subsequent sale of shares acquired pursuant to such vesting and the receipt of any dividends and or any dividend equivalents and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the RSUs or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 No shares will be distributed to you unless you have made arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer for the payment of any Tax-Related Items that the Company and or the Employer determine must be withheld. In this regard, you authorize the Company, at its sole discretion, to satisfy your Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following 
 Withholding the amount of any Tax-Related Items from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and or the Employer 
 Instructing a brokerage firm selected by the Company for this purpose to sell on your behalf a number of whole shares of Company stock to be issued to you when the RSUs are settled that the Company determines are appropriate to generate cash proceeds sufficient to satisfy the Tax-Related Items. You acknowledge that the Company or its designee is under no obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price. Regardless of whether the Company arranges for such sale, you will be responsible for all fees and other costs of sale, and you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any losses, costs, damages or expenses relating to any such sale 
 Withholding shares of Company stock that would otherwise be issued to you when the RSUs are settled equal in value to the Tax-Related Items. The fair market value of the withheld shares, determined as of the date when taxes otherwise would have been withheld in cash, will be applied to the Tax-Related Items or 
 Any other means approved by the Company. 
 You agree to pay to the Company in cash any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company does not elect to satisfy by the means described above. To the extent you fail to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required withholding taxes, you will permanently forfeit the applicable RSUs. 

Restrictions on Issuance 
 The Company will not issue any shares to you if the issuance of shares at that time would violate any law or regulation. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exemption from registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the shares of Company common stock, the Company shall not be required to issue any shares to you prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the shares under any local, state or federal securities law or under rulings or regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or of any other governmental body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state or federal governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. You understand that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Company s shares with the SEC or any state securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the shares. 
 Restrictions on Resale 
 You agree not to sell any shares at a time when applicable laws, Company policies or an agreement between the Company and its underwriters prohibit a sale. This restriction will apply as long as your Service continues and for such period of time after the termination of your Service as the Company may specify. 
 No Retention Rights 
 Your award or this Agreement does not give you the right to be retained by the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary, or an Affiliate in any capacity. The Company and its Parents, Subsidiaries, and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause. 
 Adjustments 
 In the event of a stock split, a stock dividend or a similar change in Company stock, the number of your RSUs will be adjusted pursuant to the Plan. 
 Effect of Significant Corporate Transactions 
 If the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, or certain change in control transactions, then your RSUs will be subject to the applicable provisions of Article 9 of the Plan, provided that any action taken must either (a) preserve the exemption of your RSUs from Code Section 409A or (b) comply with Code Section 409A. 
 Recoupment Policy 
 This award, and the shares acquired upon settlement of this award, shall be subject to any Company recoupment or clawback policy in effect from time to time. 
 Applicable Law 
 This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced under the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its choice-of-law provisions). 
 The Plan and Other Agreements 
 The text of the Plan is incorporated in this Agreement by reference. 
 The Plan, this Agreement (including, if applicable, any Appendix for Non-U.S. Participants) and the Grant Notice constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding this award. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning this award are superseded. This Agreement may be amended only by another written agreement between the parties. 
 
 BY ACCEPTING THIS RSU AWARD, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN. 

HIMS & HERS HEALTH, INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 
 You have been granted the following option to purchase shares of the common stock of Hims & Hers Health, Inc. (the Company 
 Name of Optionee Name Total Number of Shares TotalShares Type of Option (U.S. Tax Status) Nonstatutory Stock Option Exercise Price per Share US PricePerShare Date of Grant DateGrant Vesting Commencement Date VestDay Vesting Schedule This option shall vest and become exercisable with respect to the first CliffPercent of the shares subject to this option when you complete CliffPeriod months of continuous service as an Employee or Consultant Outside Director Service after the Vesting Commencement Date. This option shall vest and become exercisable with respect to an additional IncrementalPercent of the shares subject to this option when you complete each additional month of continuous Service thereafter. Expiration Date ExpDate . This option expires earlier if your Service terminates earlier, as described in the Stock Option Agreement, and may terminate earlier in connection with certain corporate transactions as described in Article 9 of the Plan. 
 You and the Company agree that this option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement (including, if applicable, the Appendix for Non-U.S. Participants), both of which are attached to, and made a part of, this document. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Plan. 
 The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to options awarded under the Plan, future options that may be awarded under the Plan and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to security holders (including annual reports and proxy statements) by email or other electronic means (including by posting them on a website maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company). You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. You acknowledge that you may incur costs in connection with any such delivery by means of electronic transmission, including the cost of accessing the Internet and printing fees, and that an interruption of Internet access may interfere with your ability to access the documents. 
 You further agree to comply with the Company s Insider Trading Policy , as in effect from time to time, when selling shares of the Company s common stock. 

HIMS & HERS HEALTH, INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 Grant of Option 
 Subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Grant Notice ), this Stock Option Agreement (the Agreement and the Plan, the Company has granted you an option to purchase up to the total number of shares specified in the Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in the Grant Notice. 
 All capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in this Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan. 
 U.S. Tax Treatment 
 This option is intended to be an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code or a nonstatutory stock option, as provided in the Notice of Stock Option Grant. However, even if this option is designated as an incentive stock option in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, it shall be deemed to be a nonstatutory stock option to the extent it does not qualify as an incentive stock option under federal tax law, including under the 100,000 annual limitation under Section 422(d) of the Code. 
 Vesting 
 This option vests and becomes exercisable in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. 
 In no event will this option vest or become exercisable for additional shares after your Service has terminated for any reason unless expressly provided in a written agreement between you and the Company. 
 Term of Option 
 This option expires in any event at the close of business at Company headquarters on the day before the 10th anniversary of the Date of Grant, as shown in the Grant Notice. (This option will expire earlier if your Service terminates earlier, as described below, and this option may be terminated earlier as provided in Article 9 of the Plan.) 
 Termination of Service 
 If your Service terminates for any reason, this option will expire to the extent it is unvested as of your termination date and does not vest as a result of your termination of Service. The Company determines whether and when your Service terminates for all purposes of this option. 
 Regular Termination 
 If your Service terminates for any reason except death or total and permanent disability, then this option, to the extent vested as of your termination date, will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date three months after your termination date. 
 Death 
 If your Service terminates as a result of your death, then this option, to the extent vested as of the date of your death, will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date twelve months after the date of death. 
 Disability 
 If your Service terminates because of your total and permanent disability, then this option, to the extent vested as of your termination date, will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date six months after your termination date. 
 For all purposes under this Agreement, total and permanent disability means that you are unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted, or can be expected to last, for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 

Leaves of Absence and Part-Time Work 
 For purposes of this option, your Service does not terminate when you go on a military leave, a sick leave or another bona fide leave of absence, if the leave was approved by the Company in writing. However, your Service terminates when the approved leave ends, unless you immediately return to active work. 
 If you go on a leave of absence that lasts more than 30 days, then, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the vesting schedule specified in the Grant Notice may be suspended on the 31st day of such leave, and any unvested shares covered by this option may not vest or become exercisable during the remainder of such leave. If vesting is suspended in connection with a leave of absence, such vesting will resume when you return to active Service. 
 If you commence working on a part-time basis, the Company may adjust the vesting schedule so that the rate of vesting is commensurate with your reduced work schedule. 
 Even if this option is designated as an incentive stock option in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, it ceases to qualify for favorable tax treatment as such to the extent that it is exercised (i) more than three months after the date when you cease to be an Employee for any reason other than death or permanent and total disability (as defined in Code Section 22(e)(3)) (ii) more than 12 months after the date when you cease to be an Employee by reason of permanent and total disability (as defined in Code Section 22(e)(3)) or (iii) more than three months after the date when you have been on a leave of absence for three months, unless your reemployment rights following such leave were guaranteed by statute or by contract. 
 Restrictions on Exercise Compliance with Law 
 The Company will not permit you to exercise this option if the issuance of shares at that time would violate any law or regulation. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exemption from registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Company s shares, the Company shall not be required to permit the exercise of this option and or delivery of Company shares prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the shares under any local, state or federal securities law or under rulings or regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or of any other governmental body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state or federal governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. You understand that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Company s shares with the SEC or any state securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the shares. 
 Notice of Exercise 
 When you wish to exercise this option, you must notify the Company by filing the proper Notice of Exercise form at the address given on the form or, if the Company has designated a third party to administer the Plan, you must notify such third party in the manner such third party requires. Your notice must specify how many shares you wish to purchase. The notice will be effective when the Company receives it. 
 However, if you wish to exercise this option by executing a same-day sale (as described below), you must follow the instructions of the Company and the broker who will execute the sale. 
 If someone else wants to exercise this option after your death, that person must prove to the Company s satisfaction that he or she is entitled to do so. 
 You may only exercise your option for whole shares. 

Form of Payment 
 When you submit your notice of exercise, you must make arrangements for the payment of the option exercise price for the shares that you are purchasing. To the extent permitted by applicable law, payment may be made in one (or a combination of two or more) of the following forms 
 By delivering to the Company your personal check, a cashier s check or a money order, or arranging for a wire transfer or 
 By giving to a securities broker approved by the Company irrevocable directions to sell all or part of your option shares and to deliver to the Company, from the sale proceeds, an amount sufficient to pay the option exercise price and any Tax-Related Items (as defined below). (The balance of the sale proceeds, if any, will be delivered to you.) The directions must be given in accordance with the instructions of the Company and the broker. This exercise method is sometimes called a same-day sale. 
 The Company may permit other forms of payment in its discretion to the extent permitted by the Plan. 
 Withholding Taxes 
 Regardless of any action the Company (or, if applicable, the Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate employing or retaining you (the Employer )) takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company and or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the options, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the option, the issuance of shares upon exercise of the option, the subsequent sale of shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends and or any dividend equivalents and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the option or any aspect of the option to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 You will not be allowed to exercise this option unless you make arrangements acceptable to the Company and or the Employer to pay any Tax-Related Items that the Company and or the Employer determine must be withheld. These arrangements include payment in cash or via the same-day sale procedure described above. With the Company s consent, these arrangements may also include (a) withholding shares of Company stock that otherwise would be issued to you when you exercise this option with a value equal to withholding taxes, (b) surrendering shares that you previously acquired with a value equal to the withholding taxes, or (c) withholding cash from other compensation. The value of withheld or surrendered shares, determined as of the date when taxes otherwise would have been withheld in cash, will be applied to the Tax-Related Items. 
 Restrictions on Resale 
 You agree not to sell any option shares at a time when applicable laws, Company policies or an agreement between the Company and its underwriters prohibit a sale. This restriction will apply as long as your Service continues and for such period of time after the termination of your Service as the Company may specify. 

Transfer of Option 
 Prior to your death, only you may exercise this option. You cannot transfer or assign this option. For instance, you may not sell this option or use it as security for a loan. If you attempt to do any of these things, this option will immediately become invalid. You may, however, dispose of this option in your will or by means of a written beneficiary designation (if authorized by the Company and to the extent such beneficiary designation is valid under applicable law) which must be filed with the Company on the proper form provided, however, that your beneficiary or a representative of your estate acknowledges and agrees in writing in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan as if such beneficiary 
 or representative of the estate were you. 
 Regardless of any marital property settlement agreement, the Company is not obligated to honor a notice of exercise from your former spouse, nor is the Company obligated to recognize your former spouse s interest in your option in any other way. 
 No Retention Rights 
 Your option or this Agreement does not give you the right to be retained by the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary, or an Affiliate in any capacity. The Company and its Parents, Subsidiaries, and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause. 
 Stockholder Rights 
 You, or your estate or heirs, have no rights as a stockholder of the Company until you have exercised this option by giving the required notice to the Company, paying the exercise price, and satisfying any applicable Tax-Related Items. No adjustments are made for dividends or other rights if the applicable record date occurs before you exercise this option, except as described in the Plan. 
 Recoupment Policy 
 This option, and the shares acquired upon exercise of this option, shall be subject to any Company recoupment or clawback policy in effect from time to time. 
 Adjustments 
 In the event of a stock split, a stock dividend or a similar change in Company common stock, the number of shares covered by this option and the exercise price per share will be adjusted pursuant to the Plan. 
 Effect of Significant Corporate Transactions 
 If the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, or certain change in control transactions, then this option will be subject to the applicable provisions of Article 9 of the Plan. 
 Applicable Law 
 This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced under the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its choice-of-law provisions). 
 The Plan and Other Agreements 
 The text of the Plan is incorporated in this Agreement by reference. 
 This Plan, this Agreement (including, if applicable, the Appendix for Non-U.S. Participants) and the Grant Notice constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding this option. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning this option are superseded. This Agreement may be amended only by another written agreement between the parties. 
 
 BY ACCEPTING THIS OPTION GRANT, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN. 

HIMS & HERS HEALTH, INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 NOTICE OF PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 
 
 You have been granted Performance Restricted Stock Units PRSUs ), each representing the right to receive one share of common stock of Hims & Hers Health, Inc. (the Company on the following terms 
 Name of Recipient 
 Name 
 Total Target Number of PRSUs Granted 
 TotalPRSUs Target Award 
 Maximum Number of PRSUs 
 MaxPRSUs Maximum Award 
 Date of Grant 
 DateGrant 
 Vesting Conditions 
 This PRSU is subject to both a service-based vesting condition (the Service Condition and a performance-based vesting condition (the Performance Condition ). Both conditions must be satisfied to vest in any portion of this award. 
 The Service Condition will be satisfied if you remain continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant through the Determination Date provided that additional terms applicable to the Service Condition are set forth on Attachment 1. 
 The Performance Condition will be satisfied, effective on the Determination Date, if and to the extent that the Company achieves the results described on Attachment 1 and the Board or its Compensation Committee certify such results. 
 Determination Date 
 The date following the end of the Company s fiscal year 2025 on which the Board or its Compensation Committee determines whether and the extent to which the Performance Condition has been achieved. 
 Settlement Date 
 To the extent the award becomes vested on the Determination Date, the Shares subject thereto will be settled on the first Company Vesting Date following the Determination Date. The Company Vesting Dates are March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15. 

You and the Company agree that these PRSUs are granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (including, if applicable, the Appendix for Non-U.S. Participants), both of which are attached to, and made a part of, this document. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Plan. 
 The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to PRSUs awarded under the Plan, future PRSUs that may be awarded under the Plan and all documents that the Company is required to deliver to security holders (including annual reports and proxy statements) by email or other electronic means (including posting them on a website maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company). You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. You acknowledge that you may incur costs in connection with any such delivery by means of electronic transmission, including the cost of accessing 

the Internet and printing fees, and that an interruption of Internet access may interfere with your ability to access the documents. 
 You further agree to comply with the Company s Insider Trading Policy , as in effect from time to time, when selling shares of the Company s common stock. 

HIMS & HERS HEALTH, INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Grant of PRSUs 
 Subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Grant Notice ), this Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement and the Plan, the Company has granted to you the number of PRSUs set forth in the Grant Notice. 
 All capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in this Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan. 
 Nature of PRSUs 
 Your PRSUs are bookkeeping entries. They represent only the Company s unfunded and unsecured promise to issue shares of common stock on a future date. As a holder of PRSUs, you have no rights other than the rights of a general creditor of the Company. 
 Payment for PRSUs 
 No payment is required for the PRSUs that you are receiving. 
 Vesting 
 The PRSUs vest in accordance with the vesting schedule and conditions set forth in the Grant Notice. 
 In no event will any additional PRSUs vest after your Service has terminated for any reason unless expressly provided in a written agreement between you and the Company. 
 The Company determines whether and when your Service terminates for all purposes of your PRSUs. 
 Termination of Service Forfeiture 
 If your Service terminates for any reason, then your PRSUs will be forfeited to the extent that they have not vested before the termination date and do not vest as a result of the termination of your Service. This means that any PRSUs that have not vested under this Agreement will be canceled immediately. You will receive no payment for PRSUs that are forfeited. 
 Leaves of Absence and Part-Time Work 
 For purposes of this award, your Service does not terminate when you go on a military leave, a sick leave or another bona fide leave of absence, if the leave was approved by the Company in writing. However, your Service terminates when the approved leave ends, unless you immediately return to active work. 
 If you go on a leave of absence that lasts more than 30 days, then, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the vesting schedule specified in the Grant Notice may be suspended on the 31st day of such leave, and any unvested portion of this award maynot vest during the remainder of such leave. If vesting is suspended in connection with a leave of absence, such vesting will resume when you return to active Service. 
 If you commence working on a part-time basis, the Company may adjust the vesting schedule so that the rate of vesting is commensurate with your reduced work schedule. 
 Settlement of PRSUs 
 Each PRSU will be settled as soon as practicable on or following the date when it vests, but in any event within the short term deferral period as defined under Section 409A of the Code. In no event will you be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of settlement of any PRSUs subject to this award. 
 At the time of settlement, you will receive one share of the Company s common stock for each vested PRSU. 
 No fractional shares will be issued upon settlement. 

Section 409A 
 Settlement of these restricted stock units is intended to be exempt from the application of Code Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and shall be administered and interpreted in a manner that complies with such exception. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined that settlement of these PRSUs is not exempt from Code Section 409A and the Company determines that you are a specified employee, as defined in the regulations under Code Section 409A at the time of your separation from service, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), then this paragraph will apply. If this paragraph applies, and the event triggering settlement is your separation from service, then any PRSUs that otherwise would have been settled during the first six months following your separation from service will instead be settled on the first business day following the earlier of (i) the six-month anniversary of your separation from service or (ii) your death. 
 Each tranche of PRSUs that is settled after vesting is hereby designated as a separate payment for purposes of Code Section 409A. 
 No Voting Rights or Dividends 
 Your PRSUs carry neither voting rights nor rights to cash dividends. You have no rights as a stockholder of the Company unless and until your PRSUs are settled by issuing shares of the Company s common stock. 
 PRSUs Nontransferable 
 You may not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise dispose of any PRSUs. For instance, you may not use your PRSUs as security for a loan. 
 In addition, regardless of any marital property settlement agreement, the Company is not obligated to recognize your former spouse s interest in your PRSUs in any way. 
 Beneficiary Designation 
 You may dispose of your PRSUs in a written beneficiary designation if authorized by the Company and to the extent such beneficiary designation is valid under applicable law. Any beneficiary designation must be filed with the Company on the proper form. It will be recognized only if it has been received at the Company s headquarters before your death. If you file no beneficiary designation or if none of your designated beneficiaries survives you, then your estate will receive any vested PRSUs that you hold at the time of your death. 

Withholding Taxes 
 Regardless of any action the Company (or, if applicable, the Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate employing or retaining you (the Employer )) takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company and or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the PRSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the PRSUs, the issuance of shares upon vesting of the PRSUs, the subsequent sale of shares acquired pursuant to such vesting and the receipt of any dividends and or any dividend equivalents and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the PRSUs or any aspect of the PRSUs to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 No shares will be distributed to you unless you have made arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer for the payment of any Tax-Related Items that the Company and or the Employer determine must be withheld. In this regard, you authorize the Company, at its sole discretion, to satisfy your Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following 
 Withholding the amount of any Tax-Related Items from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and or the Employer 
 Instructing a brokerage firm selected by the Company for this purpose to sell on your behalf a number of whole shares of Company stock to be issued to you when the PRSUs are settled that the Company determines are appropriate to generate cash proceeds sufficient to satisfy the Tax-Related Items. You acknowledge that the Company or its designee is under no obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price. Regardless of whether the Company arranges for such sale, you will be responsible for all fees and other costs of sale, and you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any losses, costs, damages or expenses relating to any such sale 
 Withholding shares of Company stock that would otherwise be issued to you when the PRSUs are settled equal in value to the Tax-Related Items. The fair market value of the withheld shares, determined as of the date when taxes otherwise would have been withheld in cash, will be applied to the Tax-Related Items or 
 Any other means approved by the Company. 
 You agree to pay to the Company in cash any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company does not elect to satisfy by the means described above. To the extent you fail to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required withholding taxes, you will permanently forfeit the applicable PRSUs. 

Restrictions on Issuance 
 The Company will not issue any shares to you if the issuance of shares at that time would violate any law or regulation. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exemption from registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the shares of Company common stock, the Company shall not be required to issue any shares to you prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the shares under any local, state or federal securities law or under rulings or regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or of any other governmental body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state or federal governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. You understand that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Company s shares with the SEC or any state securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the shares. 
 Restrictions on Resale 
 You agree not to sell any shares at a time when applicable laws, Company policies or an agreement between the Company and its underwriters prohibit a sale. This restriction will apply as long as your Service continues and for such period of time after the termination of your Service as the Company may specify. 
 No Retention Rights 
 Your award or this Agreement does not give you the right to be retained by the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary, or an Affiliate in any capacity. The Company and its Parents, Subsidiaries, and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause. 
 Adjustments 
 In the event of a stock split, a stock dividend or a similar change in Company stock, the number of your PRSUs will be adjusted pursuant to the Plan. 
 Effect of Significant Corporate Transactions 
 If the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, or certain change in control transactions, then your PRSUs will be subject to the applicable provisions of Article 9 of the Plan, provided that any action taken must either (a) preserve the exemption of your PRSUs from Code Section 409A or (b) comply with Code Section 409A. 
 Recoupment Policy 
 This award, and the shares acquired upon settlement of this award, shall be subject to any Company recoupment or clawback policy in effect from time to time. 
 Applicable Law 
 This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced under the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its choice-of-law provisions). 
 The Plan and Other Agreements 
 The text of the Plan is incorporated in this Agreement by reference. 
 The Plan, this Agreement (including, if applicable, any Appendix for Non-U.S. Participants) and the Grant Notice constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding this award. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning this award are superseded. This Agreement may be amended only by another written agreement between the parties. 
 
 BY ACCEPTING THIS PRSU AWARD, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN. 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.7>
 4
 hims-20221231x10kxex107.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 

HIMS, INC. 
 FORM OF CHANGE IN CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 This Change in Control Severance Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into by and between NAME OF EMPLOYEE OR DIRECTOR (the Executive and Hims, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), effective as of the date specified in Section 1 below. 
 This Agreement provides severance and acceleration benefits in connection with certain qualifying terminations of Executive s employment with the Company. Upon its effectiveness, this Agreement shall supersede any existing severance and acceleration provisions set forth in Executive s offer letter, employment agreement or equity award agreement or similar agreement or understanding. 
 Certain capitalized terms are defined in Section 8. 
 The Company and Executive agree as follows 
 
 1. Term . This Agreement shall become effective as of DATE (the Effective Date ). 
 
 2. Severance Benefits . 
 (a) Severance Period . For purposes of this Agreement, the Severance Period shall be a period of 9 months 1 following Executive s Separation. 
 (b) Involuntary Termination Not Involving a Change in Control . If Executive is subject to an Involuntary Termination which occurs other than during the Change in Control Period (as defined below), and Executive satisfies the conditions described in Section 2(d) below, then Executive shall be entitled to the following severance benefits (i) continued payment of an amount equal to Executive s monthly Base Salary during the Severance Period (ii) continued payment of the employer s monthly portion of health insurance premiums under COBRA (assuming Executive properly and timely elects to continue health insurance coverage under COBRA) for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents until the earliest of (1) the end of the Severance Period, (2) the expiration of Executive s continuation coverage under COBRA or (3) the date when Executive becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment (iii) continued payment of an amount equal to 1 12 th of Executive s annual target bonus (assuming achievement at 100 of goals) each month during the Severance Period and (iv) unless the Company provides otherwise when an equity award is granted, accelerated vesting (and, if applicable, exercisability) as if Executive had completed additional months of continuous service equal to the Severance Period provided, however , that in the case of equity awards subject to performance conditions, such equity awards will become vested (and, if applicable, exercisable) if and only if the applicable performance conditions are satisfied during the Severance Period. For avoidance of doubt, if Executive is subject to an Involuntary Termination pursuant to this Subsection (b), the portion of Executive s then-outstanding and unvested (and, if applicable, unexercisable) equity awards subject to performance-based vesting that is eligible to vest (and become exercisable) pursuant to clause (iii) will remain outstanding during the Severance Period, so that any additional benefits due pursuant to clause (iii) may be provided if the performance conditions are satisfied during the Severance Period, provided further that in no event will any of Executive s equity awards remain outstanding beyond the award s maximum term. 
 (c) Involuntary Termination Involving a Change in Control . If Executive is subject to an Involuntary Termination which occurs during the period beginning 3 months prior to and ending on the date that is 12 months following, a Change in Control (such period, the Change in Control Period ), and Executive satisfies the conditions described in Section 2(d) below, then Executive shall be entitled to the following severance benefits (i) continued payment of Executive s Base Salary and target bonus (assuming achievement at 100 of goals) for a period of 12 months following Executive s Separation 
 
 1 For the Chief Executive Officer, the Severance Period shall be a period of 12 months. 

(ii) continued payment of the employer s portion of health insurance premiums under COBRA (assuming Executive properly and timely elects to continue health insurance coverage under COBRA) for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents until the earliest of (1) the end of the 12-month period following Executive s Separation, (2) the expiration of Executive s continuation coverage under COBRA or (3) the date when Executive becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment and (iii) unless the Company provides otherwise when an equity award is granted, and provided that such equity awards remain outstanding following such Change in Control, one hundred percent of the unvested portion of each outstanding equity award that Executive holds as of the Involuntary Termination will vest and, if applicable, become exercisable provided, however , that in the case of equity awards subject to performance conditions, such equity awards will become vested (and, if applicable, exercisable) if and only if the applicable performance conditions are satisfied during the 12-month period following such Separation. For avoidance of doubt, if Executive is subject to an Involuntary Termination pursuant to this Subsection (c), the portion of Executive s then-outstanding and unvested (and, if applicable, unexercisable) equity awards subject to performance-based vesting that is eligible to vest (and become exercisable) pursuant to clause (iii) will remain outstanding during the 12-month period following Executive s Separation, so that any additional benefits due pursuant to clause (iii) may be provided if the performance conditions are satisfied during the 12-month period following Executive s Separation, provided further that in no event will any of Executive s equity awards remain outstanding beyond the award s maximum term. 
 (d) Preconditions to Severance and Change in Control Benefits Timing of Benefits . As a condition to Executive s receipt of any benefits described in Section 2, Executive shall execute and allow to become effective a general release of claims in the form provided by the Company, comply with Executive s continuing obligations (including the return of Company property) to the Company, and, if requested by the Company, immediately resign from all positions Executive holds with the Company, including as a member of the Company s Board of Directors and as a member of the board of directors of any subsidiaries of the Company. Executive must execute and return the release on or before the date specified by the Company, which will in no event be later than 50 days after Executive s employment terminates. If Executive fails to return the release by the deadline or if Executive revokes the release, then Executive will not be entitled to the benefits described in this section 2. All such benefits will be provided, or such payments will commence, within 60 days after Executive s Involuntary Termination. If such 60-day period spans two calendar years, then payments or benefits will in any event be made or begin in the second calendar year. 
 
 3. Section 409A . The Company intends that all payments and benefits provided under this Agreement or otherwise are exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Code Section 409A so that none of the payments or benefits will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Code Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted in accordance with such intent. For purposes of Code Section 409A, each payment, installment or benefit payable under this Agreement is hereby designated as a separate payment. In addition, if the Company determines that Executive is a specified employee under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) at the time of Executive s Separation, then (i) any severance payments or benefits, to the extent that they are subject to Code Section 409A, will not be paid or otherwise provided until the first business day following the earlier of (A) expiration of the six-month period measured from Executive s Separation or (B) the date of Executive s death and (ii) any installments that otherwise would have been paid or provided prior to such date will be paid or provided in a lump sum when the severance payments or benefits commence. 
 
 4. Section 280G . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that the payments and benefits provided pursuant to this Agreement, together with all other payments and benefits received or to be received by Executive Payments ), constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Code Section 280G, and, but for this Section 4, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Code Section 4999 (the Excise Tax ), then the Payments shall be made to Executive either (i) in full or (ii) as to such lesser amount as would result in no portion of the Payments being subject to the Excise Tax (a Reduced Payment ), whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax, results in Executive s receipt on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion 
 2 

of the Payments may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a Reduced Payment is to be made under this section, reduction of Payments will occur in the following order reduction of cash payments, then cancellation of equity-based payments and accelerated vesting of equity awards, and then reduction of employee benefits. If accelerated vesting of equity awards is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting will be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant. In the event that cash payments or other benefits are reduced, such reduction shall occur in reverse order beginning with the payments and benefits which are to be paid furthest away in time. All determinations required to be made under this Section 4 (including whether any of the Payments are parachute payments and whether to make a Reduced Payment) will be made by an independent accounting firm selected by the Company. For purposes of making the calculations required by this section, the accounting firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonably, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Code Sections 280G and 4999. The Company will bear the costs that the accounting firm may reasonably incur in connection with the calculations contemplated by this Section 4. The accounting firm s determination will be binding on both Executive and the Company absent manifest error. 
 
 5. Company s Successors . Any successor to the Company to all or substantially all of the Company s business and or assets shall assume the Company s obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the Company s obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession. 
 
 6. Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 (a) Modification or Waiver . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
 (b) Integration . This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 
 (c) Choice of Law . The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the conflicts of law rules, of the State of California. 
 (d) Tax Withholding . Any payments provided for hereunder are subject to reduction to reflect applicable withholding and payroll taxes and other reductions required under federal, state or local law. The Company reserves the right to treat any payments made hereunder related to COBRA premiums as taxable income to Executive to the extent the Company deems necessary or advisable to avoid adverse tax consequences to Executive, the Company or the Company s other service providers. 
 (e) Notices . Any notice required by the terms of this Agreement shall be given in writing. It shall be deemed effective upon (i) personal delivery, (ii) deposit with the United States Postal Service, by registered or certified mail, with postage and fees prepaid or (iii) deposit with Federal Express Corporation, with shipping charges prepaid. Notice shall be addressed to the Company at its principal executive office (attention General Counsel) and to Executive at the address that they most recently provided to the Company in accordance with this Subsection (e). 
 (f) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 3 

(g) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 7. At-Will Employment . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall (a) confer upon Executive any right to continue in the employ of the Company, (b) constitute any contract or agreement of employment, or (c) interfere in any way with the at-will nature of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 
 8. Definitions . The following terms referred to in this Agreement shall have the following meanings 
 (a) Base Salary means Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to an Involuntary Termination provided, however, that in the event of a Resignation for Good Reason due to a material reduction in Executive s base salary, Base Salary means Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to such reduction. 
 (b) Cause means (i) Executive s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s confidential information or trade secrets, which use or disclosure causes material harm to the Company, (ii) Executive s material breach of any agreement with the Company, (iii) Executive s material failure to comply with the Company s written policies or rules (including without limitation the Company s ethics or insider trading policies), (iv) Executive s conviction of, or plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony under the laws of the United States or any State, (v) Executive s gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of Executive s duties for the Company (with financial accounting improprieties deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct), (vi) Executive s continuing failure to perform reasonable assigned duties in accordance with the Executive s position with the Company after receiving written notification of the failure from the Company or (vii) Executive s failure to cooperate in good faith with a governmental or internal investigation of the Company or its directors, officers or employees, if the Company has requested such cooperation provided, however , that with respect to clauses (ii), (v), (vi) and (vii), Cause will not be deemed to exist unless Executive is provided written notice by the Company of the condition constituting Cause within 30 days after such condition arises (or the Company becomes aware of such condition) and Executive fails to cure such condition within 30 days after receipt of such written notice. 
 (c) Change in Control means 
 (i) Any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the total voting power represented by the Company s then-outstanding voting securities 
 (ii) The consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets 
 (iii) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any other entity, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) more than 50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation or 
 (iv) Individuals who are members of the Company s board of directors (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Company s board of directors over a period of 12 months provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member shall, for purposes of this Agreement, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 
 4 

Solely for purposes of this Change in Control definition, references to the Company herein shall be deemed to refer to any publicly-listed parent entity of the Company. A transaction shall not constitute a Change in Control if it is an internal restructuring of the Company or if its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company s incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. In addition, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any amount which is subject to Code Section 409A, then the transaction must also constitute a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) to the extent required by Code Section 409A. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, any initial public offering, any subsequent public offering, or other capital raising event, and any merger effected solely to change the Company s domicile or to become publicly listed through acquisition by a special purpose acquisition company or any recapitalization consummated in connection therewith shall not constitute a Change in Control. 
 (d) Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 (e) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act. 
 (f) Involuntary Termination means either (i) a Termination Without Cause or (ii) a Resignation for Good Reason. 
 (g) Resignation for Good Reason means a Separation as a result of Executive s resignation within 12 months after one of the following conditions has come into existence or Executive becomes aware of such condition, in either case without Executive s consent (i) a material diminution of Executive s Base Salary or target bonus in effect prior to such reduction (other than a reduction that is part of an across-the-board reduction applicable to all senior executives of the Company), provided that a reduction of less than 10 of Executive s Base Salary will not be considered a material reduction (ii) a material diminution of Executive s duties, authorities or responsibilities (including a change in position) or of those of the individual to which Executive reports (iii) a material change in the geographic location at which Executive must perform services for the Company that increases Executive s one-way commute by more than 35 miles (iv) a change in reporting to anyone other than the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or (v) a breach by the Company of this Agreement provided that in the case of (ii) following a Change in Control, neither a mere change in title alone nor reassignment to a position that is comparable to the status and position held prior to the Change in Control shall constitute a material reduction in duties, authorities or responsibilities. A Resignation for Good Reason will not be deemed to have occurred unless Executive gives the Company written notice of the condition within 90 days after the condition comes into existence (or, if later, within 90 days after Executive becomes aware of such event) and the Company fails to remedy the condition within 30 days after receiving such written notice. 
 (h) Separation means a separation from service as defined in the regulations under Code Section 409A. 
 (i) Termination Without Cause means a Separation as a result of the termination of Executive s employment by the Company without Cause, provided Executive is willing and able to continue performing services within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(n)(1). For the avoidance of doubt, a termination due to death or permanent disability shall not be considered a Termination Without Cause. 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year indicated below. 
 
 COMPANY 

By 
 
 Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

EXECUTIVE 

By 
 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 

6 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-21>
 5
 hims-20221231x10kxexhibit21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF HIMS & HERS HEALTH, INC. 

DOMESTIC COMPANIES 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Hims, Inc. Delaware H&H Derm, LLC Delaware H&H Healthcare Management, Inc. Delaware H&H Pharmacy Management, Inc. Delaware 

FOREIGN COMPANIES 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Hims & Hers UK Limited United Kingdom 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 hims-20221231x10kxexhibit23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-263391, 333-254825) on Form S-8 and (No. 333-252814) on Form S-3 of our report dated February 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Hims & Hers Health, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 San Francisco, California February 27, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 hims-20221231x10kxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 I, Andrew Dudum, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Hims & Hers Health, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 
 By s Andrew Dudum Andrew Dudum Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 hims-20221231x10kxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 I, Oluyemi Okupe, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Hims & Hers Health, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 
 By s Oluyemi Okupe Oluyemi Okupe Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 hims-20221231x10kxex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Hims & Hers Health, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 27, 2023 
 s Andrew Dudum Andrew Dudum Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 hims-20221231x10kxex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Hims & Hers Health, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 27, 2023 
 s Oluyemi Okupe Oluyemi Okupe Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 1 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 hims-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 hims-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 hims-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 hims-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 hims-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

