<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230127_10-K_edgar_data_1091667_0001091667-23-000024.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14753302</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>589497</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3379881</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4867605</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2890109</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2769490</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001091667-23-000024.hdr.sgml : 20230127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230127070446
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001091667-23-000024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. /MO/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001091667
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CABLE & OTHER PAY TELEVISION SERVICES [4841]
		IRS NUMBER:				841496755
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33664
		FILM NUMBER:		23559617

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 ATLANTIC STREET
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-905-7800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 ATLANTIC STREET
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06901

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS INC /MO/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990723

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001091667-23-000024.txt : 20230127

10-K
 1
 chtr-20221231.htm
 10-K

chtr-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________ 
 FORM 
 ______________ 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Transition Period From to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 
 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant of outstanding Class A common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022 was approximately billion, computed based on the closing sale price as quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on that date. For purposes of this calculation only, directors, executive officers and the principal controlling shareholders or entities controlled by such controlling shareholders of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. 
 
 There were shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. There was share of Class B common stock outstanding as of the same date. 
 
 Documents Incorporated By Reference 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
 FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. PART I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 27 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 
 PART II 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 29 
 Item 7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 44 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 45 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 45 
 PART III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 46 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 46 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 46 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 46 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 46 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 47 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 47 
 Signatures 
 S- 1 
 Exhibit Index 
 E- 1 

This annual report on Form 10-K is for the year ended December 31, 2022. The United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC allows us to incorporate by reference information that we file with the SEC, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you directly to those documents. Information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this annual report. In addition, information that we file with the SEC in the future will automatically update and supersede information contained in this annual report. In this annual report, Charter, we, us and our refer to Charter Communications, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: 
 
 This annual report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, regarding, among other things, our plans, strategies and prospects, both business and financial including, without limitation, the forward-looking statements set forth in Part I. Item 1. under the heading Business and in Part II. Item 7. under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this annual report. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that we will achieve or realize these plans, intentions or expectations. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, without limitation, the factors described in Part I. Item 1A. under Risk Factors and in Part II. Item 7. under the heading, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this annual report. Many of the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as believe, expect, anticipate, should, planned, will, may, intend, estimated, aim, on track, target, opportunity, tentative, positioning, designed, create, predict, project, initiatives, seek, would, could, continue, ongoing, upside, increases, grow, focused on and potential, among others. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements we make in this annual report are set forth in this annual report and in other reports or documents that we file from time to time with the SEC, and include, but are not limited to: 
 
 our ability to sustain and grow revenues and cash flow from operations by offering Internet, video, voice, mobile, advertising and other services to residential and commercial customers, to adequately meet the customer experience demands in our service areas and to maintain and grow our customer base, particularly in the face of increasingly aggressive competition, the need for innovation and the related capital expenditures; 
 the impact of competition from other market participants, including but not limited to incumbent telephone companies, direct broadcast satellite ("DBS") operators, wireless broadband and telephone providers, digital subscriber line DSL providers, fiber to the home providers and providers of video content over broadband Internet connections; 
 general business conditions, unemployment levels and the level of activity in the housing sector and economic uncertainty or downturn; 
 our ability to obtain programming at reasonable prices or to raise prices to offset, in whole or in part, the effects of higher programming costs (including retransmission consents and distribution requirements); 
 our ability to develop and deploy new products and technologies including consumer services and service platforms; 
 any events that disrupt our networks, information systems or properties and impair our operating activities or our reputation; 
 the effects of governmental regulation on our business including subsidies to consumers, subsidies and incentives for competitors, costs, disruptions and possible limitations on operating flexibility related to, and our ability to comply with, regulatory conditions applicable to us; 
 the ability to hire and retain key personnel; 
 our ability to procure necessary services and equipment from our vendors in a timely manner and at reasonable costs including in connection with our network evolution and rural construction initiatives; 
 the availability and access, in general, of funds to meet our debt obligations prior to or when they become due and to fund our operations and necessary capital expenditures, either through (i) cash on hand, (ii) free cash flow, or (iii) access to the capital or credit markets; and 
 our ability to comply with all covenants in our indentures and credit facilities, any violation of which, if not cured in a timely manner, could trigger a default of our other obligations under cross-default provisions. 
 
 All forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. We are under no duty or obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this annual report. 
 
 ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 Introduction 
 
 We are a leading broadband connectivity company and cable operator serving more than 32 million customers in 41 states through our Spectrum brand. Over an advanced high-capacity, two-way telecommunications network, we offer a full range of state-of-the-art residential and business services including Spectrum Internet , TV, Mobile and Voice. For small and medium-sized companies, Spectrum Business delivers the same suite of broadband products and services coupled with special features and applications to enhance productivity, while for larger businesses and government entities, Spectrum Enterprise provides highly customized, fiber-based solutions. Spectrum Reach delivers tailored advertising and production for the modern media landscape. We also distribute award-winning news coverage and sports programming to our customers through Spectrum Networks. 
 
 Our network, which we own and operate, passes over an estimated 55 million households and businesses across the United States. Our strategy is focused on the evolution of our network, expansion of our footprint, and the execution of high quality operations, including customer service. It allows us to maintain a state-of-the-art network delivering the most compelling converged connectivity services in a capital and time-efficient manner, and in turn, offer advanced services to consumers at highly attractive prices, together with outstanding customer service. Offering high quality, competitively priced products and outstanding service allows us to increase both the number of customers we serve over our fully deployed network and the number of products we sell to each customer. This combination also reduces the number of service transactions we perform per relationship, yielding higher customer satisfaction and lower customer churn, which results in lower costs to acquire and serve customers and greater profitability. 
 
 Evolution Expanding the Capability of Our Network 
 
 Over the next three years, we plan to evolve our hybrid fiber coaxial network using a number of technologies, including spectrum expansion, initially to 1.2 GHz and then to 1.8 GHz, high splits to increase upstream speeds, Distributed Access Architecture ("DAA") and DOCSIS 4.0 technology. Through this process, which we expect to essentially complete by year end 2025, we will transform our network to enable multi-gigabit data speeds to customers. Those faster speeds will be offered in conjunction with our Spectrum mobile product and Advanced WiFi, providing customers seamless and convenient, ultra-fast converged connectivity in attractively priced packages, including Spectrum One, introduced in October 2022. In addition, we expect our network evolution to enable us to offer fiber on demand across the majority of our footprint. We also offer a comprehensive video product, and Xumo, a next generation streaming platform jointly owned with Comcast Corporation ("Comcast"), will create an app-based video platform with the ability to provide streaming video packages, leverage our Spectrum TV application, aggregate consumer streaming applications, and provide an industry leading voice search. 
 
 Expansion Building Our Future by Extending Our Network 
 
 Rural builds present strategic expansion opportunities of our footprint to unserved and underserved passings. Over the next several years, we expect to invest over 6 billion, a portion of which we expect to offset with government funding including over 1.7 billion of support awarded through December 31, 2022 in the Rural Development Opportunity Fund RDOF auction and other federal, state and municipal grants. We expect to participate in additional federal, state and municipal grant programs over the coming years. This investment will allow us to offer a suite of broadband connectivity services including fixed Internet, WiFi and mobile to more than one million estimated passings in unserved areas in states where we currently operate. We have also renewed our focus on building to more passings inside and at the edge of our existing network. To accomplish all of this, we have invested in new teams, new training and new equipment. These investments will allow us to generate long-term infrastructure-style returns by taking further advantage of the efficiencies of the scale and quality of our network and construction capabilities while offering our high quality products and services to more homes and businesses. 
 
 Execution Turning Our Strategy Into Success 
 
 We have competitive services and promote and package our services in ways that allow customers to have better products and save money. In addition, our focus on service quality complements our products and price. We improve the customer experience by digitizing service where customers prefer, performing proactive maintenance, and investing in systems and in our operations teams. As part of our investment in operations teams, we are making targeted adjustments to job structure, pay and benefits and career paths to improve the skills and tenure of our workforce. 
 
 1 

Our principal executive offices are located at 400 Washington Blvd., Stamford, Connecticut 06902. Our telephone number is (203) 905-7801, and we have a website accessible at ir.charter.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments thereto, are available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this annual report. 

2 

Corporate Entity Structure 
 
 The chart below sets forth our entity structure and that of our direct and indirect subsidiaries. The chart does not include all of our affiliates and subsidiaries and, in some cases, we have combined separate entities for presentation purposes. The equity ownership percentages shown below for Charter Communications Holdings, LLC Charter Holdings are approximations. Indebtedness amounts shown below are principal amounts as of December 31, 2022. See Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which also includes the accreted values of the indebtedness described below. 

3 

Footprint 
 
 We operate in geographically diverse areas which are managed centrally on a consolidated level. The map below highlights our footprint along with our planned rural expansion over the next several years based on grants awarded as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Products and Services 
 
 We offer our customers subscription-based Internet services, video services, and mobile and voice services. Our services are offered to residential and commercial customers on a subscription basis, with prices and related charges based on the types of service selected, whether the services are sold as a bundle or on an individual basis, and based on the equipment necessary to receive our services. Bundled services including some combination of our Internet, video, voice and/or mobile products are available to substantially all of our passings. 

4 

The following table summarizes our customer statistics for Internet, video, voice and mobile as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands except per customer data and footnotes). 
 
 Approximate as of December 31, 2022 (a) 
 2021 (a) 
 Customer Relationships (b) 
 Residential 29,988 29,926 Small and Medium Business ("SMB") 2,207 2,143 Total Customer Relationships 32,195 32,069 Monthly Residential Revenue per Residential Customer (c) 
 114.66 113.61 Monthly SMB Revenue per SMB Customer (d) 
 164.50 165.50 Internet Residential 28,412 28,137 SMB 2,021 1,952 Total Internet Customers 30,433 30,089 Video Residential 14,497 15,216 SMB 650 617 Total Video Customers 15,147 15,833 Voice Residential 7,697 8,621 SMB 1,286 1,282 Total Voice Customers 8,983 9,903 Mobile Lines (e) 
 Residential 5,116 3,448 SMB 176 116 Total Mobile Lines 5,292 3,564 Enterprise Primary Service Units ("PSUs") (f) 
 284 272 
 
 (a) We calculate the aging of customer accounts based on the monthly billing cycle for each account. On that basis, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, customers include approximately 144,100 and 128,300 customers, respectively, whose accounts were over 60 days past due, approximately 52,800 and 26,800 customers, respectively, whose accounts were over 90 days past due, and approximately 214,100 and 43,200 customers, respectively, whose accounts were over 120 days past due. Bad debt expense associated with these past due accounts has been reflected in our consolidated statements of operations. The increase in past due accounts is predominately due to pre-existing and incremental unsubsidized services, including video services, for those customers participating in government assistance programs. These customers are downgraded to a fully subsidized Internet-only service. 
 (b) Customer relationships include the number of customers that receive one or more levels of service, encompassing Internet, video and voice services, without regard to which service(s) such customers receive. Customers who reside in residential multiple dwelling units MDUs and that are billed under bulk contracts are counted based on the number of billed units within each bulk MDU. Total customer relationships exclude enterprise and mobile-only customer relationships. 
 (c) Monthly residential revenue per residential customer is calculated as total residential annual revenue divided by twelve divided by average residential customer relationships during the respective year and excludes mobile revenue and customers. 
 (d) Monthly SMB revenue per SMB customer is calculated as total SMB annual revenue divided by twelve divided by average SMB customer relationships during the respective year and excludes mobile revenue and customers. 
 
 5 

(e) Mobile lines include phones and tablets which require one of our standard rate plans (e.g., "Unlimited" or "By the Gig"). Mobile lines exclude wearables and other devices that do not require standard phone rate plans. 
 (f) Enterprise PSUs represent the aggregate number of fiber service offerings counting each separate service offering at each customer location as an individual PSU. 
 
 Residential Services 
 
 Connectivity Services 
 
 We provide our customers with a suite of broadband connectivity services including fixed Internet, WiFi and mobile which when bundled together provides our customers with a differentiated converged connectivity experience while saving consumers and businesses money. 
 
 We offer Spectrum Internet products with speeds up to 1 Gbps across our entire footprint. Spectrum Internet bundled with our in-home Advanced WiFi allows multiple people within a single household to stream high definition HD video content while simultaneously using our Internet service for other purposes including two-way video conferencing, among other things. 
 
 Our in-home WiFi product provides our Internet customers with high performance wireless routers and a managed WiFi service to maximize their wireless Internet experience. We offer Advanced WiFi service across nearly all of our residential footprint along with WiFi 6 routers capable of delivering speeds over 1 Gbps. With Advanced WiFi, customers enjoy a cloud-optimized WiFi connection and have the ability to view and control their WiFi network through our Spectrum application My Spectrum App ). The service enables parental control schedules to be set for children s devices or limit access entirely to unknown devices attempting to access the network. 
 
 Customers also have the option to add Spectrum WiFi pods to Advanced WiFi. WiFi pods are small, discreet access points that plug into electrical outlets in the home, providing broader and more consistent WiFi coverage. In 2022, we began rolling out Spectrum Security Shield across the residential footprint which protects all devices in the home using network-based security. This free security suite provides end point protection to computers in the home, enabling protection against computer viruses, spyware and threats from malicious actors across the Internet. 
 
 We also offer the capabilities of the Advanced WiFi service to MDUs as Advanced Community WiFi ACW ). With ACW, tenants will receive the same visibility and control over their apartment s WiFi networks through the My Spectrum App, while building managers will be able to see and manage the entire building s network through a purpose-built property service portal. 
 
 Our Spectrum Mobile service is offered to customers subscribing to our Internet service, and runs on Verizon Communications Inc. s ("Verizon") mobile network, combined with Spectrum WiFi. We offer nationwide fifth generation ("5G") service at no incremental cost to our mobile customers enabling them to stream content several times faster and reducing latency when connecting to apps or webpages where 5G coverage exists. In addition, we continue to focus on improving the customer experience and integrating our mobile and fixed Internet products, providing greater WiFi access, speeds and performance using more than 500,000 of our out-of-home WiFi access points across our footprint combined with approximately 25 million out-of-home WiFi access points from other networks with which we partner, providing near nationwide coverage. In 2022, we launched an enhancement to our connectivity services with Spectrum Mobile Speed Boost at Home Speed Boost ). Customers are eligible for Speed Boost if they have both Spectrum Mobile and Spectrum Internet, a DOCSIS 3.1 modem and an Advanced WiFi router. When connected on their Spectrum Mobile device through their secure in-home WiFi private service set identifier SSID ), customers are now experiencing the fastest overall speeds up to 1 Gbps. The Spectrum Mobile SSID accelerates offload data from our mobile virtual network operator ("MVNO") cellular network to our own WiFi network and we expect it to be available across our footprint in 2023. 
 
 We provide wireline voice communications services using voice over Internet protocol ("VoIP") technology to transmit digital voice signals over our network. Our voice services include unlimited local and long distance calling to the United States, Canada, Mexico and Puerto Rico, voicemail, call waiting, caller ID, call forwarding and other features and offers international calling either by the minute, or through packages of minutes per month. For customers that subscribe to both our voice and video offerings, caller ID on TV is also available in most areas. We also offer Call Guard, an advanced caller ID and robocall blocking solution, for our residential and SMB voice customers. Call Guard reduces customer frustration and improves security by blocking malicious calls while ensuring our customers continue to receive the legitimate automated calls they need from schools or healthcare providers. 

6 

Video Services 
 
 We provide our customers with a choice of video programming services on a variety of platforms including through a digital set-top box or an Internet Protocol ("IP") device. Video customers have access to a variety of programming packages with approximately 375 channels available in home and out of home allowing our customers to access the programming they want, when they want it, on any device. Our video customers also have access to programmer authenticated applications such as Fox Now, Showtime and ESPN and direct to consumer applications such as Netflix and YouTube on certain set-top boxes. In June 2022, we entered into a joint venture with Comcast to develop and offer a next-generation streaming platform, Xumo, with the ability to provide streaming video packages, leverage our Spectrum TV application, aggregate consumer streaming applications, and provide an industry leading voice search, with the benefit of new revenue streams. 
 
 Our video service also includes access to an interactive programming guide with parental controls and in virtually all of our footprint, video on demand VOD or pay-per-view services. VOD service allows customers to select from approximately 90,000 titles at any time. VOD programming options may be accessed at no additional cost if the content is associated with a customer s linear subscription, or for a fee on a transactional basis. VOD services are also offered on a subscription basis included in a digital tier premium channel subscription or for a monthly fee. Pay-per-view channels allow customers to pay on a per-event basis to view a single showing of a one-time special sporting event, music concert, or similar event on a commercial-free basis. We also offer digital video recorder DVR service that enables customers to digitally record programming and to pause and rewind live programming on set-top boxes and cloud DVR service, which allows customers to schedule, record and watch their favorite programming anytime from connected IP devices as well as SpectrumTV.com. 
 
 Customers are increasingly accessing their subscription video content through our highly rated Spectrum TV application via mobile devices and connected IP devices, such as Roku, Xumo TV and Samsung TV. Access to the Spectrum TV application is included in all Spectrum TV video plans and allows users to stream content across a growing number of platforms as well as access their full TV lineup, watch on demand content and gives them the ability to program their DVR from anywhere. Customers are also able to purchase their video services within the Spectrum TV application. 
 
 Commercial Services 
 
 We offer scalable broadband communications solutions for businesses and carrier organizations of all sizes, selling Internet access, data networking, fiber connectivity to cellular towers and office buildings, video entertainment services and business telephone services. 
 
 Small and Medium Business 
 
 Spectrum Business offers Internet, voice and video services to SMBs over our hybrid fiber coaxial network. In addition, we offer our Spectrum Mobile service to SMB customers. Spectrum Business includes a full range of video programming and offers Internet speeds up to 1 Gbps across our entire footprint. Spectrum Business also includes a set of business services including static IP and business WiFi, e-mail and security, and voice services through either a traditional voice offering or hosted voice solution. In December 2022, we launched Spectrum Business Connect with RingCentral as our new SMB communications solution that includes Spectrum Internet, voice and complementary mobility features, and allows our customers remote and office employees to stay more easily connected regardless of their location. We also offer Wireless Internet Backup to our SMB customers which is designed to enhance and protect Internet service for SMBs in the event of a network disruption. 
 
 Enterprise 
 
 Spectrum Enterprise offers tailored communications products and managed service solutions over a high-capacity last-mile network with speeds up to 100 Gbps to larger businesses and government entities (local, state and federal), in addition to wholesale services to mobile and wireline carriers. The Spectrum Enterprise product portfolio includes connectivity services such as Internet Access (fiber, wireless and coax delivered); Wide Area Network ("WAN") solutions (Ethernet, Software Defined SD )-WAN and cloud connectivity) that privately and securely connect geographically dispersed customer locations and cloud service providers; and Managed Services which address a wide range of enterprise networking (e.g. routing, Local Area Network LAN ), WiFi) and security (e.g. firewall, Distributed Denial of Service DDoS protection) challenges. To meet the communications needs of these more sophisticated customers, Spectrum Enterprise also offers an array of voice trunking services and unified messaging, communications and collaboration solutions. In December 2022, we launched Unified Communications with RingCentral, which integrates Spectrum Enterprise s managed services to complement its other solutions and gives customers more choices for enhancing their digital experience across locations and devices. In addition, for 
 
 7 

industries such as hospitality, education and healthcare where specialized video solutions are demanded, Spectrum Enterprise offers a wide range of solutions designed to meet those requirements. Spectrum Enterprise serves businesses nationally by combining its large serviceable footprint with a robust portfolio of fiber lit buildings and a significant wholesale partner network. As a result, these customers benefit by obtaining advanced solutions from a single provider who is committed to an exceptional customer experience and who delivers compelling value by simplifying procurement and offering competitive pricing potentially reducing our customers' costs. 
 
 Advertising Services 
 
 Our advertising sales division, Spectrum Reach, offers local, regional and national businesses the opportunity to advertise in individual and multiple service areas on cable television networks, various streaming services and numerous advanced advertising platforms. We receive revenues from the sale of local advertising across various platforms for networks such as TBS, CNN and ESPN. We insert local advertising on up to 100 channels in over 90 markets. Our large footprint provides opportunities for advertising customers to address broader regional audiences from a single provider and thus reach more customers with a single transaction. Our size also provides scale to invest in new technology to create more targeted and addressable advertising capabilities. 
 
 Available advertising time is generally sold by our advertising sales force. In some service areas, we have formed advertising interconnects or entered into representation agreements with other video distributors, including, among others, Verizon, DirecTV and Comcast, under which we sell advertising on behalf of those operators. In other service areas, we enter into representation agreements under which another operator in the area will sell advertising on our behalf. These arrangements enable us and our partners to represent and deliver commercials on their inventory across wider geographic areas, replicating the reach of local broadcast television stations to the extent possible. In addition, we enter into interconnect agreements from time to time with other cable operators, which, on behalf of a number of video operators, sells advertising time to national and regional advertisers in individual or multiple service areas. 
 
 Additionally, we sell the advertising inventory of our owned and operated local sports and news channels, of our regional sports networks that carry Los Angeles Lakers basketball games and other sports programming and of SportsNet LA, a regional sports network that carries Los Angeles Dodgers baseball games and other sports programming. 
 
 In 2022, we expanded our deployment of household addressability ("HHA"), which allows for more precise targeting across our footprint. Additionally, in conjunction with other MVPDs, Spectrum Reach enables multi-channel cable networks (e.g. AMC, Discovery) to deploy HHA on their own inventory in our footprint, charging them an enablement fee. We also continue to further enhance our Ad Portal, which allows small businesses to purchase local cable advertising and/or creative services via our web portal with limited sales personnel interaction at a price within their budgets. Our fully deployed Audience App, which uses our proprietary set-top box viewership data (all anonymized and aggregated), allows us to create data-driven linear TV campaigns for local advertisers. In 2022, Spectrum Reach launched its first programmatic sales platform allowing advertising agencies and advertisers to buy inventory in a fully automated way. Streaming TV, which is largely comprised of Spectrum TV application impressions, as well as those from numerous over-the-top streaming content providers, is part of our suite of advanced advertising products available to the marketplace. Spectrum Reach is also now employing multi-screen deterministic attribution services for television and streaming services that lets advertisers know the effectiveness of their advertising on Spectrum Reach s platform. 
 
 Other Services 
 
 Regional Sports Networks 
 
 We have an agreement with the Los Angeles Lakers for rights to distribute all locally available Los Angeles Lakers games through 2033. We broadcast those games on our regional sports network, Spectrum SportsNet. American Media Productions, LLC ("American Media Productions"), an unaffiliated third party, owns SportsNet LA, a regional sports network carrying the Los Angeles Dodgers baseball games and other sports programming. In accordance with agreements with American Media Productions, we act as the network s exclusive affiliate and advertising sales representative and have certain branding and programming rights with respect to the network. In addition, we provide certain production and technical services to American Media Productions. The affiliate, advertising, production and programming agreements continue through 2038. We also own 26.8 of Sterling Entertainment Enterprises, LLC (doing business as SportsNet New York), a New York City-based regional sports network that carries New York Mets baseball games as well as other regional sports programming. 

8 

News Channels 
 
 We own and manage 37 local news channels, including Spectrum News NY1 and Spectrum News SoCal, 24-hour news channels focused on New York City and Los Angeles, respectively. Our local news channels connect the diverse communities and neighborhoods we serve providing 24/7 hyperlocal content, focusing on news, programming and storytelling that addresses the deeper needs and interests of our customers. Customers can also read, watch and listen to news stories by our Spectrum News journalists and local partner publications on their mobile device on our Spectrum News application and certain smart TVs and streaming devices. 
 
 Pricing of Our Products and Services 
 
 Our revenues are principally derived from the monthly fees customers pay for the services we provide. We typically charge a one-time installation fee which is sometimes waived or discounted in certain sales channels during certain promotional periods. 
 
 Our Spectrum pricing and packaging ("SPP") generally offers a standardized price across our services and add-on services allowing customers to design a bundle offering that fits their needs. We believe SPP: 
 
 offers a higher quality and more value-based set of services relative to our competitors, including fast Internet speeds, hundreds of HD channels and a transparent pricing structure; 
 offers simplicity for customers to understand our offers, and for our employees in service delivery; 
 drives our ability to package more services at the time of sale, thus increasing revenue per customer; 
 drives higher customer satisfaction, lower service calls and churn; and 
 allows for gradual price increases at the end of promotional periods. 
 
 We also have specialized offerings to enhance affordability of our Internet product for qualified low-income households, including Spectrum Internet Assist, a 30 megabits per second ("Mbps") service, and Internet 100, a 100 Mbps service. Both are low cost and include a modem for no additional charge. In addition, many of our customers are eligible for a subsidy through the Federal Communications Commission's ("FCC") Affordable Connectivity Program ("ACP") which provides eligible low-income households with up to 30 per month towards Internet service. 
 
 In October 2022, we introduced Spectrum One, which brings together in a high-value package, Spectrum Internet, Advanced WiFi and Unlimited Spectrum Mobile, offering consumers fast, reliable and secure online connections on their favorite devices at home and on-the-go. Alternatively, our mobile customers can choose one of two simple ways to pay for data. Customers can choose from unlimited or by-the-gig data usage plans and can easily switch between mobile data plans during the month. All plans include 5G service, free nationwide talk and text, and simple pricing that includes all taxes and fees. Customers can also purchase mobile devices and accessory products and have the option to pay for devices under interest-free monthly installment plans. Our device portfolio includes 5G models from Apple, Google and Samsung and we offer trade-in options along with a bring-your-own-device BYOD program which lowers the costs for our customers switching to Spectrum Mobile from other mobile operators. 
 
 Our Network Technology 
 
 Our network includes three key components: a national backbone, regional/metro networks and a last-mile network. Both our national backbone and regional/metro network components utilize a redundant IP ring/mesh fiber architecture. The national backbone component provides connectivity from regional demarcation points to nationally centralized content, connectivity and services. The regional/metro network components provide connectivity between the regional demarcation points and headends within a specific geographic area and enable the delivery of content and services between these network components. 
 
 Our last-mile network utilizes a hybrid fiber coaxial cable HFC architecture, which combines the use of fiber optic cable with coaxial cable. In most systems, we deliver our signals via fiber optic cable from the headend to a group of nodes, and use coaxial cable to deliver the signal from individual nodes to the homes served by that node. Our design standard allows spare fiber strands to each node to be utilized for additional residential traffic capacity, and enterprise customer needs as they arise. For our Spectrum Enterprise customers, fiber optic cable is extended to the customer s site. For certain new buildouts, including for our rural construction initiative, and MDU sites, we utilize a fiber deployment. We believe that this hybrid network design provides high capacity and signal quality with a cost efficient path to increased speeds. 

9 

HFC architecture benefits include: 
 
 bandwidth capacity to enable traditional and two-way video and broadband services; 
 dedicated bandwidth for delivering two-way services, signal quality and higher service reliability, which provides an advantage over fixed wireless offerings; 
 the ability to upgrade capacity at a lower incremental capital cost relative to our competitors; and 
 a powered network enabling Advanced WiFi out-of-home and our future 5G small cell access points. 
 
 Our systems currently provide a two-way all-digital platform, leveraging DOCSIS 3.1 technology and bandwidth of 750 megahertz or greater, to virtually all of our estimated passings. This bandwidth-rich network enables us to offer a large selection of HD channels and Spectrum Internet Gig across all of our footprint which enables us to provide fast, reliable and secure online connections and meet nearly all current residential customer demands today. Over the next three years, we intend to deploy network enhancements to upgrade our footprint initially expanding our spectrum to 1.2 Ghz through a module upgrade in the hub, node and amplifier and using high splits to deliver multi-gig speed capabilities while using the current DOCSIS 3.1 customer premise equipment. Later, we will continue to expand our spectrum to 1.2 Ghz but will use DAA to deliver even faster speeds when using the next generation of DOCSIS modem, DOCSIS 4.0. Next, we will begin to deploy DOCSIS 4.0 technology, to further increase our spectrum to 1.8 Ghz enabling even higher speed capabilities. This network evolution will also allow us to extend fiber services to the home in a success based Fiber on Demand manner and is the technology currently deployed in our rural fiber buildouts. We plan to complement our wireline investments with planned WiFi upgrades for in-home routers. With nearly 500 million devices connected wirelessly to our network in our customer's homes and businesses, we will unlock our network investments for multi-gigabit speeds through the deployment of WiFi 6E in 2023. 
 
 We own 210 Citizen Broadband Radio Service ("CBRS") Priority Access Licenses ("PALs") and intend to use these licenses along with unlicensed CBRS spectrum to build our own 5G data-only mobile network on targeted 5G small cell sites leveraging our HFC network to provide power and data connectivity to the majority of the sites. These 5G small cells, combined with growing WiFi capabilities, increase speed and reliability along with improving our cost structure through offload onto our owned networks. In 2022, we began a trial of the 5G network, which will inform our deployment plan for 5G small cell sites, as part of our broader multi-year 5G mobile network buildout, based on disciplined cost reduction targets. 
 
 Rural Construction Initiative 
 
 In 2022, we continued our rural broadband construction initiative in which we intend to expand our network to offer a suite of broadband connectivity services including fixed Internet, WiFi and mobile to more than one million estimated passings in unserved areas in states where we currently operate. We expect to invest over 6 billion over the next several years, a portion of which we expect to offset with government funding including over 1.7 billion of support awarded through December 31, 2022 in the RDOF auction and other federal, state and municipal grants, and we expect to participate in additional federal, state and municipal grant programs over the coming years. In addition to construction in areas subsidized by various government grants, we expect to continue rural construction in areas near our current plant and in areas surrounding subsidized construction where synergies can be achieved. These investments will allow us to generate long-term infrastructure-style returns by further taking advantage of the efficiencies of the scale and quality of our network and construction capabilities while offering our high quality products and services to more homes and businesses. We expect these newly-served homes will be enabled to engage in distance learning, remote work, telemedicine and other bandwidth-heavy applications that require high speed broadband connectivity. Newly-served rural areas will also benefit from our high-value SPP structure including our voice and mobile offerings, as well as our comprehensive selection of video products. The successful and timely execution of such fiber-based construction is dependent on a variety of external factors, including the make-ready and utility pole permitting processes. With fewer homes and businesses in these areas, broadband providers need to access multiple poles per home, as opposed to multiple homes per pole in higher-density settings. As a result, pole applications, pole replacement rules and their affiliated issue resolution processes are all factors that can have a significant impact on construction timing and speed to completion. The RDOF auction rules and other subsidy grants establish construction milestones for the build-out utilizing subsidized funding. Failure to meet those milestones could subject us to financial penalties. 
 
 Management, Customer Operations and Marketing 
 
 Our operations are centralized, with senior executives responsible for coordinating and overseeing operations, including establishing company-wide strategies, policies and procedures. Sales and marketing, field operations, customer operations, network operations, engineering, advertising sales, human resources, legal, government relations, information technology and finance are all directed at the corporate level. Regional and local field operations are responsible for customer premise service transactions and maintaining and constructing that portion of our network which is located outdoors. Our field operations 
 
 10 

strategy includes completing a significant portion of our activity with our employees which we find drives consistent and higher quality services. In 2022, our in-house field operations workforce handled approximately 80 of our customer premise service transactions. 
 
 We continue to focus on improving the customer experience through enhanced product offerings, reliability of services, and delivery of quality customer service. As part of our operating strategy, we insource most of our customer operations workload. Our in-house call centers handle nearly all of our total customer service calls. We manage our customer service call centers centrally to ensure a consistent, high quality customer experience. In addition, we route calls by call type to specific agents that only handle such call types, enabling agents to become experts in addressing specific customer needs, creating a better customer experience. Service from our call centers continues to become more efficient as a result of new tool enhancements that give our front-line customer service agents more context and real-time information about the customer and their services which allows them to more effectively troubleshoot and resolve issues. Our call center agent desktop interface tool enables virtualization of all call centers thereby better serving our customers. Virtualization allows calls to be routed across our call centers regardless of the location origin of the call, reducing call wait times, and saving costs. 
 
 We also provide customers with the opportunity to interact with us in the manner they choose through self-service options on our customer website and mobile device application, or via telephonic communication, online chat and social media. Our customer websites and mobile applications enable customers to pay their bills, manage their accounts, order and activate new services and utilize self-service help and support. In addition, our self-install program has been beneficial for customers who need flexibility in the timing of their installation. 
 
 We sell our residential and commercial services using national brand platforms known as Spectrum, Spectrum Business, Spectrum Enterprise and Spectrum Reach. These brands reflect our comprehensive approach to industry-leading products, driven by speed, performance and innovation. Our marketing strategy emphasizes the sale of our bundled services through targeted direct response marketing programs to existing and potential customers, and increases awareness and the value of the Spectrum brand. Our marketing organization creates and executes marketing programs intended to grow customer relationships, increase the number of services we sell per relationship, retain existing customers and cross-sell additional products to current customers. We monitor the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, customer perception, competition, pricing, and service preferences, among other factors, in order to increase our responsiveness to our customers and to improve our sales and customer retention. The marketing organization manages all residential and SMB sales channels including inbound, direct sales, on-line, outbound telemarketing and stores. 
 
 Programming 
 
 We believe that offering a wide variety of video programming choices influences a customer s decision to subscribe to and retain our cable video services. We obtain basic and premium programming, usually pursuant to written contracts from a number of suppliers. Media corporation and broadcast station group consolidation has, however, resulted in fewer suppliers and additional selling power on the part of programming suppliers. 
 
 Programming is usually made available to us for a license fee, which is generally paid based on the number of customers to whom we make that programming available. Programming license fees may include volume discounts and other financial incentives and/or ongoing marketing support, as well as discounts for channel placement or service penetration. For home shopping channels, we typically receive a percentage of the revenue attributable to our customers purchases. We also offer VOD and pay-per-view channels of movies and events that are subject to a revenue split with the content provider. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Residential Services 
 
 We face intense competition for residential customers, both from existing competitors and, as a result of the rapid development of new technologies, services and products, from new entrants. 
 
 Internet Competition 
 
 Our residential Internet service faces competition across our footprint from fiber-to-the-home ("FTTH"), fixed wireless broadband, Internet delivered via satellite and DSL services. AT T Inc. ("AT T"), Frontier Communications Corporation Frontier and Verizon are our primary FTTH competitors. Given the FTTH deployments of our competitors, launches of broadband services offering 1 Gbps speed have recently grown. Several competitors, including AT T, Frontier, Verizon, 
 
 11 

WideOpenWest, Inc. ("WOW") and Google Fiber, deliver 1 Gbps broadband speed (and some deliver multi Gbps) in at least a portion of their footprints which overlap our footprint. Additionally, several national mobile network operators offer Long Term Evolution LTE or 5G delivered fixed wireless home Internet service in our markets. In several markets, we also face competition from one or more fixed wireless providers that deliver point-to-point Internet connectivity. DSL service is offered across our footprint often at prices lower than our Internet services, although typically at speeds much lower than the minimum speeds we offer as part of SPP. In addition, a growing number of commercial areas, such as retail malls, restaurants and airports, offer WiFi Internet service. Numerous local governments are also considering or actively pursuing publicly subsidized WiFi Internet access networks. These options offer alternatives to cable-based Internet access. We face terrestrial broadband Internet (defined as at least 25 Mbps) competition from three primary competitors, AT T, Frontier and Verizon, in approximately 35 , 11 and 5 of our operating footprint, respectively. 
 
 Video Competition 
 
 Our residential video service faces competition from DBS service providers, which have a national footprint and compete in all of our operating areas. DBS providers offer satellite-delivered pre-packaged programming services that can be received by relatively small and inexpensive receiving dishes. DBS providers offer aggressive promotional pricing, exclusive programming and video services that are comparable in many respects to our residential video service. Our residential video service also faces competition from large telecommunications companies, primarily Verizon, which offer wireline video services in significant portions of our operating areas. 
 
 Our residential video service also faces growing competition across our footprint from a number of other sources, including companies that deliver linear network programming, movies and television shows on demand and other video content over broadband Internet connections to televisions, computers, tablets and mobile devices. These competitors include virtual multichannel video programming distributors vMVPDs such as Hulu Live, YouTube TV, Sling TV, Philo and DirecTV Stream. Other online video business models and products have also developed, some offered by programmers that have not traditionally sold programming directly to consumers, including, (i) subscription video on demand SVOD services such as Netflix, Apple TV+, Amazon Prime, Hulu Plus, Disney+, HBO Max, Peacock, Paramount+, AMC+, Starz and Showtime Anytime, (ii) ad-supported free online video products, including YouTube and Pluto TV, some of which offer programming for free to consumers that we currently purchase for a fee, (iii) pay-per-view products, such as iTunes, and (iv) additional offerings from mobile providers which continue to integrate and bundle video services and mobile products. Historically, we have generally viewed SVOD online video services as complementary to our own video offering. As the proliferation of online video services grows, however, services from vMVPDs and direct to consumer offerings, as well as piracy and password sharing, negatively impact the number of customers purchasing our video product. 
 
 Voice Competition 
 
 Our residential voice service competes with wireless and wireline phone providers across our footprint, as well as other forms of communication, such as text messaging on cellular phones, instant messaging, social networking services, video conferencing and email. We also compete with over-the-top phone providers, such as Vonage, Skype, magicJack, Google Voice and Ooma, Inc., as well as companies that sell phone cards at a cost per minute for both national and international service. The increase in the number of different technologies capable of carrying voice services and the number of alternative communication options available to customers as well as the replacement of wireline services by wireless have intensified the competitive environment in which we operate our residential voice service. 
 
 Mobile Competition 
 
 Our mobile service faces competition from national mobile network operators including AT T, Verizon and T-Mobile US, Inc. ("T-Mobile"), fixed wireless providers, as well as a variety of regional operators and mobile virtual network operators. Most carriers offer unlimited data packages to customers while some also offer free devices. Various operators also offer wireless Internet services delivered over networks which they continue to enhance to deliver faster speeds. AT T, Verizon and T-Mobile continue to expand 5G mobile services. Additionally, in connection with Dish Network Corporation s acquisition of Sprint Corporation s Sprint prepaid mobile services businesses, the FCC and Department of Justice ("DOJ") have imposed a timeline on Dish Network Corporation (70 by June 2023) for 5G network development and expansion. We also compete for retail activations with other resellers that buy bulk wholesale service from wireless service providers for resale. 

12 

Regional Competitors 
 
 In some of our operating areas, other competitors have built networks that offer Internet, video and voice services that compete with our services. For example, in certain service areas, our residential Internet, video and voice services compete with WOW, altafiber, Google Fiber and Astound Broadband. 
 
 Additional Competition 
 
 In addition to multi-channel video providers, cable systems compete with other sources of news, information and entertainment, including over-the-air television broadcast reception, live events, movie theaters and the Internet. Competition is also posed by fixed wireless and satellite master antenna television ("SMATV") systems serving MDUs, such as condominiums, apartment complexes, and private residential communities. 
 
 Business Services 
 
 We face intense competition across each of our business services product offerings. Our SMB Internet, video and voice services face competition from a variety of providers as described above. Our enterprise solutions also face competition from the competitors described above as well as cloud-based application-service providers, managed service providers and other telecommunications carriers, such as metro and regional fiber-based carriers. 
 
 Advertising 
 
 We face intense competition for advertising revenue across many different platforms and from a wide range of local and national competitors. Advertising competition has increased and will likely continue to increase as new advertising platforms seek to attract the same advertisers. We compete for advertising revenue against, among others, local broadcast stations, national cable and broadcast networks, radio stations, print media and online advertising companies and content providers. 
 
 Seasonality and Cyclicality 
 
 Our business is subject to seasonal and cyclical variations. Our results are impacted by the seasonal nature of customers receiving our cable services in college and vacation service areas. Our revenue is subject to cyclical advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels. Our advertising revenue is generally higher in the second and fourth calendar quarters of each year, due in part to increases in consumer advertising in the spring and in the period leading up to and including the holiday season. U.S. advertising revenue is also cyclical, benefiting in even-numbered years from advertising related to candidates running for political office and issue-oriented advertising. Our capital expenditures and trade working capital are also subject to significant seasonality based on the timing of subscriber growth, network programs, specific projects and construction. 
 
 Regulation and Legislation 
 
 The following summary addresses the key regulatory and legislative developments affecting the cable industry and our services for both residential and commercial customers. Cable systems and related communications networks and services are extensively regulated by the federal government (primarily the FCC), certain state governments and many local governments. A failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to substantial penalties. Our business can be dramatically impacted by changes to the existing regulatory framework, whether triggered by legislative, administrative, or judicial rulings. Congress and the FCC have frequently revisited the subject of communications regulation and they are likely to do so again in the future. We could be materially disadvantaged in the future if we are subject to new laws, regulations or regulatory actions that do not equally impact our key competitors. For example, Internet-delivered streaming video services compete with our traditional video service, but they are not subject to the same level of federal, state, and local regulation. We cannot provide assurance that the already extensive regulation of our business will not be expanded in the future. In addition, through May 2023, we are subject to Charter-specific conditions regarding certain business practices as a result of the FCC s approval of the merger in 2016 with Time Warner Cable Inc. TWC and acquisition of Bright House Networks, LLC Bright House ). 
 
 Video Service 
 
 Must Carry/Retransmission Consent 
 
 There are two alternative legal methods for carriage of local broadcast television stations on cable systems. Federal must carry regulations require cable systems to carry local broadcast television stations upon the request of the local broadcaster. 
 
 13 

Alternatively, federal law includes retransmission consent regulations, by which popular commercial television stations can prohibit cable carriage unless the cable operator first negotiates for retransmission consent, which may be conditioned on significant payments or other concessions. Popular stations routinely invoke retransmission consent and demand substantial compensation increases in their negotiations with cable operators, thereby significantly increasing our operating costs. 
 
 Pole Attachments 
 
 The Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the Communications Act ), requires many investor-owned utilities owning utility poles to provide cable systems with access to poles and conduits and also subjects the rates charged for this access to either federal or state regulation. The federally regulated rates now applicable to pole attachments used for cable or telecommunications services, including when offered together with Internet service, are substantially similar. The FCC's approach does not directly affect the rate in states that self-regulate, but many of those states have substantially the same rate for all communications attachments. We sometimes face challenges getting access to poles in rural areas when the FCC pole attachment rules do not apply. 
 
 Other FCC Regulatory Matters 
 
 The Communications Act and FCC regulations cover a variety of additional areas applicable to our video services, including, among other things: (1) licensing of systems and facilities, including the grant of various spectrum licenses; (2) equal employment opportunity obligations; (3) customer service standards; (4) technical standards; (5) mandatory blackouts of certain network and syndicated programming; (6) restrictions on political advertising; (7) restrictions on advertising in children s programming; (8) ownership restrictions; (9) posting of certain information on an FCC public file website, including but not limited to political advertising records, equal employment opportunity practices, compliance with children s programming requirements, policies for commercial leased access, system information, and channel carriage information including disclosure of our ownership interests in channels we carry; (10) emergency alert systems; (11) inside wiring and contracts for MDU complexes; (12) accessibility of content, including requirements governing video-description and closed-captioning; (13) competitive availability of cable equipment; (14) the provision of up to 15 of video channel capacity for commercial leased access by unaffiliated third parties; and (15) public, education and government entity access requirements. Each of these regulations restricts our business practices to varying degrees and may impose additional costs on our operations. 
 
 The FCC regulates spectrum usage in ways that could impact our operations including for microwave backhaul, broadcast, unlicensed WiFi and CBRS. Our ability to access and use spectrum that may become available in the future is uncertain and may be limited by further FCC auction or allocation decisions. New spectrum obtained by other parties could also lead to additional wireless competition to our existing and future services. 
 
 It is possible that Congress or the FCC will expand or modify its regulation of cable systems or the services delivered over cable systems and competing services in the future, and we cannot predict at this time how that might impact our business. 
 
 Copyright 
 
 The carriage of television and radio broadcast signals by cable systems are subject to a federal compulsory copyright license. The copyright law provides copyright owners the right to audit our payments under the compulsory license, and the Copyright Office is currently considering modifications to the license s royalty calculations and reporting obligations. The possible modification or elimination of this license is the subject of continuing legislative proposals and administrative review and could adversely affect our ability to obtain desired broadcast programming. 
 
 Franchise Matters 
 
 Our cable systems generally are operated pursuant to nonexclusive franchises, permits, and similar authorizations granted by a municipality or other state or local government entity in order to utilize and cross public rights-of-way. 
 
 Cable franchises generally are granted for fixed terms and in many cases include monetary penalties for noncompliance and may be terminable if the franchisee fails to comply. The specific terms and conditions of cable franchises vary significantly between jurisdictions. They generally contain provisions governing cable operations, franchise fees, system construction, maintenance, technical performance, customer service standards, supporting and carrying public, education and government access channels, and changes in the ownership of the franchisee. Although local franchising authorities have considerable discretion in establishing franchise terms, certain federal protections benefit cable operators. For example, federal law imposes a cap on franchise fees of 5 of gross revenues from the provision of cable services over the cable system. In 2019, the FCC 
 
 14 

clarified that the value of in-kind contribution requirements set forth in cable franchises is subject to the statutory cap on franchise fees, and it reaffirmed that state and local authorities are barred from imposing franchise fees on revenues derived from non-cable services, such as Internet services, provided by cable operators over cable systems. Those rules were generally upheld by a federal court in 2021. 
 
 A number of states have adopted franchising laws that provide for state-issued franchising. Generally, state-issued cable franchises are for a fixed term (or in perpetuity), streamline many of the traditional local cable franchise requirements and eliminate local negotiation and enforcement of terms. 
 
 The Communications Act provides for an orderly franchise renewal process in which granting authorities may not unreasonably deny renewals. If we fail to obtain renewals of franchises representing a significant number of our customers, it could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or our liquidity. Similarly, if a franchising authority s consent is required for the purchase or sale of a cable system, the franchising authority may attempt to impose more burdensome requirements as a condition for providing its consent. 
 
 Internet Service 
 
 The FCC originally classified broadband Internet access services, such as those we offer, as an information service, which exempted the service from traditional communications common carrier laws and regulations. In 2015, the FCC reclassified broadband Internet access services as telecommunications service and, on that basis, imposed a number of net neutrality rules governing the provision of broadband service. In 2017, the FCC reversed its 2015 decision and eliminated the 2015 rules, other than a transparency requirement, which obligates us to disclose performance statistics and other service information to consumers. It is possible that the FCC might again revise its approach to broadband Internet access, or that Congress might enact legislation affecting the rules applicable to the service. The application of new legal requirements to our Internet services could adversely affect our business. 
 
 The FCC recently adopted new rules to expand the surviving transparency requirement by requiring us to post standardized labels similar to the format of food nutrition labels for each of our currently available consumer Internet offerings. These new rules are scheduled to take effect six months after approval by the federal Office of Management and Budget. 
 
 The 2017 FCC decision reclassifying Internet access services also ruled that state regulators may not impose obligations similar to federal network neutrality obligations that the FCC eliminated, but this blanket prohibition was vacated by the U.S. Court of Appeals in 2019. The court left open the possibility that individual state laws could be deemed preempted on a case by case basis if it is shown that they conflict with federal law. Several states have adopted rules similar to the network neutrality requirements that were eliminated by the FCC, and the California rules were upheld in federal court. 
 
 California has also adopted other regulations on Internet services, including network resiliency rules to assure backup power is available after natural disasters and other outages, and it has an open proceeding to consider the imposition of service quality metrics on Internet service providers. New York adopted legislation that would have required Internet service providers to offer a discounted Internet service to qualifying low-income consumers, but a federal district judge enjoined enforcement as likely to be deemed rate regulation of Internet service that would be preempted by federal law. That decision is currently being appealed. We cannot predict what other legislation and regulations may be adopted by states or how challenges to such requirements will be resolved. 
 
 In recent years, the federal, state and local governments have offered billions of dollars in subsidies to companies deploying broadband to areas deemed to be unserved or underserved, using funds from the FCC s RDOF auction in 2020, The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ARPA ), and The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 2021 (the IIJA ). We support such subsidies, provided they are not directed to areas that are already served, and have sought and expect to continue to seek subsidies for our own broadband construction in unserved and underserved areas through programs including RDOF and those created pursuant to ARPA and, if regulatory requirements are reasonable, the IIJA. We have been awarded over 1.7 billion in the RDOF auction and other federal, state and municipal grants that will partially fund, along with our substantial additional investment, the construction of new broadband infrastructure to more than one million estimated passings. Our awards through RDOF and ARPA include a number of regulatory requirements, such as serving as the carrier of last resort and completing increasingly larger portions of the network construction by certain dates. If we fail to meet these obligations, we could be subject to substantial government penalties. 
 
 The market for our Internet services is affected by participation in and the general availability of programs that offer federal subsidies for certain low-income consumers for the purchase of Internet access service. In 2021, pursuant to Congressional 
 
 15 

appropriation for COVID relief, the FCC established a temporary monthly Emergency Broadband Benefit Program ("EBBP") subsidy of up to 50 for most eligible low-income households. With the funding for EBBP set to run out, Congress in the IIJA authorized 14.2 billion for the successor ACP that provides up to a 30 monthly discount for most eligible customers paid to the household s broadband provider. We elected to participate in the EBBP and ACP, and the FCC regulates many of the terms on which we provide ACP services, including restrictions on our ability to refuse service to prospective eligible customers based upon their credit or payment history. The ACP discount enables eligible households to purchase our Spectrum Internet Assist service at no cost to them, and we cannot predict whether Congress or the FCC will provide additional funding to extend the ACP, or on what terms, when ACP funding runs out, which is expected to be at some point in 2024. 
 
 Wireline Voice Service 
 
 The FCC has never classified the VoIP wireline telephone services we offer as telecommunications services that are subject to traditional federal common carrier regulation, but instead has imposed some of these regulatory requirements on a case-by-case basis, such as requirements relating to 911 emergency services E911 ), Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act CALEA (the statute governing law enforcement access to and surveillance of communications), Universal Service Fund contributions, customer privacy and Customer Proprietary Network Information protections, number portability, network outage reporting, rural call completion, disability access, regulatory fees, back-up power, robocall mitigation and discontinuance of service. It is possible that the FCC or Congress will impose additional federal requirements on our VoIP telephone services in the future. 
 
 Our VoIP telephone services are subject to certain state and local regulatory fees such as E911 fees and contributions to state universal service funds. Additionally, to comply with RDOF program requirements, we have chosen in the RDOF areas to offer Lifeline VoIP telephone services subject to traditional federal and state common carrier regulations. Except where we have chosen to offer VoIP telephone services in such a manner, we believe that our VoIP telephone services should be governed primarily by federal regulation. A federal appellate court affirmed our successful challenge to Minnesota's attempt to generally apply telephone regulation to our VoIP services, but that ruling is limited to the seven states in the 8th Circuit. Some states have attempted to subject cable VoIP services, such as our VoIP telephone service, to state level regulation. California has imposed reporting and other obligations on our VoIP services, including backup power requirements, and has proposed the imposition of service quality metrics on VoIP services. We have registered with or obtained certificates or authorizations from the FCC and the state regulatory authorities in those states in which we offer competitive voice services in order to ensure the continuity of our services. However, it is unclear whether and how these and other ongoing regulatory matters ultimately will be resolved. State regulatory commissions and legislatures may continue to consider imposing regulatory requirements on our fixed telephone services. 
 
 Mobile Service 
 
 Our Spectrum Mobile service offers mobile Internet access and telephone service. We provide this service as an MVNO using Verizon s network and our network through Spectrum WiFi. As an MVNO, we are subject to many of the same FCC regulations that apply to facilities-based wireless carriers, as well as certain state or local regulations, including (but not limited to): E911, local number portability, customer privacy, CALEA, universal service fund contribution, robocall mitigation and hearing aid compatibility and safety and emission requirements for mobile devices. Spectrum Mobile s broadband Internet access service is also subject to the FCC s transparency rule. The FCC or other regulatory authorities may adopt new or different regulations for MVNOs and/or mobile service providers in the future, or impose new taxes or fees applicable to Spectrum Mobile, which could adversely affect the service offering or our business generally. For example, California has proposed the imposition of service quality metrics on mobile services. 
 
 Privacy and Information Security Regulation 
 
 The Communications Act limits our ability to collect, use, and disclose customers personally identifiable information for our Internet, video and voice services. We are subject to additional federal, state, and local laws and regulations that impose additional restrictions on the collection, use and disclosure of consumer information. All broadband providers are also obliged by CALEA to configure their networks in a manner that facilitates the ability of state and federal law enforcement, with proper legal process authorized under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, to obtain records and information concerning our customers, including the content of their communications. Further, the FCC, Federal Trade Commission FTC ), and many states regulate and restrict the marketing practices of communications service providers, including telemarketing and sending unsolicited commercial emails. The FTC currently has the authority, pursuant to its general authority to enforce against unfair or deceptive acts and practices, to protect the privacy of Internet service customers, including our use and disclosure of certain customer information. 
 
 16 

Our operations are also subject to federal and state laws governing information security. In the event of an information security breach, such rules may require consumer and government agency notification and may result in regulatory enforcement actions with the potential of monetary forfeitures. The FCC, the FTC and state attorneys general regularly bring enforcement actions against companies related to information security breaches and privacy violations. 
 
 Various security standards provide guidance to telecommunications companies in order to help identify and mitigate cybersecurity risks. One such standard is the voluntary framework released by the National Institute for Standards and Technology NIST in 2014 and updated in 2018, in cooperation with other federal agencies and owners and operators of U.S. critical infrastructure. The NIST cybersecurity framework provides a prioritized and flexible model for organizations to identify and manage cyber risks inherent to their business. It was designed to supplement, not supersede, existing cybersecurity regulations and requirements. Several government agencies have encouraged compliance with the NIST cybersecurity framework, including the FCC and Department of Homeland Security s Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency CISA ). We voluntarily follow NIST as part of our overall cybersecurity program. The FCC is considering expansion of its cybersecurity guidelines or the adoption of cybersecurity requirements. CISA is also developing cyber incident reporting rules, pursuant to 2022 legislative requirements, that require critical infrastructure entities to report substantial cyber incidents within 72 hours of their discovery. 
 
 Many states and local authorities have considered legislative or other actions that would impose restrictions on our ability to collect, use and disclose, and safeguard certain consumer information, particularly with regard to our broadband Internet business. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA and Maine s Act to Protect Privacy of Online Customer Information both became effective in 2020. The CCPA, under certain circumstances, regulates companies use and disclosure of the personal information of California residents and authorizes enforcement actions by the California Attorney General and private class actions for data breaches. In addition, effective January 1, 2023, the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act CPRA amended CCPA to impose additional obligations on companies that handle the personal information of California residents. The Maine law regulates how Internet service providers use and disclose customers personal information and requires Internet service providers to take reasonable measures to protect customers personal information. Virginia's new privacy law became effective on January 1, 2023, and Colorado and Connecticut's new privacy laws will become effective later in 2023. Each of these laws will regulate the way that companies collect, use, and share personal information about consumers. Several other state legislatures are considering the adoption of new data security and cybersecurity legislation that could result in additional network and information security requirements for our business. The FTC has launched an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ANPR to explore rules related to the collection, analysis, and monetization of consumers' information. Congress may also adopt new privacy and data security obligations. We cannot predict whether any of these efforts will be successful or preempted, or how new legislation and regulations, if any, would affect our business. 
 
 Remaining Commitments Related to the 2016 Merger with TWC and Acquisition of Bright House 
 
 In connection with approval of the 2016 merger with TWC and acquisition of Bright House (the Transactions ), federal and state regulators imposed a number of post-transaction conditions on us, many of which have been fulfilled or have terminated. Remaining federal commitments will expire in 2023 and include the following. 
 
 FCC Conditions 
 
 Refrain from charging usage-based prices or imposing data caps on any fixed mass market broadband Internet access service plans for seven years; and 
 Continue to support CableCARDs for use in third-party retail devices for seven years to the extent applicable following the FCC s modification of the relevant rules in 2020. 
 
 The FCC conditions also contain a number of compliance reporting requirements. 
 
 DOJ Conditions 
 
 The DOJ Order prohibits us from entering into or enforcing any agreement with a video programmer that forbids, limits or creates incentives to limit the video programmer s provision of content to online video distributors OVDs ). We will not be able to avail ourselves of other distributors most favored nation MFN provisions if they are inconsistent with this prohibition. The DOJ s conditions are effective for seven years after entry of the final judgment in September 2016. 

17 

Human Capital Management 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 101,700 active full-time equivalent employees. The vast majority of our employees sell or service our products. We believe that attracting, developing and retaining our highly-skilled workforce is critical to successfully executing our operating strategy. With competitive wages, robust and affordable healthcare benefits, a generous retirement program with company match, and opportunities for job training and advancement, our employees develop skills and expertise necessary to build a long and successful career with us. In addition, the diversity of the communities we serve is reflected in our workforce, and our success in serving these communities requires a commitment to diversity and inclusion in every aspect of our business. We value the unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences of our employees. Embracing these differences brings us together for the common mission of exceeding our customers needs. There are several ways in which we attract, develop, and retain highly qualified talent, including: 
 
 Pay and Benefits 
 
 We provide compensation packages that are market competitive, taking into account the location and responsibilities of the role. 
 All hourly employees have a starting minimum wage of at least 20 per hour, which is well above any state or federal minimum wage level. 
 Nearly 85 of our employees are eligible for additional variable compensation based on their performance (e.g., annual performance bonus or sales commission). 
 We offer enhanced career progression opportunities, including annual bonus eligibility for all frontline supervisors and other salaried employees not already on a commission or bonus plan. 
 We provide high-quality, comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage for all full-time and part-time employees. It is our priority to keep this coverage affordable for our employees and their families, and so for the last ten years, we have absorbed the full premium cost increase for medical, dental, and vision coverage. 
 We provide competitive financial benefits to all employees such as a 401(k) retirement plan with a dollar for dollar company match up to 6 of their eligible pay. In addition, most of our employees are also eligible to receive an additional non-elective contribution equal to 3 of their eligible pay. 
 We have a stock incentive plan and grant equity awards to eligible employees on an annual basis. 
 
 Training and Development 
 
 The substantial skills, experience and industry knowledge of our employees and our training of our customer-facing employees benefit our operations and performance. We offer thousands of learning experiences spanning leadership development, new hire, and professional skills training both online and in the classroom. 
 In 2022, we increased our education assistance benefit to provide reimbursement of up to 10,000 per year. 
 The vast majority of our customer-facing roles have the opportunity for upward advancement including through supervisory and leadership roles. Our Field Operations organization has a formalized self-progression structure where employees who maintain exceptional levels of performance can complete online coursework to advance to next level within their job family. 
 Our Broadband Technician Apprenticeship Program is one of our promising strategies for building our skilled workforce. This program, certified by the U.S. Department of Labor, is aligned with our broadband technician career progression and includes thousands of hours of on-the-job training along with classroom instruction. When enrolled employees complete the program, they become certified broadband technicians. 
 We conduct annual talent planning to review the overall performance of our leaders and their potential to serve in larger, more complex roles. Executive leadership reviews the results of talent conversations, which open possibilities for career growth opportunities and cross-organizational movement. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 We are committed to diversity and inclusion in every aspect of our business. We strive to deliver high quality products and services that exceed our customers expectations, and embrace the unique perspectives and experiences of our employees and partners and the communities we serve. 
 We have five Business Resource Groups BRGs focused on people with disabilities, the LGBTQ community, employees with multicultural backgrounds, veterans and women. These voluntary groups connect employees with shared characteristics, life experiences, and interests, and enable them to engage in activities that advance our culture of inclusion and contribute to business success. Our BRGs have empowered our team members to grow and succeed by providing networking, mentorship and skill-building opportunities. 
 
 18 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. 
 
 The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and has become more so in recent years. In some instances, we compete against companies with fewer regulatory burdens, access to better financing and greater and more favorable brand name recognition. Increasing consolidation in the telecommunications and content industries have provided additional benefits to certain of our competitors, either through access to financing, resources, or efficiencies of scale including the ability to launch new video services. 
 
 Our Internet service faces competition from other companies FTTH, fixed wireless broadband, Internet delivered via satellite and DSL services. Various operators offer wireless Internet services delivered over networks which they continue to enhance to deliver faster speeds and also continue to expand 5G mobile services. Our voice and mobile services compete with wireless and wireline phone providers, as well as other forms of communication, such as text, instant messaging, social networking services, video conferencing and email. Competition from these companies, including intensive marketing efforts with aggressive pricing and exclusive programming, may have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain customers. 
 
 Our video service faces competition from a number of sources, including DBS services, and companies that deliver linear network programming, movies and television shows on demand and other video content over broadband Internet connections to televisions, computers, tablets and mobile devices often with password sharing among multiple users and security that makes content susceptible to piracy. Newer products and services, particularly alternative methods for the distribution, sale and viewing of content will likely continue to be developed, further increasing the number of competitors that we face. 
 
 The increasing number of choices available to audiences, including low-cost or free choices, could negatively impact not only consumer demand for our products and services, but also advertisers willingness to purchase advertising from us. We compete for the sale of advertising revenue with television networks and stations, as well as other advertising platforms, such as online media, radio and print. Competition related to our service offerings to businesses continues to increase as well, as more companies deploy more fiber to more buildings, which may negatively impact our growth and put pressure on margins. 
 
 A failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in customer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position with respect to the leisure time and discretionary spending of our customers and, as a result, affect our business and results of operations. Competition may also reduce our expected growth of future cash flows which may contribute to future impairments of our franchises and goodwill and our ability to meet cash flow requirements, including debt service requirements. For additional information regarding the competition we face, see Item 1. Business -Competition and -Regulation and Legislation. 
 
 We depend on third-party service providers, suppliers and licensors; thus, if we are unable to procure the necessary services, equipment, software or licenses on reasonable terms and on a timely basis, our ability to offer services could be impaired, and our growth, operations, business, financial results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We depend on a limited number of third-party service providers, suppliers and licensors to supply some of the services, hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide some of our services and execute our network evolution and rural construction initiatives. Some of our hardware, software and operational support vendors, and service providers represent our sole source of supply or have, either through contract or as a result of intellectual property rights, a position of some exclusivity. Our ability to provide some services and complete our network evolution and rural construction initiatives might be materially adversely affected, or the need to procure or develop alternative sources of the affected materials or services might interrupt or delay our ability to serve existing and new customers, if any of these parties experience or engage in the following: 
 
 breach or terminate or elect not to renew their agreements with us or otherwise fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner; 
 demand exceeds these vendors capacity; 
 tariffs are imposed that impact vendors' ability to perform their obligations or significantly increase the amount we pay; 
 experience operating or financial difficulties; 
 
 19 

significantly increase the amount we are required to pay (including demands for substantial non-monetary compensation) for necessary products or services; or 
 cease production of any necessary product due to lack of demand, profitability or a change in ownership or are otherwise unable to provide the equipment or services we need in a timely manner at our specifications and at reasonable prices. 
 
 Our third-party service providers, suppliers and licensors have been disrupted by worker absenteeism, quarantines, restrictions on employees ability to work, office and factory closures, disruptions to ports and other shipping infrastructure, border closures, or other travel or health-related restrictions over the last three years. In addition, the existence of only a limited number of vendors of key technologies can lead to less product innovation and higher costs. These events could materially and adversely affect our ability to retain and attract customers and our operations, business, financial results and financial condition. 
 
 We may not have the ability to pass on to our customers all of the increases in programming costs, which could adversely affect our cash flow and operating margins. 
 
 Programming costs are our single largest expense item. Our programming costs have historically increased in excess of customary inflationary and cost-of-living type increases. While decreases in video customers combined with a change in the mix of customers choosing lower cost packages have lowered total programming cost increases, we expect contractual programming rates per service subscriber to continue to increase as a result of annual increases pursuant to our programming contracts and contract renewals with programmers. Although we pass along amounts paid for local broadcast station retransmission consent to the majority of our customers, the inability to fully pass programming cost increases on to our customers has had, and is expected in the future to have, an adverse impact on our cash flow and operating margins associated with the video product. Additionally, the demands of large media companies, with additional selling power as a result of media and broadcast station groups consolidation, who link carriage of their most popular networks to carriage and cost increases of their less popular networks, and require us to carry their most popular networks to a large percentage of our video subscribers, have limited our flexibility in selling more tailored and cost-sensitive programming packages for consumers. In order to mitigate impacts to our operating margins due to increasing programming rates, we continue to review our pricing and programming packaging strategies. 
 
 Increases in the cost of sports programming and the amounts paid for local broadcast station retransmission consent have been the largest contributors to the growth in our programming costs over the last few years. Federal law allows commercial television broadcast stations to make an election between must-carry rights and an alternative retransmission-consent regime. When a station opts for the retransmission consent regime, we are not allowed to carry the station s signal without that station s permission. In retransmission-consent negotiations, broadcasters often condition consent with respect to one station on carriage of one or more other stations or programming services in which they or their affiliates have an interest. Carriage of these other services, as well as increased fees for retransmission rights, may increase our programming expenses and diminish the amount of capacity we have available to introduce new services, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 
 Our programming contracts are generally for a fixed period of time, with potentially significant spend subject to negotiated renewal in any particular year. We will seek to renew these agreements on terms that we believe are favorable. There can be no assurance that these agreements will be renewed on favorable or comparable terms. To the extent that we are unable to reach agreement with certain programmers on terms that we believe are reasonable, we have been, and may in the future be, forced to remove such programming channels from our line-up, which may result in a loss of customers. Any failure to carry programming that is attractive to our customers could adversely impact our customer levels, operations and financial results. 
 
 Any failure to respond to technological developments and meet customer demand for new products and services could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environment. From time to time, we may pursue strategic initiatives to launch products or enhancements to our products. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers changing demands and distinguish our services from those of our competitors. We may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new products and services. If we choose technologies or equipment that are less effective, cost-efficient or attractive to customers than those chosen by our competitors, if technologies or equipment on which we have chosen to rely cease to be available to us on reasonable terms or conditions, if we offer services that fail to appeal to consumers, are not available at competitive prices or that do not function as expected, if we are not able to fund the expenditures necessary to keep pace with technological developments, or if we are no longer able to make our services available to our customers on a third- 
 
 20 

party device on which a substantial number of customers have relied to access our services, our competitive position could deteriorate, and our business and financial results could suffer. 
 
 The ability of some of our competitors to introduce new technologies, products and services more quickly than we do may adversely affect our competitive position. Furthermore, advances in technology, decreases in the cost of existing technologies or changes in competitors product and service offerings may require us in the future to make additional research and development expenditures or to offer, at no additional charge or at a lower price, certain products and services that we currently offer to customers separately or at a premium. In addition, the uncertainty of our ability, and the costs, to obtain intellectual property rights from third parties could impact our ability to respond to technological advances in a timely and effective manner. 
 
 Any failure to maintain and expand our upgraded systems and provide advanced services in a timely manner, or to anticipate the demands of the marketplace, could materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. In addition, as we continue to grow our mobile services using virtual network operator rights from a third party, we expect continued growth-related sales and marketing and other customer acquisition costs as well as negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we provide devices pursuant to equipment installation plans. We also continue to consider and pursue opportunities in the mobile space which may include the acquisition of additional licensed spectrum and may include entering into or expanding joint ventures or partnerships with wireless or cable providers which may require significant investment. For example, we now hold CBRS PALs to support existing and future mobile services. These licenses are subject to revocation and expiration. Although we expect to be able to maintain and renew these licenses, the loss of one or more licenses could significantly impair our ability to offload mobile traffic and achieve cost reductions. If we are unable to continue to grow our mobile business and achieve the outcomes we expect from our investments in the mobile business, our growth, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business may be adversely affected if we cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our business depends. 
 
 We rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and licenses and other agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers and other parties to establish and maintain our intellectual property rights in technology and the products and services used in our operations. Also, because of the rapid pace of technological change, we both develop our own technologies, products and services and rely on technologies developed or licensed by third parties. However, any of our intellectual property rights, or the rights of our suppliers, could be challenged or invalidated, or such intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current industry trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product or service offerings or other competitive harm. We may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from these third parties on reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, claims of intellectual property infringement could require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, which could require us to change our business practices or offerings and limit our ability to compete effectively. Even unsuccessful claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend and may divert management s attention and resources away from our business. Infringement claims continue to be brought frequently in the communications and entertainment industries, and we are also often a party to such litigation alleging that certain of our services or technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others. 
 
 Various events could disrupt or result in unauthorized access to our networks, information systems or properties and could impair our operating activities and negatively impact our reputation and financial results. 
 
 Network and information systems technologies are critical to our operating activities, both for our internal uses, such as network management, and supplying services to our customers, including customer service operations and programming delivery. Network or information system shutdowns or other service disruptions caused by events such as computer hacking, phishing, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software, cyber attacks such as ransomware, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity pose increasing risks. Both unsuccessful and successful cyber attacks on companies have continued to increase in frequency, scope and potential harm in recent years. While we develop and maintain systems seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as techniques used in such attacks become more sophisticated and change frequently. We, and the third parties on which we rely, may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. While from time to time attempts 
 
 21 

have been made to access our network, these events have not as yet resulted in any material release of information, degradation or disruption to our network and information systems. 
 
 Our network and information systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, accidents, natural disasters (including extreme weather arising from short-term or any long-term changes in weather patterns), terrorist attacks and similar events. Our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. 
 
 Any of these events, if directed at, or experienced by, us or technologies upon which we depend, could have adverse consequences on our network, our customers and our business, including degradation of service, service disruption, excessive call volume to call centers, and damage to our or our customers equipment and data. Large expenditures may be necessary to repair or replace damaged property, networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. Moreover, the amount and scope of insurance that we maintain against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to our business that may result. Any such significant service disruption could result in damage to our reputation and credibility, customer dissatisfaction and ultimately a loss of customers or revenue. Any significant loss of customers or revenue, or significant increase in costs of serving those customers, could adversely affect our growth, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Furthermore, our operating activities could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors, including customer, personnel and vendor data. We provide certain confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties in connection with our business, and there is a risk that this information may be compromised. 
 
 We process, store, and transmit large amounts of data, including the personal information of our customers. Ongoing increases in the potential for misuse of personal information, the public s awareness of the importance of safeguarding personal information, and the volume of legislation that has been adopted or is being considered regarding the protection, privacy, and security of personal information have resulted in increases to our information-related risks. We could be exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such events could damage our reputation, credibility and business and have a negative impact on our revenue. We could be subject to regulatory actions and claims made by consumers in private litigations involving privacy issues related to consumer data collection and use practices. We also could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach. 
 
 Our exposure to the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, vendors and third parties could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are exposed to risks associated with the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, the potential financial instability of our customers and their financial ability to purchase our products. If there were a prolonged general economic downturn, we may experience increased cancellations or non-payment by our customers or unfavorable changes in the mix of products purchased. This may include an increase in the number of homes that replace their video service with Internet-delivered and/or over-air content, as well as an increase in the number of Internet and voice customers substituting mobile data and voice products for wireline services, which would negatively impact our ability to attract customers, increase rates and maintain or increase revenue. In addition, our ability to gain new customers is dependent to some extent on growth in occupied housing in our service areas, which is influenced by both national and local economic conditions. Weak economic conditions may also have a negative impact on our advertising revenue. These events have adversely affected us in the past, and may adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition if a downturn were to continue. 
 
 In addition, we are susceptible to risks associated with the potential financial instability of the vendors and third parties on which we rely to provide products and services or to which we outsource certain functions. The same economic conditions that may affect our customers, as well as volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets, also could adversely affect vendors and third parties and lead to significant increases in prices, reduction in output or the bankruptcy of our vendors or third parties upon which we rely. Any interruption in the services provided by our vendors or by third parties could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operation and financial condition. 
 
 If we are unable to retain key employees, our ability to manage our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our operational results have depended, and our future results will depend, upon the retention and continued performance of our management team. Our ability to retain and hire new key employees for management positions could be impacted adversely by the competitive environment for management talent in the broadband communications and technology industries. The loss of 
 
 22 

the services of key members of management and the inability or delay in hiring new key employees could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and our future operational and financial results. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 We have a significant amount of debt and expect to incur significant additional debt, including secured debt, in the future, which could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to react to changes in our business. 
 
 We have a significant amount of debt and expect to (subject to applicable restrictions in our debt instruments) incur additional debt in the future as we maintain our stated objective of 4.0 to 4.5 times Adjusted EBITDA leverage (net debt divided by the last twelve months Adjusted EBITDA). As of December 31, 2022, our total principal amount of debt was approximately 97.4 billion with a leverage ratio of 4.47 times Adjusted EBITDA. As of December 31, 2022, 70.7 billion of our debt was rated investment grade and 26.7 billion was rated high yield debt. This split rating allows us to access both the investment grade debt market and the high yield debt market. 
 
 Our significant amount of debt could have consequences, such as: 
 
 impact our ability to raise additional capital at reasonable rates, or at all; 
 make us vulnerable to interest rate increases, in part because approximately 15 of our borrowings as of December 31, 2022 were, and may continue to be, subject to variable rates of interest; 
 expose us to increased interest expense to the extent we refinance existing debt with higher cost debt; 
 require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operating activities to make payments on our debt, reducing our funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate expenses; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business, the cable and telecommunications industries, and the economy at large; 
 place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have proportionately less debt; and 
 adversely affect our relationship with customers and suppliers. 
 
 To the extent our current debt amounts increase more than expected, our business results are lower than expected, or credit rating agencies downgrade our debt limiting our access to investment grade markets, the related risks that we now face will intensify. 
 
 In addition, a portion of our variable rate indebtedness may use London Interbank Offering Rate LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the rate. The United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, stopped publishing one week and 2 month U.S. Dollar USD LIBOR rates after 2021 with remaining USD LIBOR rates ceasing to be published after June 30, 2023. In the United States, the U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, has proposed the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements backed by Treasury securities, as an alternative to LIBOR. In addition, the overall financial markets may be disrupted as a result of the phase-out or replacement of LIBOR. Uncertainty as to the nature of such phase out and selection of an alternative reference rate, together with disruption in the financial markets, could increase the cost of our variable rate indebtedness. 
 
 As a result of the pending cessation of LIBOR, we amended the Charter Operating credit agreement to replace LIBOR with SOFR as the interest rate benchmark for the revolving credit facility and certain of the term loans thereunder. SOFR may fluctuate based on general economic conditions, general interest rates, Federal Reserve rates and the supply of and demand for credit in the market. 
 
 The agreements and instruments governing our debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity. 
 
 The indentures governing the CCO Holdings, LLC ("CCO Holdings") notes contain a number of significant covenants that could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, our liquidity, and our results of operations. These covenants restrict, among other things, CCO Holdings, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and all of their restricted subsidiaries ability to: 
 
 incur additional debt; 
 pay dividends on equity or repurchase equity; 
 make investments; 
 sell all or substantially all of their assets or merge with or into other companies; 
 
 23 

sell assets; 
 in the case of restricted subsidiaries, create or permit to exist dividend or payment restrictions with respect to CCO Holdings, guarantee their parent companies debt, or issue specified equity interests; 
 engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and 
 grant liens (with respect to only CCO Holdings). 
 
 Additionally, the Charter Operating credit facilities require Charter Operating to comply with a maximum total leverage covenant and a maximum first lien leverage covenant. The Charter Operating credit facilities, the Charter Operating notes, the TWC, LLC senior notes and debentures, and the TWCE debentures include customary negative covenants, including restrictions on the ability to incur liens securing indebtedness for borrowed money and consolidating, merging or conveying or transferring substantially all of the respective obligor s assets. The breach of any covenants or obligations in our indentures or credit facilities, not otherwise waived or amended, could result in a default under the applicable debt obligations and could trigger acceleration of those obligations, which in turn could trigger cross defaults under other agreements governing our long-term indebtedness. In addition, the secured lenders under our secured notes and the Charter Operating credit facilities could foreclose on their collateral, which includes equity interests in substantially all of our subsidiaries, and exercise other rights of secured creditors. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership Position of Liberty Broadband Corporation and Advance/Newhouse Partnership 
 
 Liberty Broadband Corporation ("Liberty Broadband") and Advance/Newhouse Partnership A/N have governance rights that give them influence over corporate transactions and other matters. 
 
 Liberty Broadband currently owns a significant amount of Charter Class A common stock and is entitled to certain governance rights with respect to Charter. A/N currently owns Charter Class A common stock and a significant amount of membership interests in our subsidiary Charter Holdings, which are convertible into Charter Class A common stock, and is entitled to certain governance rights with respect to Charter. Members of the Charter board of directors include a director who is also an officer and director of Liberty Broadband and directors who are current or former officers and directors of A/N. Mr. Greg Maffei is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Liberty Broadband. Steven Miron is the Chief Executive Officer of A/N and Michael Newhouse is co-president of the parent of A/N and its affiliates. As of December 31, 2022, Liberty Broadband beneficially held approximately 27.64 of Charter s voting stock and A/N beneficially held approximately 12.48 of Charter s voting stock. Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement among Charter, Liberty Broadband and A/N, dated as of May 23, 2015 (as amended, the Stockholders Agreement ), Liberty Broadband currently has the right to designate up to three directors as nominees for Charter s board of directors and A/N currently has the right to designate up to two directors as nominees for Charter s board of directors. Each of A/N and Liberty Broadband is entitled to nominate at least one director to each of the committees of Charter's board of directors, subject to applicable stock exchange listing rules and certain specified voting or equity ownership thresholds for each of A/N and Liberty Broadband, and provided that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Compensation and Benefit Committee each have at least a majority of directors independent from A/N, Liberty Broadband and Charter (referred to as the unaffiliated directors in the Stockholders Agreement). 
 
 The Stockholders Agreement and Charter s amended and restated certificate of incorporation fixes the size of the board at 13 directors. Liberty Broadband and A/N are required to vote (subject to the applicable voting cap) their respective shares of Charter Class A common stock and Charter Class B common stock for the director nominees nominated by the nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors, including the respective designees of Liberty Broadband and A/N, and against any other nominees, except that, with respect to the unaffiliated directors, Liberty Broadband and A/N must instead vote in the same proportion as the voting securities are voted by stockholders other than A/N and Liberty Broadband or any group which includes any of them are voted, if doing so would cause a different outcome with respect to the unaffiliated directors. As a result of their rights under the Stockholders Agreement and their significant equity and voting stakes in Charter, Liberty Broadband and/or A/N, who may have interests different from those of other stockholders, will be able to exercise substantial influence over certain matters relating to the governance of Charter, including the approval of significant corporate actions, such as mergers and other business combination transactions. 
 
 The Stockholders Agreement provides A/N and Liberty Broadband with preemptive rights with respect to issuances of Charter equity in connection with certain transactions, and in the event that A/N or Liberty Broadband exercises these rights, holders of Charter Class A common stock may experience further dilution. 
 
 The Stockholders Agreement provides that A/N and Liberty Broadband will have certain contractual preemptive rights over issuances of Charter equity securities in connection with capital raising transactions. Holders of Charter Class A common stock will not be entitled to similar preemptive rights with respect to such transactions. As a result, if Liberty Broadband and/or A/N 
 
 24 

elect to exercise their preemptive rights, (i) these parties would not experience the dilution experienced by the other holders of Charter Class A common stock, and (ii) such other holders of Charter Class A common stock may experience further dilution of their interest in Charter upon such exercise. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulatory and Legislative Matters 
 
 Our business is subject to extensive governmental legislation and regulation, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Regulation of the cable industry has increased cable operators operational and administrative expenses and limited their revenues. Cable operators are subject to numerous laws and regulations including those covering the following: 
 
 the provision of high-speed Internet service, including net neutrality and broadband label transparency rules; 
 the provision of voice communications, including rules for emergency communications, outage reporting, Customer Proprietary Network Information CPNI reporting and efforts to limit unwanted robocalls; 
 cable franchise renewals and transfers; 
 the provisioning, marketing and billing of cable and Internet equipment; 
 customer and employee privacy and data security; 
 copyright royalties for retransmitting broadcast signals; 
 the circumstances when a cable system must carry a broadcast station and the circumstances when it first must obtain retransmission consent to carry a broadcast station; 
 limitations on our ability to enter into exclusive agreements with multiple dwelling unit complexes and control our inside wiring; 
 equal employment opportunity; 
 the resiliency of our networks to maintain service during and after disasters and power outages; 
 emergency alert systems, disability access, pole attachments, commercial leased access and technical standards; 
 marketing practices, customer service, and consumer protection; and 
 approval for mergers and acquisitions often accompanied by the imposition of restrictions and requirements on an applicant s business in order to secure approval of the proposed transaction. 
 
 Legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or prescribe new ones. Any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses. 
 
 Changes to existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or adoption of new ones, or participation in new regulatory programs, could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 There are ongoing efforts to amend or expand the federal, state, and local regulation of some of the services offered over our cable systems, particularly our retail broadband Internet access service. Potential legislative and regulatory changes could adversely impact our business by increasing our costs and competition and limiting our ability to offer services in a manner that would maximize our revenue potential. These changes could include, for example, the reclassification of Internet services as regulated telecommunications services or other utility-style regulation of Internet services; restrictions on how we manage our Internet access services and networks; the adoption of new privacy restrictions on our collection, use and disclosure of certain customer information; new data security and cybersecurity mandates that could result in additional network and information security and cyber incident reporting requirements for our business; new restraints on our discretion over programming decisions; new restrictions on the rates we charge to consumers for one or more of the services or equipment options we offer; changes to the cable industry s compulsory copyright license to carry broadcast signals; new requirements to assure the availability of navigation devices from third-party providers; new Universal Service Fund contribution obligations on our Internet service revenues that would add to the cost of that service; increases in government-administered broadband subsidies to rural areas that could result in subsidized overbuilding of our facilities; the exhaustion of funding for the FCC s ACP or any changes to that program that could make it more difficult for us to provide services to low-income consumers; changes to the FCC s administration of spectrum; pending court challenges to the legality of the FCC s Universal Service programs, which, if successful, could adversely affect our receipt of universal service funds, including but not limited to FCC RDOF grants to expand our network, FCC E-rate funds to serve schools and libraries and FCC Rural Health Care funds to serve eligible health care providers; and changes in the regulatory framework for VoIP telephone service, including the scope of regulatory obligations associated with our VoIP telephone service and our ability to interconnect our VoIP telephone service with incumbent providers of traditional telecommunications service. 

25 

As a winning bidder in the FCC s RDOF auction in 2020, we must comply with numerous FCC and state requirements to continue receiving such funding. To comply with these requirements, in RDOF areas, we have chosen to offer certain of our VoIP telephone services, such as our Lifeline services, subject to certain traditional federal and state common carrier regulations. Additionally, in some areas where we are building pursuant to subsidy programs, we will offer certain of our broadband Internet access services subject to required discounts and other marketing-related terms. If we fail to comply with those requirements, the governing regulatory agency could consider us in default and we could incur substantial penalties or forfeitures. If we fail to attain certain specified infrastructure build-out requirements under the RDOF program, the FCC could also withhold future support payments until those shortcomings are corrected. Any failure to comply with the rules and requirements of a subsidy grant could result in us being suspended or disbarred from future governmental programs or contracts for a significant period of time, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 If any laws or regulations are enacted that would expand the regulation of our services, they could affect our operations and require significant expenditures. We cannot predict future developments in these areas, and any changes to the regulatory framework for our Internet, video, mobile or VoIP services could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. 
 
 It remains uncertain what rule changes, if any, will ultimately be adopted by Congress, the FCC and state legislatures, and what operating or financial impact any such rules might have on us, including on the operation of our broadband networks, customer privacy and the user experience. In addition, the FCC, the FTC, and various state agencies and attorney generals actively investigate industry practices and could impose substantial forfeitures for alleged regulatory violations. 
 
 Tax legislation and administrative initiatives or challenges to our tax and fee positions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We operate cable systems in locations throughout the United States and, as a result, we are subject to the tax laws and regulations of federal, state and local governments. From time to time, legislative and administrative bodies change laws and regulations that change our effective tax rate or tax payments. Certain states and localities have imposed or are considering imposing new or additional taxes or fees on our services or changing the methodologies or base on which certain fees and taxes are computed. Potential changes include additional taxes or fees on our services which could impact our customers, changes to income tax sourcing rules and other changes to general business taxes, central/unit-level assessment of property taxes and other matters that could increase our income, franchise, sales, use and/or property tax liabilities. In addition, federal, state and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. There can be no assurance that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge. 
 
 Our cable system franchises are subject to non-renewal or termination and are non-exclusive. The failure to renew a franchise or the grant of additional franchises in one or more service areas could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our cable systems generally operate pursuant to franchises, permits, and similar authorizations issued by a state or local governmental authority controlling the public rights-of-way. Many franchises establish comprehensive facilities and service requirements, as well as specific customer service standards and monetary penalties for non-compliance. In many cases, franchises are terminable if the franchisee fails to comply with significant provisions set forth in the franchise agreement governing system operations. Franchises are generally granted for fixed terms and must be periodically renewed. Franchising authorities may resist granting a renewal if either past performance or the prospective operating proposal is considered inadequate. Franchise authorities often demand concessions or other commitments as a condition to renewal. In some instances, local franchises have not been renewed at expiration, and we have operated and are operating under either temporary operating agreements or without a franchise while negotiating renewal terms with the local franchising authorities. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with all significant provisions of our franchise agreements and certain of our franchisors have from time to time alleged that we have not complied with these agreements. Additionally, although historically we have renewed our franchises without incurring significant costs, we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew, or to renew as favorably, our franchises in the future. A termination of or a sustained failure to renew a franchise in one or more service areas could adversely affect our business in the affected geographic area. 
 
 Our cable system franchises are non-exclusive. Consequently, local and state franchising authorities can grant additional franchises to competitors in the same geographic area or operate their own cable systems. In some cases, local government entities and municipal utilities may legally compete with us on more favorable terms. 

26 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 Our principal physical assets consist of cable distribution plant and equipment, including signal receiving, encoding and decoding devices, headend reception facilities, distribution systems, and customer premise equipment for each of our cable systems. 
 
 Our cable plant and related equipment are generally attached to utility poles under pole rental agreements with local public utilities and telephone companies, and in certain locations are buried in underground ducts or trenches. We own or lease real property for signal reception sites, and own our service vehicles. 
 
 We generally lease space for business offices. Our headend and tower locations are located on owned or leased parcels of land, and we generally own the towers on which our equipment is located. 
 
 The physical components of our cable systems require maintenance as well as periodic upgrades to support the new services and products we introduce. See Item 1. Business Our Network Technology. We believe that our properties are generally in good operating condition and are suitable for our business operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 The legal proceedings information set forth in Note 20 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 27 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Charter s Class A common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol CHTR. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 10,000 holders of record of Charter s Class A common stock and one holder of Charter's Class B common stock. Charter has not paid cash dividends on its common stock and does not intend to do so in the foreseeable future. During 2022, there were no unregistered sales of securities of the registrant. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following information is provided as of December 31, 2022 with respect to equity compensation plans: 
 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 10,445,568 (1) 
 414.84 10,478,392 (1) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders TOTAL 10,445,568 (1) 
 10,478,392 (1) 

(1) This total does not include 6,845 shares issued pursuant to restricted stock grants made under our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, which are subject to vesting based on continued service. 
 
 For information regarding securities issued under our equity compensation plans, see Note 16 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The performance graph required by Item 5 will be included in Charter s 2023 Proxy Statement (the Proxy Statement under the headings Compensation Discussion and Analysis, or in amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 
 The following table presents Charter s purchases of equity securities completed during the fourth quarter of 2022 (dollars in millions, except per share data). Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
 October 1 - 31, 2022 1,852,906 336.79 1,848,774 166 November 1 - 30, 2022 817,707 337.34 796,644 202 December 1 - 31, 2022 395,322 362.67 385,676 414 
 
 (1) Includes 4,132, 21,063 and 9,646 shares withheld from employees for the payment of taxes and exercise costs upon the exercise of stock options or vesting of other equity awards for the months of October, November and December 2022, respectively. 
 (2) During the three months ended December 31, 2022, Charter purchased approximately 3.0 million shares of its Class A common stock for approximately 1.0 billion, which includes 1.2 million Charter class A common shares purchased from Liberty Broadband pursuant to the LBB Letter Agreement at an average price per unit of 354.97, or 432 million. Charter Holdings purchased 0.6 million Charter Holdings common units from A/N at an average price per unit of 363.53, or 223 
 
 28 

million during the three months ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, Charter had remaining board authority to purchase an additional 414 million of Charter s Class A common stock and/or Charter Holdings common units, excluding purchases from Liberty Broadband. In addition to open market purchases including pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans adopted from time to time, Charter may also buy shares of Charter Class A common stock, from time to time, pursuant to private transactions outside of its Rule 10b5-1 plan and any such repurchases may also trigger the repurchases from A/N pursuant to and to the extent provided in the A/N Letter Agreement or Liberty pursuant to the LBB Letter Agreement. See "Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources." 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Reference is made to Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, which describe important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations and non-historical information contained herein. In addition, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto of Charter included in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a leading broadband connectivity company and cable operator serving more than 32 million customers in 41 states through our Spectrum brand. Over an advanced high-capacity, two-way telecommunications network, we offer a full range of state-of-the-art residential and business services including Spectrum Internet, TV, Mobile and Voice. For small and medium-sized companies, Spectrum Business delivers the same suite of broadband products and services coupled with special features and applications to enhance productivity, while for larger businesses and government entities, Spectrum Enterprise provides highly customized, fiber-based solutions. Spectrum Reach delivers tailored advertising and production for the modern media landscape. We also distribute award-winning news coverage and sports programming to our customers through Spectrum Networks. See Part I. Item 1. Business Products and Services for further description of these services, including customer statistics for different services. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we added 1,728,000 mobile lines, 344,000 Internet customers and 126,000 residential and SMB customer relationships, which excludes mobile-only customers. We continue to see lower customer move rates and switching behavior among providers, which has reduced our selling opportunities. In October 2022, we introduced Spectrum One, which brings together Spectrum Internet, Advanced WiFi and Unlimited Spectrum Mobile, to offer consumers fast, reliable and secure online connections on their favorite devices at home and on-the-go in a high-value package which contributed to our increase in mobile lines in the fourth quarter. In 2022, we also made targeted investments in employee wages and benefits inside of our operations to build employee skill sets and tenure as well as continued to invest in digitization of our customer service platforms and proactive maintenance all with the goal of improving the customer experience, reducing transactions and driving customer growth. 
 
 We spent 1.8 billion on our rural construction initiative during the year ended December 31, 2022. We expect that over time, our rural construction initiative will support customer growth and in 2022, we constructed over 200,000 rural passings. In addition, we continue to evolve and upgrade our network to provide higher Internet speeds and reliability and invest in our products and customer service platforms. We currently offer Spectrum Internet products with speeds up to 1 Gbps across our entire footprint and over the next three years, we plan to upgrade our network to provide multi-gigabit speeds. Our Advanced WiFi, a managed WiFi service that provides customers an optimized home network while providing greater control of their connected devices with enhanced security and privacy, is available to nearly all Internet customers. We continue to invest in our ability to provide a differentiated Internet connectivity experience for our mobile and fixed Internet customers with the availability of over 500,000 out of home WiFi access points across our footprint. In addition, we continue to work towards the construction of our own 5G mobile data-only network leveraging our CBRS PALs. By continually improving our product set and offering consumers the opportunity to save money by switching to our services, we believe we can continue to penetrate our expanding footprint and attract more spend on additional products for our existing customers. 

29 

In June 2022, we entered into a joint venture with Comcast to develop and offer a next-generation streaming platform, Xumo, on a variety of streaming devices and smart TVs. Our investment is approximately 981 million with 271 million paid in 2022 and with the remaining non-cancelable required contributions to be paid over multiple years. 
 
 We believe Spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives and increase profitability and cash flow over time. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our mobile product line increased revenues by 3.0 billion and 2.2 billion, respectively, reduced Adjusted EBITDA by approximately 343 million and 311 million, respectively, and reduced free cash flow by approximately 1.1 billion and 853 million, respectively. Mobile Adjusted EBITDA may continue to be negative primarily as a result of growth-related sales and marketing and other customer acquisition costs for mobile services, and depending on the pace of that growth. We also expect to continue to see negative free cash flow from the timing of device-related cash flows when we sell devices to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans and capital expenditures related to CBRS build-out. 
 
 We realized revenue, Adjusted EBITDA and income from operations during the periods presented as follows (in millions; all percentages are calculated using whole numbers; minor differences may exist due to rounding). 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Growth Revenues 54,022 51,682 4.5 Adjusted EBITDA 21,616 20,630 4.8 Income from operations 11,962 10,526 13.6 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income attributable to Charter shareholders plus net income attributable to noncontrolling interest, net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock compensation expense, other income (expenses), net and other operating (income) expenses, net, such as special charges and (gain) loss on sale or retirement of assets. See Use of Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow for further information on Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. 
 
 Growth in total revenue was primarily due to growth in our residential Internet, mobile and commercial customers, price adjustments and higher advertising sales. Adjusted EBITDA growth and changes in income from operations were impacted by growth in revenue and increases in operating costs and expenses, primarily mobile, costs to service customers and marketing. 
 
 Approximately 90 of our revenues for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are attributable to monthly subscription fees charged to customers for our Internet, video, voice, mobile and commercial services as well as regional sports and news channels. Generally, these customer subscriptions may be discontinued by the customer at any time subject to a fee for certain commercial customers. The remaining 10 of revenue is derived primarily from advertising revenues, franchise and other regulatory fee revenues (which are collected by us but then paid to local authorities), sales of mobile and video devices, processing fees or reconnection fees charged to customers to commence or reinstate service, installation, VOD and pay-per-view programming, and commissions related to the sale of merchandise by home shopping services. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Certain of our accounting policies require our management to make difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments. Management has discussed these policies with the Audit Committee of Charter s board of directors, and the Audit Committee has reviewed the following disclosure. We consider the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the estimates, assumptions and judgments that are involved in preparing our financial statements, and the uncertainties that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows: 
 
 Capitalization of labor and overhead costs 
 Income taxes 
 Defined benefit pension plans 
 
 Capitalization of labor and overhead costs 
 
 Costs associated with network construction or upgrades, placement of the customer drop to the dwelling and the placement of outlets within a dwelling along with the costs associated with the deployment of new customer premise equipment necessary to provide Internet, video or voice services, are capitalized. Costs capitalized include materials, direct labor and certain indirect 
 
 30 

costs. These indirect costs consist of compensation and overhead costs associated with support functions. While our capitalization is based on specific activities, once capitalized, we track these costs on a composite basis by fixed asset category at the cable system level, and not on a specific asset basis. For assets that are sold or retired, we remove the estimated applicable cost and accumulated depreciation. The costs of disconnecting service and removing customer premise equipment from a dwelling and the costs to reconnect a customer drop or to redeploy previously installed customer premise equipment are charged to operating expense as incurred. Costs for repairs and maintenance are charged to operating expense as incurred, while plant and equipment replacement, including replacement of certain components, betterments, and replacement of cable drops and outlets, are capitalized. 
 
 We make judgments regarding the installation and construction activities to be capitalized. We capitalized direct labor and overhead of 1.8 billion and 1.7 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We capitalize direct labor and overhead using standards developed from actual costs and applicable operational data. We calculate standards annually (or more frequently if circumstances dictate) for items such as the labor rates, overhead rates, and the actual amount of time required to perform a capitalizable activity. For example, the standard amounts of time required to perform capitalizable activities are based on studies of the time required to perform such activities. Overhead rates are established based on an analysis of the nature of costs incurred in support of capitalizable activities, and a determination of the portion of costs that is directly attributable to capitalizable activities. The impact of changes that resulted from these studies were not material in the periods presented. 
 
 Labor costs directly associated with capital projects are capitalized. Capitalizable activities performed in connection with installations include such activities as: 
 
 dispatching a truck roll to the customer s dwelling or business for service connection or placement of new equipment; 
 costs to package and ship new equipment to a customer's home for self-installation; 
 verification of serviceability to the customer s dwelling or business (i.e., determining whether the customer s dwelling is capable of receiving service by our cable network); 
 customer premise activities performed by in-house field technicians and third-party contractors in connection with the installation, replacement and betterment of equipment and materials to enable Internet, video or voice services; and 
 verifying the integrity of the customer s network connection by initiating test signals downstream from the headend to the customer premise equipment, as well as testing signal levels at the utility pole or pedestal. 
 
 Judgment is required to determine the extent to which overhead costs incurred result from specific capital activities, and therefore should be capitalized. The primary costs that are included in the determination of the overhead rate are (i) employee benefits and payroll taxes associated with capitalized direct labor, (ii) direct variable costs associated with capitalizable activities, (iii) the cost of support personnel, such as care personnel and dispatchers, who assist with capitalizable installation activities, and (iv) indirect costs directly attributable to capitalizable activities. 
 
 While we believe our existing capitalization policies are appropriate, a significant change in the nature or extent of our operating practices could affect management s judgment about the extent to which we should capitalize direct labor or overhead in the future. We monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies, and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies. 
 
 Income taxes 
 
 Charter has federal tax net operating loss carryforwards that expire in 2035 resulting from the operations of Charter Communications Holding Company, LLC and its subsidiaries and from loss carryforwards received as a result of the merger with TWC. In addition, Charter has state tax net operating loss carryforwards that generally expire in the years 2023 through 2042. Such tax loss carryforwards can accumulate and be used to offset Charter s future taxable income. Charter's federal tax loss carryforwards are subject to Section 382 and other restrictions. Charter also has indefinite life carryforwards as a result of Section 163(j) interest limitations. 
 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. In evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, management takes into account various factors, including the expiration date (if any) of such carryforwards, the expected level of future taxable income, available tax planning strategies and reversals of existing taxable temporary differences. 
 
 Approximately 11 million of valuation allowance associated with federal capital loss carryforwards and approximately 29 million of valuation allowance associated with state tax loss carryforwards and other miscellaneous deferred tax assets is 
 
 31 

recorded on the December 31, 2022 consolidated balance sheet. No valuation allowance is deemed necessary as of December 31, 2022 related to the Section 163(j) interest limitation, based on the indefinite life carryforward, expected reversal of various deferred tax liabilities (primarily GAAP fixed asset depreciation), and a history of utilizing interest expense disallowance carryovers. We will continue to monitor this deferred tax asset and update the valuation allowance analysis as needed. 
 
 In determining our tax provision for financial reporting purposes, we establish a reserve for uncertain tax positions unless such positions are determined to be more likely than not of being sustained upon examination, based on their technical merits. In evaluating whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we presume the position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in our financial statements. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized when the position is ultimately resolved. There is considerable judgment involved in determining whether positions taken on the tax return are more likely than not of being sustained. We adjust our uncertain tax reserve estimates periodically because of ongoing examinations by, and settlements with, the various taxing authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations. 
 
 Charter is currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") for income tax purposes for 2016 and 2019. Charter's 2020 and 2021 tax years remain open for examination and assessment. Charter s 2017 and 2018 tax years remain open solely for purposes of loss and credit carryforwards. Charter s short period return dated May 17, 2016 (prior to the merger with TWC and acquisition of Bright House) and prior years remain open solely for purposes of examination of Charter s loss and credit carryforwards. The IRS is currently examining Charter Holdings income tax returns for 2016, 2019 and 2021. Charter Holdings 2020 tax year remains open for examination and assessment, while 2017 and 2018 remain open solely for purposes of credit carryforwards. The IRS is currently examining TWC s income tax returns for 2011 through 2015. Prior to TWC s separation from Time Warner Inc. Time Warner in March 2009, TWC was included in the consolidated U.S. federal and certain state income tax returns of Time Warner. The IRS has examined Time Warner s 2008 through 2010 income tax returns and the appeal results are being evaluated. We do not anticipate that these examinations will have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. In addition, we are also subject to ongoing examinations of our tax returns by state and local tax authorities for various periods. Activity related to these state and local examinations did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, nor do we anticipate a material impact in the future. 
 
 Defined benefit pension plans 
 
 We sponsor qualified and unqualified defined benefit pension plans that provide pension benefits to a majority of employees who were employed by TWC before the merger with TWC. As of December 31, 2022, the accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets was 2.2 billion and 2.6 billion, respectively, and the net funded asset was recorded as a 362 million noncurrent asset, 5 million current liability and 17 million long-term liability. As of December 31, 2021, the accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets was 3.4 billion and 3.5 billion, respectively, and the net funded asset was recorded as a 114 million noncurrent asset, 4 million current liability and 27 million long-term liability. 
 
 Pension benefits are based on formulas that reflect the employees years of service and compensation during their employment period. Actuarial gains or losses are changes in the amount of either the benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from changes in assumptions. We have elected to follow a mark-to-market pension accounting policy for recording the actuarial gains or losses annually during the fourth quarter, or earlier if a remeasurement event occurs during an interim period. We use a December 31 measurement date for our pension plans. 
 
 We recognized net periodic pension benefit of 254 million and 305 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net periodic pension benefit or expense is determined using certain assumptions, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rate and mortality assumptions. We determined the discount rate used to compute pension expense based on the yield of a large population of high-quality corporate bonds with cash flows sufficient in timing and amount to settle projected future defined benefit payments. In developing the expected long-term rate of return on assets, we considered the current pension portfolio s composition, past average rate of earnings, and our asset allocation targets. We used a discount rate of 5.46 to determine the December 31, 2022 pension plan benefit obligation. A decrease in the discount rate of 25 basis points would result in an 83 million increase in our pension plan benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 and net periodic pension expense recognized in 2022 under our mark-to-market accounting policy. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used to determine net periodic pension benefit for the year ended December 31, 2023 is expected to be 5.00 . A decrease in the expected long-term rate of return of 25 basis points to 4.75 , while holding all other assumptions constant, would result in 
 
 32 

a decrease in our 2023 net periodic pension benefit of approximately 6 million. See Note 21 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional discussion on these assumptions. 

Results of Operations 
 
 A discussion of changes in our results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, but may be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022, which is available free of charge on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and on our investor relations website at ir.charter.com. 
 
 The following table sets forth the consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented (dollars in millions, except per share data): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues 54,022 51,682 Costs and Expenses: Operating costs and expenses (exclusive of items shown separately below) 32,876 31,482 Depreciation and amortization 8,903 9,345 Other operating expenses, net 281 329 42,060 41,156 Income from operations 11,962 10,526 Other Income (Expenses): Interest expense, net (4,556) (4,037) Other income (expenses), net 56 (101) (4,500) (4,138) Income before income taxes 7,462 6,388 Income tax expense (1,613) (1,068) Consolidated net income 5,849 5,320 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (794) (666) Net income attributable to Charter shareholders 5,055 4,654 EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO CHARTER SHAREHOLDERS: Basic 31.30 25.34 Diluted 30.74 24.47 Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic 161,501,355 183,669,369 Weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted 164,433,596 193,042,948 
 
 Revenues. Total revenues grew 2.3 billion or 4.5 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to increases in the number of residential Internet, mobile and commercial customers, price adjustments and higher advertising sales. 

33 

Revenues by service offering were as follows (dollars in millions; all percentages are calculated using whole numbers; minor differences may exist due to rounding): 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Growth Internet 22,222 21,094 5.3 Video 17,460 17,630 (1.0) Voice 1,559 1,598 (2.5) Residential revenue 41,241 40,322 2.3 Small and medium business 4,301 4,170 3.1 Enterprise 2,677 2,573 4.0 Commercial revenue 6,978 6,743 3.5 Advertising sales 1,882 1,594 18.1 Mobile 3,042 2,178 39.7 Other 879 845 4.0 54,022 51,682 4.5 
 
 The increase in Internet revenues from our residential customers was attributable to the following (dollars in millions): 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Increase related to rate and product mix changes 634 Increase in average residential Internet customers 494 1,128 
 
 The increase related to rate and product mix was primarily due to promotional roll-off and rate adjustments. Residential Internet customers grew by 275,000 in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Video revenues consist primarily of revenues from basic and digital video services provided to our residential customers, as well as franchise fees, equipment service fees and video installation revenue. The decrease in video revenues was attributable to the following (dollars in millions): 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Decrease in average residential video customers (621) Increase related to rate and product mix changes 451 (170) 
 
 Residential video customers decreased by 719,000 in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase related to rate and product mix was primarily due to price adjustments and promotional roll-off and was partly offset by a higher mix of lower cost video packages within our video customer base 
 
 The decrease in voice revenues from our residential customers was attributable to the following (dollars in millions): 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Decrease in average residential voice customers (137) Increase related to rate 98 (39) 
 
 Residential wireline voice customers decreased by 924,000 in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 34 

The increase in SMB commercial revenues was attributable to the following (dollars in millions): 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Increase in SMB customers 157 Decrease related to rate and product mix changes (26) 131 
 
 SMB customers increased by 64,000 in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Enterprise revenues increased 104 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding period in 2021 primarily due to an increase in Internet PSUs offset by a 16 million one-time benefit incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021 as well as lower wholesale PSUs. Enterprise PSUs increased by 12,000 in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Advertising sales revenues consist primarily of revenues from commercial advertising customers, programmers and other vendors, as well as local cable and advertising on regional sports and news channels. Advertising sales revenues increased 288 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding period in 2021 primarily due to an increase in political revenue. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, mobile revenues included approximately 1.3 billion and 909 million of device revenues, respectively, and approximately 1.7 billion and 1.3 billion of service revenues, respectively. The increases in revenues are a result of an increase of 1,728,000 lines from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other revenues consist of revenue from processing fees, regional sports and news channels (excluding intercompany charges or advertising sales on those channels), subsidy revenue, home shopping, video device sales, wire maintenance fees and other miscellaneous revenues. Other revenues increased approximately 34 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding period in 2021 primarily due to subsidy revenue related to our rural construction initiative and an increase in processing fees offset by a decrease in sales of video devices. 
 
 Operating costs and expenses . The increase in our operating costs and expenses, exclusive of items shown separately in the consolidated statements of operations, was attributable to the following (dollars in millions): 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Programming (224) Regulatory, connectivity and produced content (191) Costs to service customers 379 Marketing 268 Mobile 896 Other 266 1,394 
 
 Programming costs were approximately 11.6 billion and 11.8 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, representing 35 and 38 of total operating costs and expenses, respectively. Programming costs consist primarily of costs paid to programmers for basic, digital, premium, video on demand, and pay-per-view programming. Programming costs decreased as a result of fewer customers and a higher mix of lower cost video packages within our video customer base offset by contractual rate adjustments, including renewals and increases in amounts paid for retransmission consent. 
 
 Regulatory, connectivity and produced content decreased 191 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021 primarily due to lower costs of video devices sold to customers and regulatory pass-through fees as well as lower sports rights costs as a result of more basketball games during 2021 as compared to 2022 as the prior period had additional games due to the delayed start of the 2020 - 2021 National Basketball Association ("NBA") season as a result of COVID-19. 
 
 35 

Costs to service customers increased 379 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021 primarily due to higher bad debt, adjustments to job structure, pay and benefits to build a more skilled and longer tenured workforce and fuel costs. 
 
 Mobile costs of 3.4 billion and 2.5 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were comprised of mobile device, mobile service, customer acquisition and operating costs. The increase is attributable to an increase in the number of mobile lines. 
 
 The increase in other expense was attributable to the following (dollars in millions): 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Advertising sales expense 84 Corporate costs 78 Enterprise 43 Stock compensation expense 40 Other 21 266 
 
 Advertising sales expense increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the corresponding prior period due to higher costs of sales fees driven by higher political revenue. Corporate costs increased primarily due to higher computer and software expense and labor costs. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 442 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021 primarily due to certain assets acquired in acquisitions becoming fully depreciated offset by an increase in depreciation as a result of more recent capital expenditures. 
 
 Other operating expenses, net. The decrease in other operating expenses, net was attributable to the following (dollars in millions): 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Special charges, net 24 (Gain) loss on sale of assets, net (72) (48) 
 
 For more information, see Note 14 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Interest expense, net. Net interest expense increased by 519 million in 2022 from 2021 primarily due to an increase in weighted average debt outstanding of approximately 8.3 billion as well as an increase in weighted average interest rates. The increase in weighted average debt outstanding is primarily due to the issuance of notes throughout 2021 and 2022. 

36 

Other income (expenses), net. The change in other income (expenses), net is attributable to the following (dollars in millions): 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Loss on extinguishment of debt (see Note 8) 141 Loss on financial instruments, net (see Note 11) (9) Net periodic pension benefit (cost) (see Note 21) (51) Loss on equity investments, net (see Note 5) 76 157 
 
 See Note 15 and the Notes referenced above to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1. Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 Income tax expense. We recognized income tax expense of 1.6 billion and 1.1 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . Income tax expense increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021 primarily as a result of an increase in pretax income, lower benefit from state tax rate changes and decreased recognition of excess tax benefits resulting from share-based compensation during 2021. For more information, see Note 17 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest for financial reporting purposes represents A/N s portion of Charter Holdings net income based on its effective common unit ownership interest and the preferred dividend of 70 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For more information, see Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Net income attributable to Charter shareholders. Net income attributable to Charter shareholders was 5.1 billion and 4.7 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily as a result of the factors described above. 
 
 Use of Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow 
 
 We use certain measures that are not defined by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP to evaluate various aspects of our business. Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net income attributable to Charter shareholders and net cash flows from operating activities reported in accordance with GAAP. These terms, as defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow are reconciled to net income attributable to Charter shareholders and net cash flows from operating activities, respectively, below. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA eliminates the significant non-cash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of our businesses as well as other non-cash or special items, and is unaffected by our capital structure or investment activities. However, this measure is limited in that it does not reflect the periodic costs of certain capitalized tangible and intangible assets used in generating revenues and our cash cost of financing. These costs are evaluated through other financial measures. 
 
 Free cash flow is defined as net cash flows from operating activities, less capital expenditures and changes in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures. 
 
 Management and Charter s board of directors use Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow to assess our performance and our ability to service our debt, fund operations and make additional investments with internally generated funds. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA generally correlates to the leverage ratio calculation under our credit facilities or outstanding notes to determine compliance with the covenants contained in the facilities and notes (all such documents have been previously filed with the SEC). For the purpose of calculating compliance with leverage covenants, we use Adjusted EBITDA, as presented, excluding certain expenses paid by our operating subsidiaries to other Charter entities. Our debt covenants refer to these expenses as management fees, which fees were in the amount of 1.4 billion and 1.3 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

37 

A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow to net income attributable to Charter shareholders and net cash flows from operating activities, respectively, is as follows (dollars in millions): 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income attributable to Charter shareholders 5,055 4,654 Plus: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 794 666 Interest expense, net 4,556 4,037 Income tax expense 1,613 1,068 Depreciation and amortization 8,903 9,345 Stock compensation expense 470 430 Other expenses, net 225 430 Adjusted EBITDA 21,616 20,630 Net cash flows from operating activities 14,925 16,239 Less: Purchases of property, plant and equipment (9,376) (7,635) Change in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures 553 80 Free cash flow 6,102 8,684 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 We have significant amounts of debt. The principal amount of our debt as of December 31, 2022 was 97.4 billion, consisting of 13.9 billion of credit facility debt, 56.8 billion of investment grade senior secured notes and 26.7 billion of high-yield senior unsecured notes. Our business requires significant cash to fund principal and interest payments on our debt. As of December 31, 2022, 70.7 billion of our debt was rated investment grade and 26.7 billion was rated high yield debt. This split rating allows us to access both the investment grade debt market and the high yield debt market. 
 
 Our projected cash needs and projected sources of liquidity depend upon, among other things, our actual results, and the timing and amount of our expenditures. As we continue to grow our market penetration of our mobile product, we will continue to experience negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we sell devices to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans. Further, in 2022, Charter has become a meaningful federal cash tax payer as the majority of our net operating losses have been utilized. Free cash flow was 6.1 billion and 8.7 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See table below for factors impacting free cash flow during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the amount available under our credit facilities was approximately 4.0 billion and cash on hand was approximately 645 million. We expect to utilize free cash flow, cash on hand and availability under our credit facilities as well as future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of our obligations. The timing and terms of any refinancing transactions will be subject to market conditions among other considerations. Additionally, we may, from time to time, and depending on market conditions and other factors, use cash on hand and the proceeds from securities offerings or other borrowings to retire our debt through open market purchases, privately negotiated purchases, tender offers or redemption provisions. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow and Charter Operating s revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs. 
 
 We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including expanding the capacity of our network, the expansion of our network through our rural broadband construction initiative, the build-out and deployment of our CBRS spectrum, and mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. Charter's target leverage of net debt to the last twelve months Adjusted EBITDA remains at 4 to 4.5 times Adjusted EBITDA, and up to 3.5 times Adjusted EBITDA at the Charter Operating first lien level. Our leverage ratio was 4.47 times Adjusted EBITDA as of December 31, 2022. As Adjusted EBITDA grows, we expect to increase the total amount of our indebtedness to maintain leverage within Charter's target leverage range. Excluding purchases from Liberty Broadband discussed below, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Charter purchased in the public market approximately 14.5 million and 15.9 million shares, respectively, of Charter Class A common stock for approximately 7.1 billion and 10.9 billion, respectively. Since the beginning of its buyback program in September 2016 through the year ended December 31, 2022, Charter has purchased in the public market approximately 149.4 million 
 
 38 

shares of Class A common stock and Charter Holdings common units for approximately 68.5 billion, including purchases from Liberty Broadband and A/N discussed below. 
 
 In February 2021, Charter and Liberty Broadband entered into a letter agreement (the LBB Letter Agreement ). The LBB Letter Agreement implements Liberty Broadband s obligations under the Stockholders Agreement to participate in share repurchases by Charter. Under the LBB Letter Agreement, Liberty Broadband will sell to Charter, generally on a monthly basis, a number of shares of Charter Class A common stock representing an amount sufficient for Liberty Broadband s ownership of Charter to be reduced such that it does not exceed the ownership cap then applicable to Liberty Broadband under the Stockholders Agreement at a purchase price per share equal to the volume weighted average price per share paid by Charter for shares repurchased during such immediately preceding calendar month other than (i) purchases from A/N, (ii) purchases in privately negotiated transactions or (iii) purchases for the withholding of shares of Charter Class A common stock pursuant to equity compensation programs of Charter. Charter purchased from Liberty Broadband 6.2 million and 6.1 million shares of Charter Class A common stock for approximately 3.0 billion and 4.2 billion during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In January 2023, Charter purchased from Liberty Broadband an additional 0.1 million shares of Charter Class A common stock for approximately 42 million. 
 
 In December 2016, Charter and A/N entered into a letter agreement, as amended in December 2017 (the "A/N Letter Agreement"), that requires A/N to sell to Charter or to Charter Holdings, on a monthly basis, a number of shares of Charter Class A common stock or Charter Holdings common units that represents a pro rata participation by A/N and its affiliates in any repurchases of shares of Charter Class A common stock from persons other than A/N effected by Charter during the immediately preceding calendar month, at a purchase price equal to the average price paid by Charter for the shares repurchased from persons other than A/N during such immediately preceding calendar month. A/N and Charter both have the right to terminate or suspend the pro rata repurchase arrangement on a prospective basis. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Charter Holdings purchased from A/N 3.2 million and 3.3 million Charter Holdings common units, respectively, for approximately 1.6 billion and 2.2 billion, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Charter had remaining board authority to purchase an additional 414 million of Charter s Class A common stock and/or Charter Holdings common units, excluding purchases from Liberty Broadband. Although Charter expects to continue to buy back its common stock consistent with its leverage target range, Charter is not obligated to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the timing of any purchases that may occur cannot be predicted and will largely depend on market conditions and other potential uses of capital. Purchases may include open market purchases, tender offers or negotiated transactions. 
 
 As possible acquisitions, swaps or dispositions arise, we actively review them against our objectives including, among other considerations, improving the operational efficiency, geographic clustering of assets, product development or technology capabilities of our business and achieving appropriate return targets, and we may participate to the extent we believe these possibilities present attractive opportunities. However, there can be no assurance that we will actually complete any acquisitions, dispositions or system swaps, or that any such transactions will be material to our operations or results. 
 
 Free Cash Flow 
 
 Free cash flow decreased 2.6 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the corresponding prior period due to the following (dollars in millions): 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Increase in capital expenditures (1,741) Increase in cash paid for taxes, net (1,168) Increase in cash paid for interest, net (460) Increase in Adjusted EBITDA 986 Change in working capital, excluding change in accrued interest and taxes 188 Other, net (387) (2,582) 
 
 Free cash flow was reduced by 1.1 billion and 853 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to mobile impacts negatively affecting working capital, capital expenditures and Adjusted EBITDA. The increase in capital expenditures is primarily due to the rural construction initiative of 1.8 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash 
 
 39 

paid for taxes, net increased as Charter has become a meaningful federal cash tax payer in 2022. Other, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes the payment of litigation settlements including the payment of a previously recorded litigation settlement with Sprint Communications Company L.P. and T-Mobile USA, Inc. See Note 14 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Historical Operating, Investing, and Financing Activities 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents. We held 645 million and 601 million in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 1.3 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in cash paid for taxes, higher cash paid for interest and the payment of litigation settlements offset by an increase in Adjusted EBITDA of 986 million. 
 
 Investing Activities. Net cash used in investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 9.1 billion and 7.8 billion, respectively. The increase in cash used was primarily due to an increase in capital expenditures, offset by changes in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures that increased by 473 million. 
 
 Financing Activities. Net cash used in financing activities decreased 3.1 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to a decrease in the purchase of treasury stock and noncontrolling interest offset by a decrease in the amount by which borrowings of long-term debt exceeded repayments. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements. Capital expenditures were 9.4 billion and 7.6 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase was primarily due to an increase in line extensions and customer premise equipment. The increase in line extensions was primarily due to the rural construction initiative. See the table below for more details. 
 
 We currently expect full year 2023 capital expenditures, excluding line extensions, to be between 6.5 billion and 6.8 billion. We expect 2023 line extensions capital expenditures to approximate 4 billion. The actual amount of capital expenditures in 2023 will depend on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the pace of our network evolution and rural construction initiatives, supply chain timing and growth rates in our residential and commercial businesses. 
 
 Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. In addition, our accrued liabilities related to capital expenditures increased 553 million and 80 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

40 

The following tables present our major capital expenditures categories in accordance with National Cable and Telecommunications Association NCTA disclosure guidelines for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. These disclosure guidelines are not required disclosures under GAAP, nor do they impact our accounting for capital expenditures under GAAP (dollars in millions): 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Customer premise equipment (a) 
 2,209 1,967 Scalable infrastructure (b) 
 1,791 1,677 Line extensions (c) 
 2,990 1,642 Upgrade/rebuild (d) 
 845 706 Support capital (e) 
 1,541 1,643 Total capital expenditures 9,376 7,635 Capital expenditures included in total related to: Capital expenditures, excluding line extensions 6,386 5,993 Line extensions (c) 
 2,990 1,642 Total capital expenditures 9,376 7,635 Of which: Commercial services 1,511 1,445 Of which: Mobile 376 482 Of which: Rural construction initiative (f) 
 1,791 
 
 (a) Customer premise equipment includes costs incurred at the customer residence to secure new customers and revenue generating units, including customer installation costs and customer premise equipment (e.g., digital receivers and cable modems). 
 (b) Scalable infrastructure includes costs not related to customer premise equipment, to secure growth of new customers and revenue generating units, or provide service enhancements (e.g., headend equipment). 
 (c) Line extensions include network costs associated with entering new service areas (e.g., fiber/coaxial cable, amplifiers, electronic equipment, make-ready and design engineering). 
 (d) Upgrade/rebuild includes costs to modify or replace existing fiber/coaxial cable networks, including betterments. 
 (e) Support capital includes costs associated with the replacement or enhancement of non-network assets due to technological and physical obsolescence (e.g., non-network equipment, land, buildings and vehicles). 
 (f) The rural construction initiative subcategory includes expenditures associated with our Rural Construction Initiative (for which separate reporting was initiated in 2022), excluding customer premise equipment and installation. 
 
 Debt 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the accreted value of our total debt was approximately 97.6 billion, as summarized below (dollars in millions): 
 
 December 31, 2022 Principal Amount Accreted Value (a) 
 Interest Payment Dates Maturity Date (b) 
 CCO Holdings, LLC: 4.000 senior notes due 2023 500 500 3/1 9/1 3/1/2023 5.500 senior notes due 2026 750 748 5/1 11/1 5/1/2026 5.125 senior notes due 2027 3,250 3,232 5/1 11/1 5/1/2027 5.000 senior notes due 2028 2,500 2,479 2/1 8/1 2/1/2028 5.375 senior notes due 2029 1,500 1,501 6/1 12/1 6/1/2029 6.375 senior notes due 2029 1,500 1,487 3/1 9/1 9/1/2029 4.750 senior notes due 2030 3,050 3,043 3/1 9/1 3/1/2030 4.500 senior notes due 2030 2,750 2,750 2/15 8/15 8/15/2030 4.250 senior notes due 2031 3,000 3,001 2/1 8/1 2/1/2031 
 
 41 

4.750 senior notes due 2032 1,200 1,189 2/1 8/1 2/1/2032 4.500 senior notes due 2032 2,900 2,924 5/1 11/1 5/1/2032 4.500 senior notes due 2033 1,750 1,730 6/1 12/1 6/1/2033 4.250 senior notes due 2034 2,000 1,983 1/15 7/15 1/15/2034 Charter Communications Operating, LLC: Senior floating rate notes due 2024 900 901 2/1, 5/1, 8/1 11/1 2/1/2024 4.500 senior notes due 2024 1,100 1,098 2/1 8/1 2/1/2024 4.908 senior notes due 2025 4,500 4,486 1/23 7/23 7/23/2025 3.750 senior notes due 2028 1,000 992 2/15 8/15 2/15/2028 4.200 senior notes due 2028 1,250 1,244 3/15 9/15 3/15/2028 2.250 senior notes due 2029 1,250 1,241 1/15 7/15 1/15/2029 5.050 senior notes due 2029 1,250 1,243 3/30 9/30 3/30/2029 2.800 senior notes due 2031 1,600 1,586 4/1 10/1 4/1/2031 2.300 senior notes due 2032 1,000 993 2/1 8/1 2/1/2032 4.400 senior notes due 2033 1,000 990 4/1 10/1 4/1/2033 6.384 senior notes due 2035 2,000 1,985 4/23 10/23 10/23/2035 5.375 senior notes due 2038 800 787 4/1 10/1 4/1/2038 3.500 senior notes due 2041 1,500 1,483 6/1 12/1 6/1/2041 3.500 senior notes due 2042 1,350 1,332 3/1 9/1 3/1/2042 6.484 senior notes due 2045 3,500 3,469 4/23 10/23 10/23/2045 5.375 senior notes due 2047 2,500 2,506 5/1 11/1 5/1/2047 5.750 senior notes due 2048 2,450 2,393 4/1 10/1 4/1/2048 5.125 senior notes due 2049 1,250 1,240 1/1 7/1 7/1/2049 4.800 senior notes due 2050 2,800 2,797 3/1 9/1 3/1/2050 3.700 senior notes due 2051 2,050 2,031 4/1 10/1 4/1/2051 3.900 senior notes due 2052 2,400 2,323 6/1 12/1 6/1/2052 5.250 senior notes due 2053 1,500 1,479 4/1 10/1 4/1/2053 6.834 senior notes due 2055 500 495 4/23 10/23 10/23/2055 3.850 senior notes due 2061 1,850 1,810 4/1 10/1 4/1/2061 4.400 senior notes due 2061 1,400 1,389 6/1 12/1 12/1/2061 3.950 senior notes due 2062 1,400 1,379 6/30 12/30 6/30/2062 5.500 senior notes due 2063 1,000 986 4/1 10/1 4/1/2063 Credit facilities 13,877 13,823 Varies Time Warner Cable, LLC: 5.750 sterling senior notes due 2031 (c) 
 755 797 6/2 6/2/2031 6.550 senior debentures due 2037 1,500 1,655 5/1 11/1 5/1/2037 7.300 senior debentures due 2038 1,500 1,745 1/1 7/1 7/1/2038 6.750 senior debentures due 2039 1,500 1,693 6/15 12/15 6/15/2039 5.875 senior debentures due 2040 1,200 1,250 5/15 11/15 11/15/2040 5.500 senior debentures due 2041 1,250 1,257 3/1 9/1 9/1/2041 5.250 sterling senior notes due 2042 (d) 
 786 760 7/15 7/15/2042 4.500 senior debentures due 2042 1,250 1,150 3/15 9/15 9/15/2042 Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC: 8.375 senior debentures due 2023 1,000 1,010 3/15 9/15 3/15/2023 8.375 senior debentures due 2033 1,000 1,238 7/15 1/15 7/15/2033 97,368 97,603 
 
 (a) The accreted values presented in the table above represent the principal amount of the debt adjusted for original issue discount or premium at the time of sale, deferred financing costs, and, in regards to debt assumed in acquisitions, fair value premium adjustments as a result of applying acquisition accounting plus the accretion of those amounts to the balance sheet date. However, the amount that is currently payable if the debt becomes immediately due is equal to the principal amount of the debt. In regards to the Sterling Notes, the principal amount of the debt and any premium or discount is remeasured into US dollars as of each balance sheet date. We have availability under our credit facilities of approximately 4.0 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 42 

(b) In general, the obligors have the right to redeem all of the notes set forth in the above table in whole or in part at their option, beginning at various times prior to their stated maturity dates, subject to certain conditions, upon the payment of the outstanding principal amount (plus a specified redemption premium) and all accrued and unpaid interest. 
 (c) Principal amount includes 625 million valued at 755 million as of December 31, 2022 using the exchange rate as of December 31, 2022. 
 (d) Principal amount includes 650 million valued at 786 million as of December 31, 2022 using the exchange rate as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 In 2022, Charter Operating entered into an amendment to its credit agreement. Also in 2022, CCO Holdings and CCO Holdings Capital Corp. jointly issued 2.7 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes and Charter Operating and Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp. jointly issued 3.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes. The notes were issued at varying rates, prices and maturity dates and the net proceeds were used to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes, including funding buybacks of Charter Class A common stock and Charter Holdings common units as well as repaying certain indebtedness. 
 
 See Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further details regarding our outstanding debt and other financing arrangements, including certain information about maturities, covenants and restrictions related to such debt and financing arrangements. The agreements and instruments governing our debt and financing arrangements are complicated and you should consult such agreements and instruments which are filed with the SEC for more detailed information. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Charter Operating had a consolidated leverage ratio of approximately 3.0 to 1.0 and a consolidated first lien leverage ratio of 3.0 to 1.0. Both ratios are in compliance with the ratios required by the Charter Operating credit facilities of 5.0 to 1.0 consolidated leverage ratio and 4.0 to 1.0 consolidated first lien leverage ratio. A failure by Charter Operating to maintain the financial covenants would result in an event of default under the Charter Operating credit facilities and the debt of CCO Holdings. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors The agreements and instruments governing our debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 See Note 22 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Cross-currency derivative instruments are used to manage foreign exchange risk on the Sterling Notes by effectively converting 1.275 billion aggregate principal amount of fixed-rate British pound sterling denominated debt, including annual interest payments and the payment of principal at maturity, to fixed-rate U.S. dollar denominated debt. The fair value of our cross-currency derivatives included in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets was 570 million and 290 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For more information, see Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average interest rate on the credit facility debt was approximately 5.9 and 1.6 , respectively, and the weighted average interest rate on the senior notes was approximately 5.0 and 4.9 , respectively, resulting in a blended weighted average interest rate of 5.1 and 4.5 , respectively. The interest rate on approximately 85 and 87 of the total principal amount of our debt was fixed as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

43 

The table set forth below summarizes the fair values and contract terms of financial instruments subject to interest rate risk maintained by us as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in millions): 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Fair Value Debt: Fixed Rate 1,500 1,100 4,500 750 3,250 71,491 82,591 68,427 Average Interest Rate 6.92 4.50 4.91 5.50 5.13 4.92 4.96 Variable Rate 390 1,290 2,661 366 9,707 363 14,777 14,371 Average Interest Rate 6.15 5.57 4.99 4.50 4.68 4.73 4.85 
 
 Interest rates on variable-rate debt are estimated using the average implied forward LIBOR or SOFR for the year of maturity based on the yield curve in effect at December 31, 2022 including applicable bank spread. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements, the related notes thereto, and the reports of independent accountants are included in this annual report beginning on page F-1. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of disclosure controls and procedures with respect to the information generated for use in this annual report. The evaluation was based upon reports and certifications provided by a number of executives. Based on, and as of the date of that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurances that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based upon the above evaluation, we believe that our controls provide such reasonable assurances. 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for the Company. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on management s assessment utilizing these criteria we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective . 

44 

Our independent auditors, KPMG LLP, have audited our internal control over financial reporting as stated in their report on page F-2. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 On January 26, 2023, Charter entered into an employment agreement (the Fischer Employment Agreement with Jessica Fischer, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 The Fischer Employment Agreement, which is effective as of February 5, 2023, has a term ending February 5, 2025 (or upon an earlier termination of employment) and provides that Ms. Fischer will continue to serve as Chief Financial Officer. The Fischer Employment Agreement provides that Ms. Fischer will receive an annual base salary of at least 800,000 and a target annual cash bonus opportunity of 150 of her annual base salary. 
 
 Ms. Fischer will also continue to participate in our employee benefit plans and receive perquisites as generally provided to our other senior executives. In addition, consistent with Ms. Fischer s prior employment agreement, we will continue to reimburse Ms. Fischer for all reasonable and necessary expenses incurred in connection with the performance of her duties. 
 
 If the employment of Ms. Fischer is terminated involuntarily by us without cause or by her for good reason, she would be entitled to (a) a cash severance payment equal to two times the sum of her annual base salary and target annual bonus opportunity for the year in which the termination occurs, (b) a cash payment equal to the cost of COBRA coverage for 24 months, and (c) outplacement services for up to 12 months. 
 
 The termination benefits described above are subject to Ms. Fischer s execution of a release of claims in favor of Charter and its affiliates. In addition, Ms. Fischer has agreed to comply with covenants concerning non-disclosure of confidential information, assignment of intellectual property and non-disparagement of Charter and, for two years following termination, covenants concerning non-competition and non-solicitation of customers of Charter and its affiliates and, for one year following termination, covenants concerning non-solicitation of employees of Charter and its affiliates. 
 
 A copy of the Fischer Employment Agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.71(b), and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Fischer Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of that document. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 45 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information required by Item 10 will be included in the Proxy Statement under the headings Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, and Code of Ethics, or in amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The information required by Item 11 will be included in the Proxy Statement under the headings Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors 2022 Director Compensation, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Report of the Compensation and Benefits Committee or in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Information contained in the Proxy Statement or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Report of the Compensation and Benefits Committee is furnished and not deemed filed with the SEC. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The information required by Item 12 will be included in the Proxy Statement under the heading Certain Beneficial Owners of Charter Class A Common Stock or in amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The information required by Item 13 will be included in the Proxy Statement under the heading Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors or in amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services . 
 
 The information required by Item 14 will be included in the Proxy Statement under the heading Accounting Matters or in amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

46 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this annual report: 
 
 (1) Financial Statements. 
 
 A listing of the financial statements, notes and reports of independent public accountants required by "Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" begins on page F-1 of this annual report. 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 No financial statement schedules are required to be filed by Items 8 and 15(c) because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is set forth in the applicable financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 (3) The index to the exhibits begins on page E-1 of this annual report. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 
 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Charter Communications, Inc. has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC., Registrant By: /s/ Christopher L. Winfrey Christopher L. Winfrey President and Chief Executive Officer Date: January 27, 2023 
 
 S-1 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Richard R. Dykhouse and Kevin D. Howard, and each of them (with full power to each of them to act alone), his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign on his or her behalf individually and in each capacity stated below any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this annual report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and either of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Charter Communications, Inc. and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Christopher L. Winfrey President and Chief Executive Officer January 27, 2023 Christopher L. Winfrey (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jessica M. Fischer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) January 27, 2023 Jessica M. Fischer /s/ Kevin D. Howard Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer January 27, 2023 Kevin D. Howard and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Thomas M. Rutledge Executive Chairman and Director January 27, 2023 Thomas M. Rutledge /s/ Eric L. Zinterhofer Director January 27, 2023 Eric L. Zinterhofer /s/ W. Lance Conn Director January 27, 2023 W. Lance Conn /s/ Kim C. Goodman Director January 27, 2023 Kim C. Goodman /s/ Craig A. Jacobson Director January 27, 2023 Craig A. Jacobson /s/ Gregory Maffei Director January 27, 2023 Gregory Maffei /s/ John D. Markley, Jr. Director January 27, 2023 John D. Markley, Jr. /s/ David C. Merritt Director January 27, 2023 David C. Merritt /s/ James E. Meyer Director January 27, 2023 James E. Meyer /s/ Steve Miron Director January 27, 2023 Steve Miron /s/ Balan Nair Director January 27, 2023 Balan Nair /s/ Michael Newhouse Director January 27, 2023 Michael Newhouse /s/ Mauricio Ramos Director January 27, 2023 Mauricio Ramos 
 S-2 

Exhibit Index 
 
 Exhibits are listed by numbers corresponding to the Exhibit Table of Item 601 in Regulation S-K. 
 Exhibit Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Mergers, dated as of May 23, 2015, among Time Warner Cable Inc., Charter Communications, Inc., CCH I, LLC, Nina Corporation I, Inc., Nina Company II, LLC and Nina Company III, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on May 29, 2015 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 2.2 Contribution Agreement, dated March 31, 2015, by and among Advance/Newhouse Partnership, A/NPC Holdings LLC, Charter Communications, Inc., CCH I, LLC, and Charter Communications Holding Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 1, 2015 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Charter Communications, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on May 19, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-laws of Charter Communications, Inc. as of July 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 29, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.1(a) Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated March 31, 2015, by and among Charter Communications, Inc., Liberty Broadband Corporation and Advance/Newhouse Partnership (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 1, 2015 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.1(b) Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated May 23, 2015, by and among Charter Communications, Inc., CCH I, LLC, Liberty Broadband Corporation and Advance/Newhouse Partnership (incorporated by reference to Annex C to the registration statement on Form S-4 filed by CCH I, LLC on June 26, 2015 (File No. 333-205240)). 
 4.2 Indenture dated as of November 5, 2014, by and among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and CCOH Safari, LLC, as Issuers, Charter Communications, Inc., as Parent Guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on November 10, 2014 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of July 23, 2015, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp. and CCO Safari II, LLC, as issuers, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 27, 2015 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 23, 2015, among CCO Safari II, LLC, as escrow issuer, CCH II, LLC, as limited guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 27, 2015 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.5 Form of 4.908 Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 27, 2015 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.6 Form of 6.384 Senior Secured Notes due 2035 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 27, 2015 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.7 Form of 6.484 Senior Secured Notes due 2045 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 27, 2015 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.8 Form of 6.834 Senior Secured Notes due 2055 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 27, 2015 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.9 Indenture, dated as of November 20, 2015, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and CCOH Safari, LLC, as issuers, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on November 25, 2015 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.10 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 21, 2016, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp., Charter Communications, Inc., as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 27, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.11 Form of 5.500 Senior Notes due 2026 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed April 27, 2016). 
 
 E-1 

4.12 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., CCO Safari II, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on May 24, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.13 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on May 24, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.14 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp., CCOH Safari, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on May 24, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.15 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 6, 2017, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp., and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on February 6, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.16 Form of 5.125 Senior Notes due 2027 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on February 6, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)) 
 4.17 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 20, 2017, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 26, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.18 Form of 5.375 Senior Secured Notes due 2047 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 26, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)) 
 4.19 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 6, 2017, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 12, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.20 Form of 3.750 Senior Secured Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 12, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.21 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 8, 2017, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on August 14, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.22 Form of 5.000 Senior Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on August 14, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.23 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 18, 2017, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on September 21, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.24 Form of 4.200 Senior Secured Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on September 21, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.25 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 17, 2017, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 20, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.26 Form of 4.000 Senior Notes due 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 20, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.27 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 21, 2017, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantor parties thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Form S-3 filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on December 22, 2017 (File No. 333-222241)). 
 4.28 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 17, 2018, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., as issuers, CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 20, 2018 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.29 Form of 5.375 Senior Secured Notes due 2038 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 20, 2018 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 
 E-2 

4.30 Form of 5.750 Senior Secured Notes due 2048 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 20, 2018 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.31 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 3, 2018, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., as issuers, CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 9, 2018 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.32 Form of Senior Secured Floating Notes due 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 9, 2018 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.33 Form of 4.500 Senior Secured Notes due 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 9, 2018 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.34 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 17, 2019, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., as issuers, CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on January 24, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.35 Form of 5.050 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on January 24, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.36 Indenture, dated as of May 23, 2019, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on May 30, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.37 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 23, 2019, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on May 30, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.38 Form of 5.375 Senior Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on May 30, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.39 Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 10, 2019, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., as issuers, CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 10, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.40 Form of 5.125 Senior Secured Notes due 2049 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 10, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.41 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2019, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 7, 2019). 
 4.42 Form of 4.750 Senior Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 7, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.43 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 24, 2019, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., as issuers, CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 30, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.44 Form of 4.800 Senior Secured Notes due 2050 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 30, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.45 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 18, 2020, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on February 21, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.46 Form of 4.500 Senior Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on February 21, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.47 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2020, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on March 23, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.48 Form of 4.500 Senior Notes due 2032 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on March 23, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 
 E-3 

4.49 Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 17, 2020, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., as issuers, CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 17, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.50 Form of 2.800 Senior Secured Notes due 2031 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 17, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.51 Form of 3.700 Senior Secured Notes due 2051 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 17, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.52 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 9, 2020, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 13, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.53 Form of 4.250 Senior Notes due 2031 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 13, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.54 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2020, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., as issuers, CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on December 4, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.55 Form of 2.300 Senior Secured Notes due 2032 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on December 4, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.56 Form of 3.850 Senior Secured Notes due 2061 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on December 4, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.57 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 4, 2021, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., as issuers, CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on March 4, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.58 Form of 3.500 Senior Secured Notes due 2041 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on March 4, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.59 Form of 3.900 Senior Secured Notes due 2052 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on March 4, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.60 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 22, 2021, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 27, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.61 Form of 4.500 Senior Notes due 2033 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 27, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.62 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 2, 2021, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., as issuers, CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on June 2, 2021, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.63 Form of 4.400 Senior Notes due 2061 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on June 2, 2021, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.64 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 16, 2021, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on August 18, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.65 Form of 4.250 Senior Notes due 2034 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on August 18, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.66 Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 12, 2021, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., as issuers, CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 12, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.67 Form of 2.250 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 12, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 
 E-4 

4.68 Form of 3.500 Senior Secured Notes due 2042 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 12, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.69 Form of 3.950 Senior Secured Notes due 2062 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 12, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.70 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 19, 2022, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on January 25, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.71 Form of 4.750 Senior Notes due 2032 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on January 25, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.72 Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 15, 2022, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., as issuers, CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on March 15, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.73 Form of 4.400 Senior Notes due 2033 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on March 15, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.74 Form of 5.250 Senior Notes due 2053 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on March 15, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.75 Form of 5.500 Senior Notes due 2063 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on March 15, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.76 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2022, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on August 15, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.77 Form of 6.375 Senior Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on August 15, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.78 Indenture, dated as of April 30, 1992 (the TWCE Indenture ), as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 1992, among Time Warner Entertainment Company, L.P. TWE ), Time Warner Companies, Inc. TWCI ), certain of TWCI s subsidiaries that are parties thereto and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits 10(g) and 10(h) to TWCI s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 26, 1992 and filed with the SEC on July 15, 1992 (File No. 1-8637)). (P) 4.79 Second Supplemental Indenture to the TWCE Indenture, dated as of December 9, 1992, among TWE, TWCI, certain of TWCI s subsidiaries that are parties thereto and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 1 to TWE s Registration Statement on Form S-4 dated and filed with the SEC on October 25, 1993 (Registration No. 33-67688) (the TWE October 25, 1993 Registration Statement )). (P) 4.80 Third Supplemental Indenture to the TWCE Indenture, dated as of October 12, 1993, among TWE, TWCI, certain of TWCI s subsidiaries that are parties thereto and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the TWE October 25, 1993 Registration Statement). (P) 4.81 Fourth Supplemental Indenture to the TWCE Indenture, dated as of March 29, 1994, among TWE, TWCI, certain of TWCI s subsidiaries that are parties thereto and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to TWE s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1993 and filed with the SEC on March 30, 1994 (File No. 1-12878)). (P) 4.82 Fifth Supplemental Indenture to the TWCE Indenture, dated as of December 28, 1994, among TWE, TWCI, certain of TWCI s subsidiaries that are parties thereto and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to TWE s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994 and filed with the SEC on March 30, 1995 (File No. 1-12878)). (P) 4.83 Sixth Supplemental Indenture to the TWCE Indenture, dated as of September 29, 1997, among TWE, TWCI, certain of TWCI s subsidiaries that are parties thereto and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Historic TW Inc. s Historic TW Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997 and filed with the SEC on March 25, 1998 (File No. 1-12259) (the Time Warner 1997 Form 10-K )). 
 4.84 Seventh Supplemental Indenture to the TWCE Indenture, dated as of December 29, 1997, among TWE, TWCI, certain of TWCI s subsidiaries that are parties thereto and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Time Warner 1997 Form 10-K). 
 4.85 Eighth Supplemental Indenture to the TWCE Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2003, among Historic TW, TWE, Warner Communications Inc. WCI ), American Television and Communications Corporation ATC ), TWC and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to Time Warner Inc. s Time Warner Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 (File No. 1-15062)). 
 
 E-5 

4.86 Ninth Supplemental Indenture to the TWCE Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2004, among Historic TW, TWE, Time Warner NY Cable Inc., WCI, ATC, TWC and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Time Warner s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004 (File No. 1-15062)). 
 4.87 Tenth Supplemental Indenture to the TWCE Indenture, dated as of October 18, 2006, among Historic TW, TWE, TW NY Cable Holding Inc. TW NY ), Time Warner NY Cable LLC TW NY Cable ), TWC, WCI, ATC and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Time Warner s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed October 18, 2006 (File No. 1-15062)). 
 4.88 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture to the TWCE Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2006, among TWE, TW NY, TWC and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Time Warner s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed November 2, 2006 (File No. 1-15062)). 
 4.89 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture to the TWCE Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2012, among Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC TWCE ), TWC, TW NY, Time Warner Cable Internet Holdings II LLC TWC Internet Holdings II and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, supplementing the Indenture dated April 30, 1992, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to TWC s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 30, 2012 and filed with the SEC on October 1, 2012 (File No. 1-33335) (the TWC September 30, 2012 Form 8-K )). 
 4.90 Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on May 24, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.91 Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2007 (the TWC Indenture ), among TWC, TW NY, TWE and The Bank of New York, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to TWC s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 4, 2007 and filed with the SEC on April 9, 2007 (File No. 1-33335) (the TWC April 4, 2007 Form 8-K )). 
 4.92 First Supplemental Indenture to the TWC Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2007, among TWC, TW NY, TWE and The Bank of New York, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the TWC April 4, 2007 Form 8-K). 
 4.93 Second Supplemental Indenture to the TWC Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2012, among TWC, TW NY, TWCE, TWC Internet Holdings II and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, supplementing the Indenture dated April 9, 2007, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the TWC September 30, 2012 Form 8-K). 
 4.94 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among Time Warner Cable Inc., TWC NewCo LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on May 24, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.95 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among TWC NewCo LLC, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on May 24, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 4.96 Form of TWC 6.55 Exchange Debentures due 2037 (included as Exhibit C to the First Supplemental Indenture incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the TWC April 4, 2007 Form 8-K). 
 4.97 Form of TWC 7.30 Debentures due 2038 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the TWC June 16, 2008 Form 8-K). 
 4.98 Form of TWC 6.75 Debentures due 2039 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to TWC s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 24, 2009 and filed with the SEC on June 29, 2009 (File No. 1-33335)). 
 4.99 Form of TWC 5.875 Debentures due 2040 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the TWC November 9, 2010 Form 8-K). 
 4.100 Form of TWC 5.75 Note due 2031 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to TWC s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed with the SEC on May 26, 2011 (File No. 1-33335)). 
 4.101 Form of TWC 5.5 Debenture due 2041 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the TWC Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 7, 2011 and filed with the SEC on September 12, 2011 (File No. 1-33335)). 
 4.102 Form of TWC 4.5 Debenture due 2042 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to TWC s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 7, 2012 and filed with the SEC on August 10, 2012 (File No. 1-33335)). 
 4.103 Form of TWC 5.25 Note due 2042 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to TWC s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed with the SEC on June 27, 2012 (File No. 1-33335)). 
 4.104 Description of Securities. 
 
 E-6 

10.1 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 23, 2015 relating to the 3.579 Senior Secured Notes due 2020, 4.464 Senior Secured Notes due 2022, 4.908 Senior Secured Notes due 2025, 6.384 Senior Secured Notes due 2035, 6.484 Senior Secured Notes due 2045 and 6.834 Senior Secured Notes due 2055, between CCO Safari II, LLC and Goldman, Sachs Co., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and UBS Securities LLC, as representatives of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 27, 2015 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.2 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 21, 2016, relating to the 5.500 Senior Notes due 2026, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp., Charter Communications, Inc., as guarantor, and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman, Sachs Co., UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 27, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.3 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 6, 2017, relating to the 5.125 Senior Notes due 2027, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp., and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman, Sachs Co., UBS Securities LLC, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on February 6, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.4 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 29, 2017, relating to the 5.125 Senior Notes due 2027, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp., and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Goldman, Sachs Co., UBS Securities LLC, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on March 31, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.5 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 20, 2017, relating to the 5.125 Senior Notes due 2027, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as a representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 26, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.6 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 20, 2017, relating to the 5.375 Senior Notes due 2047, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., the guarantors party thereto and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 26, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.7 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 6, 2017, relating to the 3.750 Senior Notes due 2028, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., the guarantors party thereto and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 12, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.8 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 6, 2017, relating to the 5.375 Senior Notes due 2047, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., the guarantors party thereto and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 12, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.9 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 8, 2017, relating to the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2028, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on August 14, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.10 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 18, 2017, relating to the 4.200 Senior Secured Notes due 2028, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., the guarantors party thereto and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as representatives of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on September 21, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.11 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 18, 2017, relating to the 5.375 Senior Secured Notes due 2047, among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., the guarantors party thereto and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as representatives of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on September 21, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 
 E-7 

10.12 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 17, 2017, relating to the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2028, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 20, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.13 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 17, 2017, relating to the 4.000 Senior Notes due 2023, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 20, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.14 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 23, 2019, relating to the 5.375 Senior Notes due 2029, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on May 30, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.15 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 10, 2019, relating to the 5.375 Senior Notes due 2029, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 10, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.16 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 1, 2019, relating to the 4.750 Senior Notes due 2030, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and BofA Securities, Inc., as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 7, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.17 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 24, 2019, relating to the 4.750 Senior Notes due 2030, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and BofA Securities, Inc., as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 30, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.18 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 16, 2019, relating to the 4.750 Senior Notes due 2030, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on December 16, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.19 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 18, 2020, relating to the 4.500 Senior Notes due 2030, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on February 21, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.20 2030 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 18, 2020, relating to the 4.500 Senior Notes due 2030, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on March 23, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.21 2032 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 18, 2020, relating to the 4.500 Senior Notes due 2032, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on March 23, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.22 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 9, 2020, relating to the 4.250 Senior Notes due 2031, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 13, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.23 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 24, 2020, relating to the 4.250 Senior Notes due 2031, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 28, 2020) (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.24 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 12, 2020, relating to the 4.500 Senior Notes due 2032, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 16, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.25 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 22, 2021, relating to the 4.500 Senior Notes due 2033, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on April 27, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 
 E-8 

10.26 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 2, 2021, relating to the 4.500 Senior Notes due 2033, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on June 2, 2021, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.27 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 16, 2021, relating to the 4.250 Senior Notes due 2034, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on August 18, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.28 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 19, 2022, relating to the 4.750 Senior Notes due 2032, among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein). (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on January 25, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.29 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 9, 2022, relating to the 6.375 Senior Notes due 20 29 , among CCO Holdings, LLC, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC , as representative of the several Purchasers (as defined therein). (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on August 1 5, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.30(a) Restatement Agreement dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on May 24, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.30(b) Amendment No. 1 dated as of December 23, 2016, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 18, 1999, as amended and restated on May 18, 2016, by and among Chart Communications Operating, LLC, CCO Holdings, LLC, the Lenders Party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on December 30, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.30(c) Restatement Agreement dated as of December 21, 2017 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 18, 1999, as amended and restated on May 18, 2016, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of December 23, 2016 and as further amended by that certain Incremental Activation Notice No. 1, dated as of January 19, 2017, by and among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, CCO Holdings, LLC, the Lenders Party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on December 28, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.30(d) Amendment No. 1, dated as of January 24, 2019, to (i) the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 18, 1999, as amended and restated on December 21, 2017, by and among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, CCO Holdings, LLC, certain subsidiaries of Charter Communications Operating, LLC, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and (ii) the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of March 18, 1999, as amended and restated as of March 31, 2010, as further amended and restated on May 18, 2016, by and among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, CCO Holdings, LLC, certain subsidiaries of Charter Communications Operating, LLC and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on January 30, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.30(e) Restatement Agreement, dated as of April 26 2019, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 18, 1999, as amended and restated on December 21, 2017 and as amended by Amendment No. 1 as of January 24, 2019, by and among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, CCO Holdings, LLC, certain subsidiaries of Charter Communications Operating, LLC, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Charter Communications, Inc. filed April 30, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.30(f) Amendment No. 1, dated as of October 24, 2019, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 18, 1999, as amended and restated on April 26, 2019, by and among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, CCO Holdings, LLC, certain subsidiaries of Charter Communications Operating, LLC, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 30, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.30(g) Amendment No. 2, dated as of May 26, 2022, to (i) the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 18, 1999, as amended and restated on April 26, 2019 and as amended by Amendment No. 1 on October 24, 2019, by and among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, CCO Holdings, LLC, certain subsidiaries of Charter Communications Operating, LLC, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and (ii) the Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of March 18, 1999, as amended and restated as of March 6, 2007, as amended and restated as of March 31, 2010, as amended and restated as of May 18, 2016 and as further amended as of January 24, 2019, by Charter Communications Operating, LLC, CCO Holdings, LLC, certain subsidiaries of Charter Communications Operating, LLC and the Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on June 2, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 
 E-9 

10.31 Joinder Agreement to Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among CCO Safari II, LLC, CCH II, LLC, Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp., CCO Holdings, LLC and the other guarantors party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed May 24, 2016). 
 10.32 Joinder Agreement to Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2016, by CCO Holdings, LLC and CCO Holdings Capital Corp (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed May 24, 2016). 
 10.33 Escrow Assumption Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among CCO Safari III, LLC, Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Bank of America, N.A., as escrow administrative agent and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed May 24, 2016). 
 10.34 Incremental Activation Notice, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, CCO Holdings, LLC, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on May 24, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.35 Collateral Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2016, by Charter Communications Operating, LLC, Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp. and the other grantors party thereto in favor of The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on May 24, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.36 First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among Charter Communications Operating, LLC, the other grantors party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as credit agreement collateral agent for the credit agreement secured parties, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as notes collateral agent for the indenture secured parties, and each additional agent from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on May 24, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.37 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Charter Communications Holdings, LLC, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among Charter Holdings, Charter, CCH II, LLC, Advance/Newhouse Partnership and the other party or parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on May 19, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.38 Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among Charter Holdings, Charter, Advance/Newhouse Partnership and the other party or parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on May 19, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.39 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among Charter, Advance/Newhouse Partnership and Liberty Broadband (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on May 19, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.40 Tax Receivables Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2016, by and among Charter, Advance/Newhouse Partnership and the other party or parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on May 19, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.41 Wireless Operational Cooperation Agreement dated as of May 5, 2017 between Charter Communications, Inc. and Comcast Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on May 8, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.42+ Charter Communications, Inc. Executive Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on May 8, 2012 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.43+ Form of First Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on August 6, 2013 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.44+ Charter Communications, Inc. 2016 Executive Incentive Performance Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the proxy statement for the Charter Communications, Inc. 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed March 17, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.45+ Charter Communications, Inc. Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on May 19, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.46+ Amendment to the Charter Communications, Inc. Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan, dated as of October 25, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on October 28, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.47+ Charter Communications, Inc. s Amended and Restated Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan, dated as of September 1, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on September 2, 2011 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 
 E-10 

10.48+ Form of Non-Qualified Time Vesting Stock Option Agreement dated April 26, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on August 2, 2011 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.49+ Form of Non-Qualified Price Vesting Stock Option Agreement dated April 26, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on August 2, 2011 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.50+ Form of Notice of LTIP Award Agreement Changes (RSU Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on January 22, 2014 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.51+ Form of Notice of LTIP Award Agreement Changes (Time-Vesting Option Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on January 22, 2014 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.52+ Form of Notice of LTIP Award Agreement Changes (Restricted Stock Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on January 22, 2014 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.53+ Form of Notice of LTIP Award Agreement Changes (Performance-Vesting Option Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on January 22, 2014 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.54+ Form of Stock Option Agreement dated January 15, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on January 22, 2014 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.55+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement dated January 15, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on January 22, 2014 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.56+ Form of Amendment to Nonqualified Stock Option Agreements Granted Under the Charter Communications, Inc. Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan, dated as of October 25, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on October 28, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.57+ Form of Performance-Vesting Stock Option Agreement granted to certain executive officers in 2016 under the Charter Communications, Inc. Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.102 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on February 16, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.58+ Form of Performance-Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Agreement granted to certain executive officers in 2016 under the Charter Communications, Inc. Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.103 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on February 16, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.59+ Charter Communications, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the proxy statement for the Charter Communications, Inc. 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed March 14, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.60+ Amendment to the Charter Communications, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, dated as of January 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.152 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on January 31, 2020 (File No. 001-33664)) . 
 10.61+ Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Charter Communications, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Charter Communications, Inc. filed July 26, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.62+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Charter Communications, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Charter Communications, Inc. filed July 26, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.63+ Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Charter Communications, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Charter Communications, Inc. filed July 26, 2019 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.64+ Time Warner Cable Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to TWC s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 13, 2007 and filed with the SEC on February 13, 2007). 
 10.65+ Time Warner Cable Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, effective March 12, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TWC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009). 
 10.66+ Time Warner Cable Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Annex A to TWC s definitive Proxy Statement dated April 6, 2011 and filed with the SEC on April 6, 2011). 
 10.67+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2022, by and between Charter Communications, Inc. and Thomas M. Rutledge (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on September 21, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 
 E-11 

10.68(a)+ Employment Agreement, dated July 27, 2021, between Charter Communications, Inc. and David G. Ellen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on July 30, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.68(b)+ Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2022, by and between Charter C ommunications, Inc. and David G. Ellen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on October 28, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.69+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2022, by and between Charter Communications, Inc. and Christopher L. Winfrey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on September 21, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.70+ Employment Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2022, by and between Charter Communications, Inc. and Richard J. DiGeronimo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Charter Communications, Inc. on September 21, 2022 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.71(a)+ Employment Agreement , dated as of February 5, 2021 , by and between Charter Communications, Inc. and Jessica Fischer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on October 19, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.71(b)+ Employment Agreement, dated as of January 26 , 2023, by and between Charter Communications, Inc. and Jessica Fischer. 
 10.72(a)+ Employment Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2021, by and between Charter Communications, Inc. and Jonathan Hargis. 
 10.72(b)+ Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2022, by and between Charter Communications, Inc. and Jonathan Hargis. 
 10.73 Letter Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2016, between Charter Communications, Inc. and Advance/Newhouse Partnership (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on December 28, 2016 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.74 Amendment to Letter Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2017, between Charter Communications, Inc. and Advance/Newhouse Partnership (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on December 22, 2017 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 10.75 Letter Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2021, between Charter Communications, Inc. and Liberty Broadband Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Charter Communications, Inc. filed on February 24, 2021 (File No. 001-33664)). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Charter Communications, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 31.1 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer). 
 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Financial Officer). 
 101 The following financial information from Charter Communications, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 27, 2023, formatted in iXBRL (inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover page, formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 _____________ 
 Filed herewith 
 + Management compensatory plan or arrangement 
 E-12 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Audited Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 
 Auditor Name: 
 Auditor Location: 
 Auditor Firm ID: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Charter Communications, Inc.: 
 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Charter Communications, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 F-2 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Testing of residential and commercial revenue 
 
 As discussed in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded residential and commercial revenue of 48.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. This revenue is derived primarily from monthly subscription charges from its Internet, video, and voice services. Revenue is recognized as the services are provided to a customer on a monthly basis. The processing and recording of revenue are reliant upon multiple information technology (IT) systems. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over residential and commercial revenue as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required in evaluating the sufficiency of audit evidence over residential and commercial revenue due to the volume of data and the number of accounting systems. Specifically, obtaining an understanding of the systems and processes used in the Company s recognition of residential and commercial revenue and evaluating the related internal controls required significant audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge related to IT. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s residential and commercial revenue processes. This included manual and automated controls over the IT systems used for the processing and recording of residential and commercial revenue. We involved IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in testing certain IT applications that are used by the Company in its recognition of residential and commercial revenue. We assessed recorded residential and commercial revenue by comparing the cash received related to residential and commercial revenue transactions during the year to the revenue recorded in the consolidated financial statements. We evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained by assessing the results of procedures performed. 

(signed) KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 January 26, 2023 

F-3 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (dollars in millions, except share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets INVESTMENT IN CABLE PROPERTIES: Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Customer relationships, net Franchises Goodwill Total investment in cable properties, net OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities LONG-TERM DEBT DEFERRED INCOME TAXES OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY: Class A common stock; par value; million shares authorized; 
 and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Class B common stock; par value; shares authorized; 
 share issued and outstanding 
 Preferred stock; par value; million shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Charter shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (dollars in millions, except per share and share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 REVENUES COSTS AND EXPENSES: Operating costs and expenses (exclusive of items shown separately below) 
 Depreciation and amortization Other operating expenses, net Income from operations OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES): Interest expense, net 
 ) ) ) Other income (expenses), net ) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Consolidated net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) Net income attributable to Charter shareholders EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO CHARTER SHAREHOLDERS: Basic 
 Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (dollars in millions) 
 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total Charter Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Shareholders Equity BALANCE, December 31, 2019 Consolidated net income Stock compensation expense Exercise of stock options Issuance of equity Purchases and retirement of treasury stock ) ) ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest, net of tax ) ) ) ) Change in noncontrolling interest ownership, net of tax ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) BALANCE, December 31, 2020 ) Consolidated net income Stock compensation expense Exercise of stock options Purchases and retirement of treasury stock ) ) ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest, net of tax ) ) ) ) Preferred unit conversion and change in noncontrolling interest ownership, net of tax ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) BALANCE, December 31, 2021 ) Consolidated net income Stock compensation expense Exercise of stock options Purchases and retirement of treasury stock ) ) ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest, net of tax ) ) ) ) Change in noncontrolling interest ownership, net of tax ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) BALANCE, December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (dollars in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Consolidated net income Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net income to net cash flows from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock compensation expense Noncash interest income, net ) ) ) Deferred income taxes Other, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions and dispositions: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other Net cash flows from operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Change in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures ) Purchases of wireless spectrum licenses ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash flows from investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Borrowings of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Payments for debt issuance costs ) ) ) Issuance of equity Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Other, net ) Net cash flows from financing activities ) ) ) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period CASH PAID FOR INTEREST CASH PAID FOR TAXES 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

1. 

2. 

F-8 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

impairments of long-lived assets held for use were recorded in 2022, 2021 and 2020. For non-strategic long-lived assets held for sale, the Company recorded impairments of approximately million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to other operating expenses, net (see Note 14). 

billion in federal subsidies to be received monthly over ten years to deploy and operate broadband services to unserved communities to more than one million estimated passings. For accounting purposes, RDOF subsidies are recorded as other revenue since the primary conditions for the receipt of the subsidies are the build out and operation of the broadband network over the ten years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, other revenues included approximately million of RDOF subsidy revenue. The Company has also been awarded broadband grants to construct broadband infrastructure to unserved and underserved communities by various state and local governments. For accounting purposes state broadband grants are recorded as a reduction to property, plant and equipment, since the primary conditions for these grants are to build out the broadband network. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the amount of state broadband grants recorded in the consolidated financial statements was not material. 
 
 F-9 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

reportable segment. 

3. 
 
 - years 
 Customer premise equipment and installations - years 
 Vehicles and equipment - years 
 Buildings and improvements - years 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment - years 

The Company periodically evaluates the estimated useful lives used to depreciate its assets and the estimated amount of assets that will be abandoned or have minimal use in the future. A significant change in assumptions about the extent or timing of future asset retirements, or in the Company s use of new technology and upgrade programs, could materially affect future depreciation expense. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was billion, billion, and billion, respectively. 
 
 F-10 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

Customer premise equipment and installations Vehicles and equipment Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) 

4. 

F-11 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 - years based on the period over which current customers are expected to generate cash flows. The Company periodically evaluates the remaining useful lives of its customer relationships to determine whether events or circumstances warrant revision to the remaining periods of amortization. Customer relationships are evaluated for impairment upon the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Customer relationships are deemed impaired when the carrying value exceeds the projected undiscounted future cash flows associated with the customer relationships. No impairment of customer relationships was recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 The Company owns approximately million of Citizens Broadband Radio Service ("CBRS") priority access licenses. The wireless spectrum licenses are considered indefinite life intangible assets recorded in other noncurrent assets on the Company's consolidated balance sheets and payments (including deposits) are presented as an investing cash outflow on the Company s statements of cash flows. The Company elected to perform a qualitative impairment assessment in 2022 and concluded that its CBRS priority access licenses are not impaired. 
 
 Goodwill Wireless spectrum licenses Trademarks Finite-lived intangible assets: Customer relationships ) ) Other intangible assets ) ) ) ) 
 
 Amortization expense related to customer relationships and other intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was billion, billion and billion, respectively. 

F-12 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

5. 

Other investments Total investments 
 
 In June 2022, the Company and Comcast Corporation ("Comcast") entered into a 50/50 joint venture to develop and offer a next-generation streaming platform on a variety of streaming devices and smart TVs. Comcast licensed its streaming platform and hardware to the joint venture and contributed the retail business for XClass TVs and Xumo, a streaming service it acquired in 2020. The Company's investment is approximately million with million paid in 2022 and with the remaining non-cancelable required contributions to be paid over multiple years and recorded as liabilities as of December 31, 2022. The Company accounts for the investment as an equity method investment and records investment income (loss) on its share of the joint venture income (loss). 
 
 The Company's equity-method investments balances reflected in the table above includes differences between the acquisition date fair value of certain investments acquired and the underlying equity in the net assets of the investee, referred to as a basis difference. This basis difference is amortized as a component of equity earnings. The remaining unamortized basis difference was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 million, million and million, respectively, which were recorded in other income (expenses), net in the consolidated statements of operations. 

F-13 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 6. 
 
 Deferred revenue Accrued liabilities: Programming costs Labor Capital expenditures Interest Taxes and regulatory fees Property and casualty Operating lease liabilities Other 

7. 

Operating lease expenses were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, inclusive of both short-term lease costs and variable lease costs that were not included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities. 
 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities, recorded as operating cash flows in the statements of cash flows, were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F-14 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 Operating lease liabilities: Current portion included within accounts payable and accrued liabilities Long-term portion included within other long-term liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases years years Weighted average discount rate for operating leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Undiscounted lease cash flow commitments 
 Reconciling impact from discounting ) Lease liabilities on consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 

8. 
 
 Senior secured notes and debentures (a) 
 Credit facilities (b) 
 Total debt 
 
 (a) Includes the Company's million aggregate principal amount of fixed-rate British pound sterling denominated notes (the Sterling Notes (remeasured at million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, using the exchange rate at the respective dates) and the Company's million aggregate principal amount of Sterling Notes (remeasured at million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, using the exchange rate at the respective dates). 
 billion as of December 31, 2022. 

F-15 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes and Charter Operating and Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp. jointly issued billion aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes. The notes were issued at varying rates, prices and maturity dates and the net proceeds were used to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes, including funding buybacks of Charter Class A common stock and Charter Holdings common units as well as repaying certain indebtedness. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company repurchased billion, billion and billion, respectively, of various series of senior notes. 
 
 ) ) Time Warner Cable, LLC notes redemption Charter Operating notes redemption ) Charter Operating credit facility refinancing 
 ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) ) 
 
 CCO Holdings Notes 
 
 The CCO Holdings notes are senior debt obligations of CCO Holdings and CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and rank equally with all other current and future unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of CCO Holdings and CCO Holdings Capital Corp. They are structurally subordinated to all obligations of subsidiaries of CCO Holdings. 
 
 CCO Holdings may redeem some or all of the CCO Holdings notes at any time at a premium. The optional redemption price declines to of the respective series principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on or after varying dates in 2023 through 2031. 
 
 In addition, at any time prior to varying dates in 2023 through 2025, CCO Holdings may redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of certain notes at a premium plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings (as defined in the indenture); provided that certain conditions are met. In the event of specified change of control events, CCO Holdings must offer to purchase the outstanding CCO Holdings notes from the holders at a purchase price equal to of the total principal amount of the notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 The indentures governing the CCO Holdings notes contain certain covenants that restrict the ability of CCO Holdings, CCO Holdings Capital Corp. and all of their restricted subsidiaries to: 
 
 incur additional debt; 
 pay dividends on equity or repurchase equity; 
 make investments; 
 sell all or substantially all of their assets or merge with or into other companies; 
 sell assets; 
 in the case of restricted subsidiaries, create or permit to exist dividend or payment restrictions with respect to CCO Holdings, guarantee their parent companies debt, or issue specified equity interests; 
 engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and 
 grant liens (with respect to only CCO Holdings). 

F-16 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 to . The leverage ratio was as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Charter Operating Notes 
 
 The Charter Operating notes are guaranteed by CCO Holdings and substantially all of the subsidiaries of Charter Operating. In addition, the Charter Operating notes are secured by a perfected first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of Charter Operating and substantially all of its subsidiaries to the extent such liens can be perfected under the Uniform Commercial Code by the filing of a financing statement and the liens rank equally with the liens on the collateral securing obligations under the Charter Operating credit facilities. Charter Operating may redeem some or all of the Charter Operating notes at any time at a premium. 
 
 The Charter Operating notes are subject to the terms and conditions of the indentures governing the Charter Operating notes. The Charter Operating notes indentures contain customary representations and warranties and affirmative covenants with customary negative covenants, including restrictions on the ability of Charter Operating or any of its material subsidiaries to incur liens securing indebtedness for borrowed money and on the ability of Charter Operating to consolidate, merge or convey or transfer substantially all of their assets. The Charter Operating indentures also contain customary events of default. 
 
 Charter Operating Credit Facilities 
 
 In May 2022, Charter Operating entered into an amendment to its credit agreement. The Charter Operating credit facilities have an outstanding principal amount of billion at December 31, 2022 as follows: 
 
 term loan A-5 with a remaining principal amount of approximately billion, which is repayable in quarterly installments and aggregating million in each loan year, with the remaining balance due at final maturity on August 31, 2027. Pricing on term loan A-5 is Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus ; 
 term loan A-6 with a remaining principal amount of approximately million, which is repayable in quarterly installments and aggregating million in each loan year, with the remaining balance due at final maturity on August 31, 2028. Pricing on term loan A-6 is SOFR plus ; 
 term loan B-1 with a remaining principal amount of approximately billion, which is repayable in equal quarterly installments and aggregating million in each loan year, with the remaining balance due at final maturity on April 30, 2025. Pricing on term loan B-1 is LIBOR plus ; 
 term loan B-2 with a remaining principal amount of approximately billion, which is repayable in equal quarterly installments and aggregating million in each loan year, with the remaining balance due at final maturity on February 1, 2027. Pricing on term loan B-2 is LIBOR plus ; and 
 a revolving loan with an outstanding balance of billion and allowing for borrowings of up to billion maturing on August 31, 2027. Pricing on the revolving loan is SOFR plus with a commitment fee based on Charter's corporate family rating and not to exceed . As of December 31, 2022, million of the revolving loan was utilized to collateralize a like principal amount of letters of credit out of million of letters of credit issued on the Company s behalf. 
 
 Amounts outstanding under the Charter Operating credit facilities bear interest, at Charter Operating s election, at a base rate, SOFR or LIBOR, as defined, plus an applicable margin. SOFR and LIBOR were both as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021, LIBOR was . 
 
 The Charter Operating credit facilities also allow us to enter into incremental term loans in the future, with amortization as set forth in the notices establishing such term loans. Although the Charter Operating credit facilities allow for the incurrence of a certain amount of incremental term loans subject to pro forma compliance with its financial maintenance covenants, no assurance can be given that the Company could obtain additional incremental term loans in the future if Charter Operating sought to do so or what amount of incremental term loans would be allowable at any given time under the terms of the Charter Operating credit facilities. 

F-17 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 of the principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the Sterling Notes to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 
 TWCE Debentures 
 
 The TWCE senior debentures are guaranteed by CCO Holdings, Charter Operating, and substantially all of the subsidiaries of Charter Operating (other than TWCE) and rank equally with the liens on the collateral securing obligations under the Charter Operating notes and credit facilities. Interest on each series of TWCE senior debentures is payable semi-annually in arrears. The TWCE senior debentures are not redeemable before maturity. 
 
 The TWCE indentures contain customary covenants relating to restrictions on the ability of TWC, TWCE or any of its subsidiaries to incur liens securing indebtedness for borrowed money and on the ability of TWC, LLC and TWCE to consolidate, merge or convey or transfer substantially all of their assets. The TWCE indentures also contain customary events of default. 
 
 Limitations on Distributions 
 
 Distributions by the Company s subsidiaries to a parent company for payment of principal on parent company notes are restricted under the CCO Holdings indentures discussed above, unless there is no default under the applicable indenture, and unless CCO Holdings leverage ratio test is met at the time of such distribution. As of December 31, 2022, there was no default 
 
 F-18 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

F-19 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 9. 
 
 Issuance of equity Exercise of stock options Restricted stock issuances, net of cancellations Restricted stock unit vesting Purchase of treasury stock ) BALANCE, December 31, 2020 Exercise of stock options Restricted stock issuances, net of cancellations Restricted stock unit vesting Purchase of treasury stock ) BALANCE, December 31, 2021 Exercise of stock options Restricted stock issuances, net of cancellations Restricted stock unit vesting Purchase of treasury stock ) BALANCE, December 31, 2022 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 Income tax withholding Exercise cost 
 
 Share buybacks above include shares of Charter Class A common stock purchased from Liberty Broadband Corporation Liberty Broadband pursuant to the LBB Letter Agreement as follows (see Note 19). 
 
 F-20 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

Amount of shares purchased 
 
 In January 2023, the Company purchased from Liberty Broadband an additional million shares of Charter Class A common stock for approximately million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Charter had remaining board authority to purchase an additional million of Charter s Class A common stock and/or Charter Holdings common units, excluding purchases from Liberty Broadband. The Company also withholds shares of its Class A common stock in payment of income tax withholding owed by employees upon vesting of equity awards as well as exercise costs owed by employees upon exercise of stock options. 
 
 In March 2020, pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement among Liberty Broadband, A/N and Charter, dated May 23, 2015 (the "Stockholders Agreement"), Charter, Liberty and A/N closed on transactions in which Liberty Broadband and A/N exercised their preemptive right to purchase and shares, respectively, of Charter Class A common stock for a total purchase price of approximately million. 
 
 At the end of each fiscal year, Charter s board of directors approves the retirement of the then currently outstanding treasury stock and those shares were retired as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company accounts for treasury stock using the cost method and includes treasury stock as a component of total shareholders equity. Upon retirement, these treasury shares are allocated between additional paid-in capital and retained earnings (accumulated deficit) based on the cost of original issue included in additional paid-in capital. 

10. 
 
 . The Company is a holding company whose principal asset is a controlling equity interest in Charter Holdings, the indirect owner of the Company s cable systems. Noncontrolling interests on the Company s balance sheet primarily includes A/N s equity interests in Charter Holdings, which is comprised of a common ownership interest and prior to June 18, 2021, a convertible preferred ownership interest. 
 
 On June 18, 2021, the Company caused the conversion of all of A/N's million Charter Holdings convertible preferred units into Charter Holdings common units. Each preferred unit was converted into Charter Holdings common unit, representing a conversion price of per unit, based on a conversion feature as defined in the Limited Liability Company Agreement of Charter Holdings, resulting in the issuance of a total of million common units to A/N. The convertible preferred units had a face amount of billion and paid a annual preferred dividend which was paid quarterly in cash. Net income of Charter Holdings attributable to A/N's preferred noncontrolling interest for financial reporting purposes was based on the preferred dividend which was million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, A/N held million Charter Holdings common units which are exchangeable at any time into either Charter Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, or, at Charter s option, cash, based on the then current market price of Charter Class A common stock. Net income of Charter Holdings attributable to A/N s common noncontrolling interest for financial reporting purposes is based on the weighted average effective common ownership interest of approximately during 2022, prior to the conversion of the preferred units and after conversion during 2021 and during 2020, and was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Charter Holdings is required to make quarterly cash tax distributions (with annual true-ups) on a pro rata basis to its partners based on the partner with the highest proportionate cash tax requirement. To the extent such tax distributions would exceed Charter s cash tax requirements, it may waive its entitlement to tax distributions and, instead, issue a non-pro rata "advance" to A/N, which will accrue interest at a money market rate and will reduce A/N s exchange value into cash or Charter Class A common stock. Charter Holdings distributed million, million and million to A/N as a pro rata tax distribution on its common units during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 F-21 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

Amount of units purchased Decrease in noncontrolling interest based on carrying value ) ) ) Decrease in additional paid-in-capital, net of tax ) ) ) ) ) Increase in additional paid-in-capital, net of tax 
 
 As a result of the preferred unit conversion, the preferred noncontrolling interest carrying amount of billion was reclassified to common noncontrolling interest and remeasured to billion representing the relative effective Charter Holdings common ownership amount in all Charter Holdings partnership capital account balances resulting in a billion reclass from noncontrolling interest to additional paid-in capital. A deferred tax liability of million was recorded with the offset to additional paid-in capital as part of the Charter Holdings ownership change equity adjustments. 

11. 
 
 billion aggregate principal amount of fixed-rate British pound sterling denominated debt, including annual interest payments and the payment of principal at maturity, to fixed-rate U.S. dollar denominated debt. The cross-currency swaps have maturities of June 2031 and July 2042. 
 
 The fair value of the Company's cross-currency derivatives, which are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy, was million and million and is included in other long-term liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. ) Foreign currency remeasurement of Sterling Notes to U.S. dollars ) Loss on financial instruments, net ) ) ) 

F-22 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 12. 
 
 Video Voice Residential revenue Small and medium business Enterprise Commercial revenue Advertising sales Mobile Other 
 
 billion for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are reported in revenues on a gross basis with a corresponding operating expense because the Company is acting as a principal. Certain taxes, such as sales taxes imposed on the Company s customers, collected and remitted to state and local authorities, are recorded on a net basis because the Company is acting as an agent in such situations. 

F-23 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

Other noncurrent assets: Equipment installment plan receivables, net Contract acquisition and fulfillment costs Accounts payables and accrued liabilities: Customer prepayments and upfront deferred installation fees 

F-24 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 Charged to expense Uncollected balances written off, net of recoveries ) ) ) Balance, end of period 

13. 
 
 Regulatory, connectivity and produced content Costs to service customers Marketing Mobile Other 
 
 Programming costs consist primarily of costs paid to programmers for basic, premium, digital, video on demand and pay-per-view programming. Regulatory, connectivity and produced content costs represent payments to franchise and regulatory authorities, costs directly related to providing video, Internet and voice services as well as payments for sports, local and news content produced by the Company. Included in regulatory, connectivity and produced content costs are content acquisition costs for the Los Angeles Lakers basketball games and Los Angeles Dodgers baseball games, which are recorded as games are exhibited over the contract period. Costs to service customers include costs related to field operations, network operations and customer care for the Company s residential and SMB customers, including internal and third-party labor for the non-capitalizable portion of installations, service and repairs, maintenance, bad debt expense, billing and collection, occupancy and vehicle costs. Marketing costs represent the costs of marketing to current and potential residential and commercial customers including labor costs. Mobile costs represent costs associated with the Company's mobile service such as device and service costs, marketing, sales and commissions, retail stores, personnel costs, taxes, among others. Other includes corporate overhead, advertising sales expenses, indirect costs associated with the Company s enterprise business customers and regional sports and news networks, property tax and insurance expense and stock compensation expense, among others. 

14. 
 
 (Gain) loss on sale of assets, net ) 

F-25 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 million settlement with Sprint Communications Company L.P. and T-Mobile USA, Inc. 
 
 (Gain) loss on sale of assets, net 
 
 million impairment of non-strategic assets held for sale during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

15. ) ) Loss on financial instruments, net (see Note 11) ) ) ) Other pension benefits (costs), net (see Note 21) ) Loss on equity investments, net (see Note 5) ) ) ) ) ) 

16. 
 
 million shares of Charter Class A common stock (or units convertible into Charter Class A common stock). 
 
 , and , respectively; expected lives of years, years and years, respectively; and expected volatility of during the year ended December 31, 2022 and during each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company s volatility assumptions represent management s best estimate and were based on a review of historical and implied volatility. Expected lives were estimated using historical exercise data. The valuations assume no dividends are paid. The Company has elected an accounting policy to assume zero forfeitures for stock awards grants and account for forfeitures when they occur. 
 
 Stock options and restricted stock units generally cliff vest from the date of grant. Stock options generally expire from the grant date and restricted stock units have no voting rights. Restricted stock generally vests from the date of grant. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation remaining to be recognized in future periods totaled million for stock options, million for restricted stock and million for restricted stock units and the weighted average period over which they are expected to be recognized is years for stock options, months for restricted stock and years for restricted stock units. The Company recorded million, million and million of stock compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is included in operating costs and expenses. 

F-26 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 Granted Exercised ) ) ) Canceled ) ) ) Outstanding, end of period Weighted average remaining contractual life years years years Options exercisable, end of period Options expected to vest, end of period Weighted average fair value of options granted 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Canceled Outstanding, end of period 

F-27 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 Granted Vested ) ) ) Canceled ) ) ) Outstanding, end of period 

17. 

Substantially all of the Company s operations are held through Charter Holdings and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. Charter Holdings and the majority of its subsidiaries are generally limited liability companies that are not subject to income tax. However, certain of these limited liability companies are subject to state income tax. In addition, the subsidiaries that are corporations are subject to income tax. Generally, the taxable income, gains, losses, deductions and credits of Charter Holdings are passed through to its members, Charter and A/N. Charter is responsible for its share of taxable income or loss of Charter Holdings allocated to it in accordance with the Charter Holdings Limited Liability Company Agreement ("LLC Agreement") and partnership tax rules and regulations. As a result, Charter's primary deferred tax component recorded in the consolidated balance sheets relates to its excess financial reporting outside basis, excluding amounts attributable to nondeductible goodwill, over Charter's tax basis in the investment in Charter Holdings. 
 
 Charter Holdings, the indirect owner of the Company s cable systems, generally allocates its taxable income, gains, losses, deductions and credits proportionately according to the members respective ownership interests, except for special allocations required under Section 704(c) of the Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury Regulations Section 704(c) ). Pursuant to Section 704(c) and the LLC Agreement, each item of income, gain, loss and deduction with respect to any property contributed to the capital of the partnership shall, solely for tax purposes, be allocated among the members so as to take into account any variation between the adjusted basis of such property to the partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and its initial gross asset value using the traditional method as described in the Treasury Regulations. 

F-28 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) ) State income taxes ) ) ) Current income tax expense ) ) ) Deferred benefit (expense): Federal income taxes ) ) ) State income taxes ) Deferred income tax expense ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) 
 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 as follows: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Statutory federal income taxes ) ) ) Statutory state income taxes, net ) ) ) Change in uncertain tax positions ) ) ) Nondeductible expenses ) ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Excess stock compensation Federal tax credits Tax rate changes Other Income tax expense ) ) ) 

F-29 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 Accrued and other Total gross deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Investment in partnership ) ) Accrued and other ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 The deferred tax liabilities on the investment in partnership above includes approximately million and million net deferred tax liabilities relating to certain indirect subsidiaries that file separate state income tax returns at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Carryforwards 
 
 Charter has federal tax net operating loss carryforwards that expire in 2035 resulting from the operations of Charter Communications Holdings Company, LLC ("Charter Holdco") and its subsidiaries and from loss carryforwards received as a result of the merger with Time Warner Cable Inc. ("TWC"). In addition, Charter has state tax net operating loss carryforwards that generally expire in the years 2023 through 2042. Charter's federal tax loss carryforwards are subject to Section 382 and other restrictions. Also included in carryforwards is Charter's Section 163(j) interest limitation, which is based on interest expense that is not deductible in the current year due to taxable income limitations. The limited interest carryforward has an indefinite carryforward period and will become deductible when Charter generates taxable income sufficient to overcome the limitation. 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 
 Under the LLC Agreement, A/N has the right to exchange at any time some or all of its common units in Charter Holdings for Charter s Class A common stock or cash, at Charter s option. Pursuant to a Tax Receivable Agreement ("TRA") between Charter and A/N, Charter must pay to A/N of the tax benefit when realized by Charter from the step-up in tax basis resulting from any future exchange or sale of the common units. Charter did not record a liability for this obligation as of the acquisition date since the tax benefit is dependent on uncertain future events that are outside of Charter s control, such as the timing of a conversion or exchange. A future exchange or sale is not based on a fixed and determinable date and the exchange or sale is not certain to occur. If all of A/N's partnership units were to be exchanged or sold in the future, the undiscounted value of the obligation is currently estimated to be in the range of to billion depending on measurement of the tax step-up in the future and Charter s ability to realize the tax benefit in the periods following the exchange or sale. Factors impacting these calculations include, but are not limited to, the fair value of the equity at the time of the exchange and the effective tax rates when the benefits are realized. 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
 The net amount of the unrecognized tax benefits recorded as of December 31, 2022 that could impact the effective tax rate is million. The Company has determined that it is reasonably possible that its existing reserve for uncertain tax positions as 
 
 F-30 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 million during the year ended December 31, 2023 related to various ongoing audits, settlement discussions and expiration of statute of limitations with various state and local agencies; however, various events could cause the Company s current expectations to change in the future. These uncertain tax positions, if ever recognized in the financial statements, would be recorded in the consolidated statements of operations as part of the income tax provision. 
 
 Activity on prior year tax positions ) Additions on current year tax positions Reductions on settlements and expirations with taxing authorities ) BALANCE, December 31, 2021 Activity on prior year tax positions ) Additions on current year tax positions Reductions on settlements and expirations with taxing authorities ) BALANCE, December 31, 2022 
 
 Charter is currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") for income tax purposes for 2016 and 2019. Charter's 2020 and 2021 tax years remain open for examination and assessment. Charter s 2017 and 2018 tax years remain open solely for purposes of loss and credit carryforwards. Charter s short period return dated May 17, 2016 (prior to the merger with TWC and acquisition of Bright House Networks, LLC ("Bright House")) and prior years remain open solely for purposes of examination of Charter s loss and credit carryforwards. The IRS is currently examining Charter Holdings income tax return for 2016, 2019 and 2021. Charter Holdings 2020 tax year remains open for examination and assessment, while 2017 and 2018 remain open solely for purposes of credit carryforwards. The IRS is currently examining TWC s income tax returns for 2011 through 2015. Prior to TWC s separation from Time Warner Inc. Time Warner in March 2009, TWC was included in the consolidated U.S. federal and certain state income tax returns of Time Warner. The IRS has examined Time Warner s 2008 through 2010 income tax returns and the appeal results are being evaluated. The Company does not anticipate that these examinations will have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. In addition, the Company is also subject to ongoing examinations of the Company s tax returns by state and local tax authorities for various periods. Activity related to these state and local examinations did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, nor does the Company anticipate a material impact in the future. 

18. 
 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and Charter Holdings common and convertible preferred units of million for the year ended December 31, 2020 
 
 F-31 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

Effect of dilutive securities: Charter Holdings convertible preferred units Net income attributable to Charter shareholders after assumed conversions Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic Effect of dilutive securities: Assumed exercise or issuance of shares relating to stock plans Weighted average Charter Holdings convertible preferred units Weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted Basic earnings per common share attributable to Charter shareholders Diluted earnings per common share attributable to Charter shareholders 

19. 

F-32 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 of the tax benefit when realized by Charter from the step-up in tax basis resulting from any future exchange or sale of the common units. See Note 17 for more information. 
 
 In February 2021, Charter and Liberty Broadband entered into a letter agreement (the LBB Letter Agreement ). The LBB Letter Agreement implements Liberty Broadband s obligations under the Stockholders Agreement to participate in share repurchases by Charter. Under the LBB Letter Agreement, Liberty Broadband will sell to Charter, generally on a monthly basis, a number of shares of Charter Class A common stock representing an amount sufficient for Liberty Broadband s ownership of Charter to be reduced such that it does not exceed the ownership cap then applicable to Liberty Broadband under the Stockholders Agreement at a purchase price per share equal to the volume weighted average price per share paid by Charter for shares repurchased during such immediately preceding calendar month other than (i) purchases from A/N, (ii) purchases in privately negotiated transactions or (iii) purchases for the withholding of shares of Charter Class A common stock pursuant to equity compensation programs of Charter. 
 
 Gregory Maffei, a director of Charter and President and CEO and director and holder of voting interest in Liberty Broadband, is Chairman of the board of directors of Qurate Retail, Inc. ("Qurate") and Dr. John Malone, a director emeritus of Charter, Chairman of the board of directors of Liberty Broadband and holder of of voting interest in Liberty Broadband, also serves on the Qurate board of directors. As reported in SEC filings of Qurate, Mr. Maffei and Dr. Malone, Mr. Maffei has ownership of an approximate voting interest in Quarate and Dr. Malone has ownership of an approximate voting interest in Qurate. Qurate wholly owns HSN, Inc. HSN and QVC, Inc. QVC ). The Company has programming relationships with HSN and QVC. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded revenue in aggregate of approximately million, million and million, respectively, from HSN and QVC as part of channel carriage fees and revenue sharing arrangements for home shopping sales made to customers in the Company s footprint. 
 
 Equity Investments 
 
 million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

20. 
 
 Other (b) 

(a) The Company pays programming fees under multi-year contracts, typically based on a flat fee per customer, which may be fixed for the term, or may in some cases escalate over the term. Programming costs included in the statements of operations were billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. Certain of the Company s programming agreements are based on a flat fee per month or have guaranteed minimum payments. The table sets forth the aggregate guaranteed minimum commitments under the Company s programming contracts. 
 
 F-33 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

The following items are not included in the contractual obligation table due to various factors discussed below. However, the Company incurs these costs as part of its operations: 
 
 The Company rents utility poles used in its operations. Generally, pole rentals are cancelable on short notice, but the Company anticipates that such rentals will recur. Rent expense incurred for pole rental attachments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 The Company pays franchise fees under multi-year franchise agreements based on a percentage of revenues generated from video service per year. The Company also pays other franchise related costs, such as public education grants, under multi-year agreements. Franchise fees and other franchise-related costs included in the accompanying statement of operations were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 
 The Company has million in letters of credit, of which million is secured under the Charter Operating credit facility, primarily to its various casualty carriers as collateral for reimbursement of workers' compensation, auto liability and general liability claims, as well as million of surety bonds. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 In August 2015, a purported stockholder of Charter, Matthew Sciabacucchi, filed a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery, on behalf of a putative class of Charter stockholders, challenging the transactions involving Charter, TWC, A/N, and Liberty Broadband announced by Charter on May 26, 2015. The lawsuit, which named as defendants Charter and its board of directors, alleged that the transactions resulted from breaches of fiduciary duty by Charter s directors and that Liberty Broadband improperly benefited from the challenged transactions at the expense of other Charter stockholders. On January 12, 2023, the parties reached a tentative agreement to settle the lawsuit. The settlement is subject to preliminary and final approval by the court and will result in a net payment to Charter as a result of the settlement of the derivative claims by the plaintiffs. The Company cannot provide assurance that this tentative settlement will be finalized and approved by the court. Pending finalization of the settlement and in the event the settlement is not finalized and approved by the court, the Company will continue to vigorously defend this lawsuit. Although Charter is unable to predict the outcome of this lawsuit, it does not expect the outcome will have a material effect on its operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 
 The California Attorney General and the Alameda County, California District Attorney are investigating whether certain of Charter s waste disposal policies, procedures and practices are in violation of the California Business and Professions Code and the California Health and Safety Code. That investigation was commenced in January 2014. A similar investigation involving TWC was initiated in February 2012. Charter is cooperating with these investigations. While the Company is unable to predict the outcome of these investigations, it does not expect that the outcome will have a material effect on its operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 
 In March 2020, Charter Communications, LLC CC, LLC ), an indirect subsidiary of the Company, was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in Dallas, Texas related to the fatal stabbing of an individual in her home by an off duty CC, LLC technician: William Goff, as Personal Representative of Betty Jo McClain Thomas, deceased, et al. v. Roy James Holden, Jr. and Charter Communications, LLC, Case No. CC-20-01579-E, pending in County Court at Law No. 5 for Dallas County, Texas. The complaint alleged that CC, LLC was responsible for Mrs. Thomas' death. Following a two phase trial, the jury returned a verdict finding CC, LLC ninety percent at fault for Mrs. Thomas death, and awarded compensatory damages of million to plaintiffs and then awarded billion in punitive damages to plaintiffs on July 26, 2022. On October 7, 2022, plaintiffs filed a motion for a judgment that proposed a reduced total award of billion. The trial judge signed the judgment, and CC, LLC posted a million bond to stay the judgment pending appeals. On January 11, 2023, and after issuing a series of decreasing settlement demands over several months, the plaintiffs issued a new, lower settlement demand to CC, LLC and its insurers, and then on January 18, 2023, plaintiffs also filed a notice of remittitur with the court to further reduce the judgment to million, comprised of million in actual damages, and million in punitive damages. On January 24, 2023 and upon the insistence and demand of its insurers, CC, LLC reached a tentative settlement of this lawsuit at an amount substantially less than the reduced judgment and within CC, LLC s insurance coverage. In the event the settlement is not ultimately finalized, CC, LLC will continue to vigorously defend this lawsuit including pursuing all available appeals. 
 
 F-34 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

21. 

Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Settlement ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year 
 Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Settlement ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status 

F-35 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) ) ) Expected return on plan assets Remeasurement gain (loss) ) Net periodic pension benefit (cost) ) 
 
 The remeasurement gains (losses) recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were primarily driven by changes in the discount rate as well as gains or losses to record pension assets to fair value. 
 
 The discount rates used to determine benefit obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. The Company utilized the Pri-2012/MP 2020 mortality table published by the Society of Actuaries to measure the benefit obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 In developing the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the Company considered the pension portfolio s composition, past average rate of earnings and the Company s future asset allocation targets. The weighted average expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and discount rate used to determine net periodic pension benefit (cost) for the year ended December 31, 2023 are expected to be and , respectively. The Company determined the discount rates used to determine benefit obligations and net periodic pension benefit (cost) based on the yield of a large population of high quality corporate bonds with cash flows sufficient in timing and amount to settle projected future defined benefit payments. 
 
 Pension Plan Assets 
 
 The assets of the qualified pension plans are held in a master trust in which the qualified pension plans are the only participating plans (the Master Trust ). The investment policy for the qualified pension plans is to manage the assets of the Master Trust with the objective to provide for pension liabilities to be met, maintaining retirement income security for the participants of the plans and their beneficiaries. The investment portfolio is a mix of pooled funds invested in fixed income securities, equity securities and certain alternative investments with the objective of matching plan liability performance, diversifying risk and achieving a target investment return. Pension assets are managed in a balanced portfolio comprised of two major components: a return-seeking portion and a liability-matching portion. 
 
 The Company uses an investment strategy designed to increase the fixed income allocation as the funded status of the qualified pension plans improves. As the qualified pension plans reach set funded status milestones, the assets will be rebalanced to shift more assets from equity to fixed income. Based on the progress with this strategy, the target investment allocation for pension fund assets is permitted to vary within specified ranges subject to Investment Committee approval for return-seeking securities and liability-matching securities. As of December 31, 2022, the target investment allocation for return-seeking securities was - , with the remaining in liability-matching securities. The actual investment allocation as of December 31, 2022 was return-seeking and liability-matching. 

F-36 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 Collective trust funds (a) 
 Total investment assets Accrued investment income and other receivables Accrued liabilities ) ) Investments measured at net asset value (b) 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 
 (a) Collective trust funds consist of bond funds with corporate and U.S. treasury debt securities, equity funds with global equity index, infrastructure and real estate securities and short-term investment strategies comprised of instruments issued or fully guaranteed by the U.S. government and/or its agencies and multi-strategy funds, which are valued using the net assets provided by the administrator of the fund. The value of each fund is based on the readily determinable fair value of the underlying assets owned by the fund, less liabilities, and then divided by the number of units outstanding. 
 (b) As a practical expedient, certain investment classes which hold securities that are not readily available for redemption and are measured at fair value using the net asset value ("NAV") per share (or its equivalent) have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The primary investment classes include alternative, fixed income and real estate funds. Certain investments report NAV per share on a month or quarter lag. There are no material unfunded commitments with respect to these investment classes. 
 
 Pension Plan Contributions 
 The Company made no cash contributions to the qualified pension plans during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; however, the Company may make discretionary cash contributions to the qualified pension plans in the future. Such contributions will be dependent on a variety of factors, including current and expected interest rates, asset performance, the funded status of the qualified pension plans and management s judgment. For the nonqualified unfunded pension plan, the Company will continue to make contributions during 2023 to the extent benefits are paid. 
 
 Benefit payments for the pension plans are expected to be million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027 and million in 2028 to 2032. 
 
 Defined Contribution Benefit Plans 
 
 The Company s employees may participate in the Charter Communications, Inc. 401(k) Savings Plan (the 401(k) Plan ). Employees that qualify for participation can contribute up to of their salary, on a pre-tax basis, subject to a maximum contribution limit as determined by the IRS. The Company s matching contribution is discretionary and is equal to of the amount of the salary reduction the participant elects to defer (up to of the participant s eligible compensation), excluding any catch-up contributions and is paid by the Company on a per pay period basis. 
 
 For employees who are not eligible to participate in the Company s long-term incentive plan and who are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement, the Company offers a contribution to the Retirement Accumulation Plan ("RAP"), equal to of eligible pay. The Company made contributions to the 401(k) plan and RAP totaling million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

22. 

F-37 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

23. 

Receivables from related party Prepaid expenses and other current assets Investment in subsidiaries Loans receivable - related party Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY Current liabilities Deferred income taxes Loans payable - related party Other long-term liabilities Shareholder's equity Total liabilities and shareholder's equity 

F-38 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (dollars in millions, except share or per share data or where indicated) 

 Interest income Equity in income of subsidiaries Total income EXPENSES Operating costs and expenses Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income 

Charter Communications, Inc. (Parent Company Only) Condensed Statements of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Contribution to subsidiaries ) ) ) Distributions from subsidiaries Net cash flows from investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from exercise of stock options Issuance of equity Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Net cash flows from related party loans ) ) Net cash flows from financing activities ) ) ) NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period 

F-39 

<EX-4.104>
 2
 chtr12312022exh-4104.htm
 EX-4.104

Document 
 Exhibit 4.104 

 Description of Charter Communications, Inc. Securities 
 Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 The following is a summary of the general terms and provisions of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 0.001 per share. The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. For a complete description of the terms and provisions of the Company s equity securities, including its Class A common stock, refer to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated Bylaws, both of which are filed as exhibits to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. Throughout this exhibit, references to we, our, us and the Company refer to Charter Communications, Inc. and not any of its subsidiaries. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given such terms in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 Under the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the total authorized capital stock of the Company is 1,150,001,000 shares, consisting of 
 
 900,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.001 per share 
 1,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.001 per share and 
 250,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. 
 
 The Company does not have the power to issue shares of Class B common stock to any person other than an A N party pursuant to the Contribution Agreement. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Holders of shares of the Company s common stock are entitled to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders, as a single class, including the election of directors, as follows 
 
 shares of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share and 
 shares of Class B common stock are entitled to a number of votes reflecting the voting power of the Charter Holdings common units (other than those owned by the Company) and the Charter Holdings exchangeable preferred units on an as-converted, as-exchanged basis. Any holder of Class B common stock who is not an A N party will not be entitled to any vote on any matter with respect to any Class B common stock held by such holder (other than as required by law). 
 
 The holders of the Company s common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. 
 
 Class B common stock will not have voting rights on any matter to the extent that any A N party (which includes A N, any Newhouse person (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement) and any of their respective affiliates), or any group including one or more A N parties, beneficially owns more than 49.5 of the outstanding Class A Common Stock. 
 
 Any shares owned by A N or Liberty Broadband in excess of its applicable voting cap must be voted in the same proportion as all other votes cast by the public stockholders of the Company, with certain exceptions set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement. The voting cap is defined in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to mean (A) in the case of Liberty Broadband, the greater of (x) the greater of 25.01 and 0.01 above the highest voting interest percentage of any other person or group (which will not exceed 23.5 in the case of A N) and (y) 23.5 , increased one-for-one to a maximum of 35 for each permanent reduction (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement) in A N s equity interest (on an as-converted, as-exchanged basis) in the Company below 15 and (B) in the case of A N, 23.5 , increased one-for-one to a maximum of 35 for each permanent reduction (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement) in Liberty Broadband s equity interest in the Company below 15 . 

Subject to limitations under the DGCL, preferences that may apply to any outstanding shares of the Company s preferred stock and any contractual restrictions, holders of each class of common stock will be entitled to receive ratably dividends or other distributions when and if declared by the board of directors. In addition to such restrictions, whether any future dividends are paid to the Company s stockholders will be in the discretion of the board of directors and will depend on, among other things, then-existing conditions, including the Company s financial condition, contractual restrictions, corporate law restrictions, capital requirements and business prospects. The ability of the board of directors to declare dividends also will be subject to the rights of any holders of outstanding shares of preferred stock and the availability of lawfully available funds to declare and pay dividends. 
 
 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will be entitled to share pari passu in the net assets of the Company available after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any outstanding class of preferred stock. 
 
 The Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation does not provide the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock with preemptive rights. However, in the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, the Company has agreed to give A N and Liberty certain contractual pre-emptive rights. 
 
 Shares of our Class A common stock trade on the NASDAQ under the symbol CHTR . 
 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 
 The DGCL provides that a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the board of directors or by any person or persons authorized by the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws. Under our Amended and Restated Bylaws, special meetings of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer or a majority of the directors of the Company. Special meetings of stockholders may not be called by stockholders. 
 
 Action by Written Consent of Stockholders 
 
 Under the DGCL, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a written consent or consents setting forth the action taken is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote upon such action were present and voted. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws do not restrict stockholders ability to act by written consent. 
 
 Certain Decisions by the Board of Directors 
 
 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that 
 
 our board of directors must act by majority vote of the full board, subject to the following 
 for so long as A N or Liberty Broadband has a voting or equity interest in the Company equal to or greater than 20 , any change of control of the Company will require the approval of (i) a majority of the full board of directors and (ii) a majority of the unaffiliated directors (which is defined to mean directors not appointed by A N or Liberty Broadband) 
 any transaction involving either A N or Liberty Broadband or their respective affiliates or associates and the Company (with limited exceptions) or any transaction in which A N or Liberty Broadband (or any of their respective affiliates or associates) will be treated differently from the holders of Class A common stock or Class B common stock of the Company will require the approval of (i) a majority of the unaffiliated directors plus (ii) a majority of the directors designated by the party without such a conflicting interest however, the approval requirement in this clause (ii) will not apply to ordinary course programming and distribution agreements and related ancillary agreements entered into on an arms length basis and 

any amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, including the filing of a Certificate of Designations relating to the issuance of preferred stock, will require the approval of (i) a majority of the full board and (ii) a majority of the unaffiliated directors 
 decisions of unaffiliated directors will exclude any directors who are not Independent of the Company, Liberty Broadband and A N and 
 any decision with respect to a stockholder rights plan, including whether to implement a stockholder rights plan, will be made by a majority of the unaffiliated directors. 
 
 Certain Board Nomination Rights 
 
 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that the number of directors that constitute the entire board of directors is fixed at thirteen, and A N and Liberty Broadband (which we refer to individually in this section as an investor party have the following board nomination rights (subject to the limitations set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement) 
 
 three director nominees, if such investor party s equity interest or voting interest in the Company is greater than or equal to 20 
 two director nominees, if such investor party s equity interest and voting interest in the Company are both less than 20 but such investor party s equity or voting interest is greater than or equal to 15 
 one director nominee, if such investor party s equity interest and voting interest in the Company are both less than 15 but such investor party s equity or voting interest is greater than or equal to 5 and 
 no director nominees if such investor party s equity interest and voting interest in the Company are both less than 5 
 
 provided, A N will be entitled to nominate two director nominees if it owns an equity or voting interest in the Company of 11 or more. 
 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 
 Potential Issuances of Shares 
 
 The Company s authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance without the approval of the Company s stockholders under Delaware law. The Company may use additional shares for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 
 Notice of Stockholders Meeting 
 
 The DGCL requires notice of stockholders meetings to be sent to all stockholders of record entitled to vote at the meeting not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting, except with regard to certain meetings, including those at which the stockholders are asked to vote upon a merger or a sale of all or substantially all the corporation s assets, in which case notice must be given not less than 20 days nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that notice of the purpose or purposes, place, date and hour of a meeting of stockholders must be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting, except as otherwise required by law. 
 
 Notice of Stockholder Action 
 
 Our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before an annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely prior written notice of their proposals. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be received at the Company s principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of 

the date of the prior year s annual meeting. If, however, the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after the anniversary date of the prior year s annual meeting, notice by the stockholder must be received not less than 90 days prior to the annual meeting or by the 10th day following the public announcement of the date of the meeting, whichever occurs later, and not more than 120 days prior to the annual meeting. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice. These provisions may limit a stockholder in bringing matters before an annual meeting of stockholders or in making nominations for directors at an annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Provisions Relating to Amendments of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Under the DGCL, after a corporation has received payment for its capital stock, a proposed amendment to the certificate of incorporation requires approval by the board of directors, a declaration by the board of directors of the amendment s advisability and an affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding stock entitled to vote thereon unless the certificate of incorporation requires a higher vote. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation does not include a higher vote requirement for amendments. Under the DGCL, a proposed amendment to the certificate of incorporation may require, in certain limited circumstances, an affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding stock of each class entitled to vote thereon, voting separately. 
 
 Under the DGCL, the power to adopt, alter and repeal bylaws is vested in the stockholders, except to the extent that a corporation s certificate of incorporation vests concurrent power in the board of directors. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws may be adopted, made, amended, supplemented or repealed (i) by our board of directors by vote of a majority of the board or (ii) by the stockholders by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of capital stock present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote thereon at a meeting of the stockholders. 
 
 In the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, the Company has contractually agreed to certain approval requirements for amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 
 
 Delaware corporate law contains a business combination statute DGCL Section 203 that protects domestic corporations from hostile takeovers and from actions following such a takeover, by prohibiting some transactions once an acquiror has gained a significant holding in the corporation. Delaware corporate law generally prohibits business combinations, including mergers, sales and leases of assets, issuances of securities and similar transactions by a corporation or a subsidiary with an interested stockholder who beneficially owns 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock, within three years after the person or entity becomes an interested stockholder, unless 
 
 the board of directors of the target corporation has approved, before the person or entity becomes an interested stockholder, either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the person becoming an interested stockholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the person becoming an interested stockholder, the person owns at least 85 of the corporation s voting stock (excluding shares owned by directors who are officers and shares owned by employee stock plans in which participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer) or 
 after the person or entity becomes an interested stockholder, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized by the vote of at least 66-2 3 of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 These restrictions on interested stockholders do not apply under some circumstances, including if the corporation s original certificate of incorporation contains a provision expressly electing not to be governed by the Delaware statute regulating business combinations, or if the corporation, by action of its stockholders, adopts an amendment to its certificate of incorporation or bylaws expressly electing not to be governed by these provisions of Delaware corporate law (and such amendment is duly approved by the stockholders entitled to vote thereon). The Company has not opted out of DGCL Section 203. 

</EX-4.104>

<EX-10.71(B)>
 3
 chtr12312022exh-1071b.htm
 EX-10.71(B)

Document 
 Exhibit 10.71(b) 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), by and between Charter Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Jessica Fischer Executive ), is dated as of January 26, 2023. 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Company to assure itself of the continued services of Executive by continuing to engage Executive as its Chief Financial Officer and the Executive desires to serve the Company on the terms herein provided 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive and the Company are party to an employment agreement dated and effective as of February 5, 2021 (the Prior Employment Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive and the Company (each a Party and collectively, the Parties desire to enter into this Agreement, as an amendment and restatement of the Prior Employment Agreement in order for the Company and its affiliates to continue to engage the services of Executive and Executive desires to continue to serve the Company on the terms herein provided and 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive s agreement to the terms and conditions of Sections 13, 14 and 15 are a material and essential condition of Executive s employment with the Company under the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the respective covenants and agreements set forth below, the Parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Certain Definitions . 
 
 (a) Accrued Obligations shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(b). 
 
 (b) Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 
 (c) Annual Base Salary shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5. 
 
 (d) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 (e) Bonus shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6. 
 
 (f) Bonus Year shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6. 
 
 (g) The Company shall have Cause to terminate Executive s employment hereunder upon 

(i) Executive s willful breach of a material obligation (which, if curable, is not cured within ten (10) business days after the Company provides written notice of such breach) or representation under this Agreement Executive s willful breach of any fiduciary duty to the Company or any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company (each such entity, an affiliate ), which, if curable, is not cured within ten (10) business days after the Company provides written notice of such breach or any act of fraud or willful and material misrepresentation or concealment upon, to or from the Company, any of its affiliates, or the Board 
 
 (ii) Executive s willful failure to comply in any material respect with (A) the Company s Code of Conduct in effect from time to time and applicable to officers and or employees generally or (B) any written Company policy, if such policy is material to the effective performance by Executive of Executive s duties under this Agreement, and, if such failure is curable, if Executive has been given a reasonable opportunity to cure this failure to comply within a period of time which is reasonable under the circumstances but not more than the thirty (30)-day period after written notice of such failure is provided to Executive provided that if Executive cures this failure and then fails again to comply with the same provision of the Code of Conduct or the same written Company policy, no further opportunity to cure that failure shall be required 
 
 (iii) Executive s misappropriation (or attempted misappropriation) of a material amount of the funds or property of the Company or any of its affiliates 
 
 (iv) Executive s conviction of, the entering of a guilty plea or plea of nolo contendere or no contest (or the equivalent), with respect to (A) either a felony or a crime that materially adversely affects, or could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect, the Company, any of its affiliates, or its business reputation or (B) fraud, embezzlement, or any felony offense involving dishonesty or constituting a breach of trust or moral turpitude 
 
 (v) Executive s admission of liability of, or finding of liability by a court of competent jurisdiction for, a knowing and deliberate violation of any Securities Laws provided that any termination of Executive by the Company for Cause pursuant to this clause (v) based on the finding of liability by a court shall be treated instead for all purposes of this Agreement as a termination by the Company without Cause, with effect as of the date of such termination, if such finding is reversed on appeal in a decision from which an appeal may not be taken or as to which the time to appeal has expired. As used herein, the term Securities Laws means any federal or state law, rule or regulation governing generally the issuance or exchange of securities, including without limitation the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act 
 
 (vi) Executive s illegal possession or use of any controlled substance or excessive use of alcohol, in each case at a work function, in connection with Executive s duties, or on Company premises excessive meaning either repeated unprofessional use or any single event of consumption giving rise to significant intoxication or unprofessional behavior or 
 2 

(vii) Executive s willful or grossly negligent commission of any other act or willful failure to act in connection with Executive s duties as an executive of the Company which causes or should reasonably be expected (as of the time of such occurrence) to cause substantial economic injury to or substantial injury to the business reputation of the Company or any of its affiliates, including, without limitation, any material violation of the FCPA, as described herein below. 
 
 No termination of Executive s employment shall be effective as a termination for Cause for purposes of this Agreement or any other Company Arrangements unless Executive shall first have been given written notice by the Board of its intention to terminate Executive s employment for Cause, such notice (the Cause Notice to state in detail the particular circumstances that constitute the grounds on which the proposed termination for Cause is based. If, within twenty (20) calendar days after such Cause Notice is given to Executive, the Board gives written notice to Executive confirming that, in the judgment of at least a majority of the members of the Board, Cause for terminating Executive s employment on the basis set forth in the original Cause Notice exists, Executive s employment hereunder shall thereupon be terminated for Cause, subject to de novo review, at Executive s election, through arbitration in accordance with Section 27. If Executive commits or is charged with committing any offense of the character or type specified in subparagraph 1(d)(iv), (v) or (vi) herein, then the Company at its option may suspend Executive with or without pay and such suspension shall not constitute Good Reason hereunder or for purposes of any other Company Arrangements. If Executive subsequently is convicted of, pleads guilty or nolo contendere (or equivalent plea) to, any such offense, Executive shall immediately repay the after-tax amount of any compensation paid in cash hereunder from the date of the suspension. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any stock option or equity incentive plan or award agreement, all vesting and all lapsing of restrictions on equity awards shall be tolled during the period of suspension and all unvested equity awards for which the restrictions have not lapsed shall terminate and not be exercisable by or issued to Executive if during or after such suspension Executive is convicted of, pleads guilty or nolo contendere (or equivalent plea) to, any offense specified in subparagraph 1(d)(iv) or (v). However, if Executive is found not guilty of all offenses relating to Executive s suspension, or the charges relating to all such offenses are otherwise dropped, Executive shall be entitled to immediate payment of any amounts not paid during the suspension and any awards as to which the vesting or lapsing of restrictions was tolled shall immediately vest and applicable restrictions shall immediately lapse. 
 
 (h) Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events 
 
 (i) an acquisition of any voting securities of the Company by any Person or Group (as those terms are used for purposes of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), immediately after which such Person has Beneficial Ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of thirty-five percent (35 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then-outstanding voting securities 
 3 

provided , however , that the acquisition of voting securities in a Non-Control Transaction (as hereinafter defined) shall not constitute a Change in Control 
 
 (ii) the individuals who, as of the Effective Date, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board ), cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board provided , however , that if the election, or nomination for election by the Company s common stockholders, of any new director (excluding any director whose nomination or election to the Board is the result of any actual or threatened proxy contest or settlement thereof) was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Board, such new director shall, for purposes of this Agreement, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board 
 
 (iii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or reorganization with or into the Company or in which securities of the Company are issued (a Merger ), unless such Merger is a Non-Control Transaction. A Non-Control Transaction shall mean a Merger where (1) the stockholders of the Company immediately before such Merger own, directly or indirectly, immediately following such Merger more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the entity resulting from such Merger or its controlling parent entity (the Surviving Entity ), (2) the individuals who were members of the Incumbent Board immediately prior to the execution of the agreement providing for such Merger constitute at least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Surviving Entity, and (3) no Person other than (X) the Company, its affiliates or any of their respective employee benefit plans (or any trust forming a part thereof) that, immediately prior to such Merger, was maintained by the Company or any affiliate of the Company, or (Y) any Person who, immediately prior to such Merger, had Beneficial Ownership of thirty-five percent (35 or more of the then-outstanding voting securities of the Company, has Beneficial Ownership of thirty-five percent (35 or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities or common stock of the Surviving Entity 
 
 (iv) the approval by the holders of the Company s then-outstanding voting securities of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company (other than where all or substantially all of assets of the Company are transferred to or remain with affiliates of the Company) or 
 
 (v) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, directly or indirectly, to any Person (other than a transfer to an affiliate of the Company) unless such sale or disposition constitutes a Non-Control Transaction (with the disposition of assets being regarded as a Merger for this purpose). 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not occur solely based on a filing of a Chapter 11 reorganization proceeding of the Company. 
 
 (i) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 4 

(j) Committee shall mean either the Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board, or a subcommittee of such Committee duly appointed by the Board or the Committee, or any successor to the functions thereof. 
 
 (k) Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 
 (l) Company Arrangements shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f). 
 
 (m) Competitive Business shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(b)(i). 
 
 (n) Confidential Information shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13(b)(ii). 
 
 (o) Corporate Office shall mean the Company s offices in or near the metropolitan area of Stamford, Connecticut. 
 
 (p) Covered Claims shall have the meaning set forth in Section 27. 
 
 (q) Date of Termination shall mean (i) if Executive s employment is terminated by Executive s death, the date of Executive s death, or (ii) if Executive s employment is terminated pursuant to Section 10(a)(ii)-(vi), the date of termination of employment as provided thereunder. After the Date of Termination, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, Executive shall, to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of penalty taxes under Section 409A of the Code, have no duties that are inconsistent with Executive having had a separation from service as of the Date of Termination for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 (r) For purposes of this Agreement, Executive will be deemed to have a Disability if, due to illness, injury or a physical or medically recognized mental condition, (i) Executive is unable to perform Executive s duties under this Agreement with reasonable accommodation for one hundred twenty (120) consecutive calendar days, or one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days during any twelve (12)-month period, as determined in accordance with this Section 1(k), or (ii) Executive is considered disabled for purposes of receiving qualifying for long-term disability benefits under any group long-term disability insurance plan or policy offered by the Company in which Executive participates. The Disability of Executive will be determined by a medical doctor selected by written agreement of the Company and Executive upon the request of either Party by notice to the other, or (in the case of and with respect to any applicable long-term disability insurance policy or plan) will be determined according to the terms of the applicable long-term disability insurance policy or plan. If the Company and Executive cannot agree on the selection of a medical doctor, each of them will select a medical doctor and those two medical doctors will select a third medical doctor who will determine whether Executive has a Disability. The determination of the medical doctor selected under this Section 1(k) will be binding on both Parties. Executive must submit to a reasonable number of examinations by the medical doctor making the determination of Disability under this 
 5 

Section 1(k), and to other specialists designated by such medical doctor, and Executive hereby authorizes the disclosure and release to the Company of such determination and all supporting medical records. If Executive is not legally competent, Executive s legal guardian or duly authorized attorney-in-fact will act in Executive s stead under this Section 1(k) for the purposes of submitting Executive to the examinations, and providing the authorization of disclosure, required under this Section 1(k). 
 
 (s) Determination shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(b). 
 
 (t) Determining Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(b). 
 
 (u) Developments shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14. 
 
 (v) Effective Date shall mean February 5, 2023. 
 
 (w) Excise Tax shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(a). 
 
 (x) Executive shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 
 (y) FCPA shall have the meaning set forth in Section 18. 
 
 (z) Good Reason shall mean any of the events described herein that occur without Executive s prior written consent (i) any reduction in Executive s Annual Base Salary or Target Bonus (ii) any failure to pay or provide Executive s compensation hereunder when due (iii) any material breach by the Company of a material term of this Agreement (iv) a material adverse change of Executive s title, authorities, duties or responsibilities, including without limitation a transfer or reassignment to another executive of material responsibilities that have been assigned to Executive and generally are part of the responsibilities and functions assigned to a Chief Financial Officer of a public corporation, or the appointment of another individual to the same or similar titles or position provided that this clause (iv) shall not apply following the delivery to Executive by the Company of a Non-renewal Notice at any time prior to a Change in Control and within one hundred ninety (190) days prior to the end of the term of this Agreement (v) relocation of Executive s primary workplace to a location that is more than fifty (50) miles from the Corporate Office (in each case of clauses (i) through (v) only if Executive objects to the Company in writing within ninety (90) calendar days after first becoming aware of such event and the Company fails to retract and or rectify the claimed Good Reason event within thirty (30) calendar days following receipt of such notice) or (vi) the failure of a successor to the business of the Company to assume the Company s obligations under this Agreement in the event of a Change in Control during the Term. 
 
 (aa) Initial Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2. 
 
 (bb) IRS shall mean the Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 (cc) Non-renewal Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2. 
 6 

(dd) Notice of Termination shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 
 
 (ee) Notice Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 
 
 (ff) Party shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals. 
 
 (gg) Person shall have the meaning set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 (hh) Plan shall mean the Company s 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended by the Company from time to time, and any successor thereto. 
 
 (ii) Proprietary Items shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13(b)(v). 
 
 (jj) Release shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(g). 
 
 (kk) Repayment Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(c). 
 
 (ll) Restricted Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(b). 
 
 (mm) Safe Harbor Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(a). 
 
 (nn) Target Bonus shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6. 
 
 (oo) Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2. 
 
 (pp) Total Payments shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(a). 
 
 (qq) Trading Policy shall have the meaning set forth in Section 19. 
 
 2. Employment Term . The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, either directly or through an affiliate of the Company, and Executive hereby accepts such employment, under the terms and conditions hereof, for the period (the Term beginning on the Effective Date and terminating upon the earlier of (i) the second anniversary of the Effective Date (the Initial Term or (ii) the Date of Termination as defined in Section 1(n). The Company may, in its sole discretion, extend the term of this Agreement for additional one (1)-year periods. If the Company fails to provide Executive with at least one hundred eighty (180) days notice prior to the end of the Initial Term or any extension thereof of the Company s intent to not renew this Agreement (the Non-renewal Notice ), the Initial Term or any previous extension thereof shall be extended one day for each day past the one hundred eightieth (180 th day prior to the end of the Initial Term or any extension thereof on which a Non-renewal Notice is not provided provided that, if the Company fails to provide any Non-renewal Notice and does not extend the term of this Agreement as of the last day of the Initial Term or any extension thereof, the Non- 
 7 

renewal Notice shall be deemed to have been given to Executive on the last day of the term of this Agreement. 
 
 3. Position and Duties . 
 
 (a) During the Term, Executive shall serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company shall have the authorities, duties and responsibilities customarily exercised by an individual serving in such position at an entity of the size and nature of the Company shall be assigned no duties or responsibilities that are materially inconsistent with, or that materially impair Executive s ability to discharge, the foregoing duties and responsibilities shall have such additional duties and responsibilities (including service with affiliates of the Company) reasonably consistent with the foregoing, as may from time to time reasonably be assigned to Executive. 
 
 (b) During the Term, Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s business time and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company and its affiliates. However, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Executive from (i) serving on the boards of a reasonable number of business entities, trade associations, and charitable organizations (ii) engaging in charitable activities and community affairs (iii) accepting and fulfilling a reasonable number of speaking engagements and (iv) managing Executive s personal investments and affairs provided that such activities do not, either individually or in the aggregate, interfere with the proper performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder create a conflict of interest or violate any provision of this Agreement and provided further that service on the board of any business entity must be approved in advance by the Board. 
 
 4. Place of Performance . During the Term, Executive s primary office and principal workplace shall be the Corporate Office, except for necessary travel on the Company s business. The Parties acknowledge and Executive agrees that Executive is expected to commute to the Corporate Office from Executive s principal or secondary residence whether inside or outside of the metropolitan area or areas in which the Corporate Office is located. 
 
 5. Annual Base Salary . During the Term and beginning on the Effective Date, Executive shall receive a base salary at a rate not less than 800,000 per annum (the Annual Base Salary ), paid in accordance with the Company s general payroll practices for executives, but no less frequently than monthly. The Annual Base Salary shall compensate Executive for any employment by, position in or directorship of a Company affiliate that Executive holds. No less frequently than annually during the Term, the Committee, on advice of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, shall review the rate of Annual Base Salary payable to Executive, and may, in its discretion, increase the rate of Annual Base Salary payable hereunder provided , however , that any increased rate shall thereafter be the rate of Annual Base Salary hereunder. 
 
 6. Bonus . Except as otherwise provided for herein, for each fiscal year or other period consistent with the Company s then-applicable normal employment practices during which Executive is employed hereunder on the last day (the Bonus Year ), Executive shall be eligible to receive a bonus with a target amount not less than 150 of Executive s Annual Base 
 8 

Salary (the Target Bonus ), with the actual bonus payout depending on the achievement of levels of performance for that year (the Bonus pursuant to, and as set forth in, the terms of the Company s Executive Bonus Plan as it may be amended from time to time, plus such other bonus payments, if any, as shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, with such bonuses being paid on or before March 15 of the calendar year next following the Bonus Year. 
 
 7. Benefits . During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to receive such benefits and to participate in such employee group benefit plans, including life, health and disability insurance policies, and financial planning services, and other perquisites and plans as are generally provided by the Company to its other senior executives in accordance with the plans, practices and programs of the Company, as amended and in effect from time to time. 
 
 8. Expenses . The Company shall promptly reimburse Executive for all reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by Executive in connection with the performance of Executive s duties as an employee of the Company. Such reimbursement is subject to the submission to the Company by Executive of appropriate documentation and or vouchers in accordance with the customary procedures of the Company for expense reimbursement, as such procedures may be revised by the Company from time to time hereafter. 
 
 9. Vacations . During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company s vacation policy as in effect from time to time, provided that, in no event shall Executive be entitled to less than four (4) weeks of paid vacation per calendar year. Executive shall also be entitled to paid holidays and personal days in accordance with the Company s practice with respect to same as in effect from time to time. 
 
 10. Termination . 
 
 (a) Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company, 
 on the one hand, or Executive, on the other hand, as applicable, without any breach of this Agreement, under the following circumstances 
 
 (i) Death . Executive s employment hereunder shall automatically terminate upon Executive s death. 
 
 (ii) Disability . If Executive has incurred a Disability, the Company may give Executive written notice of its intention to terminate Executive s employment. In such event, Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the fourteenth (14 th calendar day after delivery of such notice to Executive provided that, within the fourteen (14) calendar days after such delivery, Executive shall not have returned to full time performance of Executive s duties. Executive may provide notice to the Company of Executive s resignation on account of a Disability at any time. 
 
 (iii) Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder for Cause effective immediately upon delivery of notice to Executive, after complying with any procedural requirements set forth in Section 1(g). 
 9 

(iv) Good Reason . Executive may terminate Executive s employment herein with Good Reason upon (A) satisfaction of any advance notice and other procedural requirements set forth in Section 1(w) for any termination following an event described in any of Sections 1(w)(i) through (v), or (B) at least thirty (30) calendar days advance written notice by Executive for any termination following an event described in Section 1(w)(vi). 
 
 (v) Without Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder without Cause upon at least thirty (30) calendar days advance written notice to Executive. 
 
 (vi) Resignation Without Good Reason . Executive may resign Executive s employment without Good Reason upon at least thirty (30) calendar days advance written notice to the Company. 
 
 (b) Notice of Termination . Any termination of Executive s employment by the Company or by Executive under this Section 10 (other than pursuant to Section 10(a)(i)) shall be communicated by a written notice (the Notice of Termination to the other Party hereto, indicating the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, setting forth in reasonable detail any facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive s employment under the provision so indicated, and specifying a Date of Termination, which notice shall be delivered within the applicable time periods set forth in subsections 10(a)(ii)-(vi) (the Notice Period provided that the Company may earlier terminate Executive s employment during such Notice Period and pay to Executive all Annual Base Salary, benefits and other rights due to Executive under this Agreement during such Notice Period (as if Executive continued employment) instead of employing Executive during such Notice Period. 
 
 (c) Resignation from Representational Capacities . Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that upon Executive s termination of employment with the Company for whatever reason, Executive shall be deemed to have, and shall have in fact, effectively resigned from all executive, director, offices, or other positions with the Company or its affiliates at the time of such termination of employment, and shall return all property owned by the Company or its affiliates and in Executive s possession, including all hardware, files and documents, at that time. Nothing in this Agreement or elsewhere shall prevent Executive from retaining and utilizing copies of benefits plans and programs in which Executive retains an interest or other documents relating to Executive s personal entitlements and obligations, Executive s desk calendars, Executive s rolodex, and the like, or such other records and documents as may reasonably be approved by the Company. 
 
 (d) Termination in Connection with Change in Control . If (i) Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause upon, within thirty (30) calendar days before, or within thirteen (13) months after, a Change in Control, or prior to a Change in Control at the request of a prospective purchaser whose proposed purchase would constitute a Change in Control upon its completion, such termination shall be deemed to have occurred immediately 
 10 

before such Change in Control for purposes of Section 11(b) of this Agreement and the Plan, or (ii) Executive s employment terminates for any reason at the end of the Term following the delivery or deemed delivery to Executive of a Non-renewal Notice upon, within thirty (30) calendar days before, or within thirteen (13) months after, a Change in Control, or prior to a Change in Control at the request of such a prospective purchaser, such termination shall be deemed to be by the Company without Cause and shall be deemed to have occurred immediately before such Change in Control for purposes of Section 11(b) of this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 11. Termination Pay . 
 
 (a) Effective upon the termination of Executive s employment, the Company will be obligated to pay Executive (or, in the event of Executive s death, Executive s designated beneficiary) only such compensation as is provided in this Section 11, except to the extent otherwise provided for in any Company stock incentive, stock option or cash award plan (including, among others, the Plan and the award agreements applicable thereunder). For purposes of this Section 11, Executive s designated beneficiary will be such individual beneficiary or trust, located at such address, as Executive may designate by notice to the Company from time to time or, if Executive fails to give notice to the Company of such a beneficiary, Executive s estate. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Company will have no duty, in any circumstances, to attempt to open an estate on behalf of Executive, to determine whether any beneficiary designated by Executive is alive or to ascertain the address of any such beneficiary, to determine the existence of any trust, to determine whether any person purporting to act as Executive s personal representative (or the trustee of a trust established by Executive) is duly authorized to act in that capacity, or to locate or attempt to locate any beneficiary, personal representative, or trustee. 
 
 (b) Termination by Executive with Good Reason or by Company without Cause . If prior to expiration of the Term, Executive terminates Executive s employment with Good Reason, or if the Company terminates Executive s employment other than for Cause and other than for death or Disability, Executive will be entitled to receive (i) all Annual Base Salary earned and duly payable for periods ending on or prior to the Date of Termination but unpaid as of the Date of Termination and all accrued but unused vacation days at Executive s per-business-day rate of Annual Base Salary in effect as of the Date of Termination, which amounts shall be paid in cash in a lump sum no later than ten (10) business days following the Date of Termination (ii) all reasonable expenses incurred by Executive through the Date of Termination that are reimbursable in accordance with Section 8, which amount shall be paid in cash within thirty (30) calendar days after the submission by Executive of receipts and (iii) all Bonuses earned and duly payable for periods ending on or prior to the Date of Termination but unpaid as of the Date of Termination, which amounts shall be paid in cash in a lump sum no later than sixty (60) calendar days following the Date of Termination (such amounts in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) together, the Accrued Obligations ). If Executive signs and delivers to the Company and does not (within the applicable revocation period) revoke the Release (as defined in Section 11(g)) within sixty (60) calendar days following the Date of Termination, Executive shall also be entitled to receive the following payments and benefits in consideration for Executive abiding by the obligations set forth in Sections 13, 14 and 15 
 11 

(A) an amount equal to 2.0 times the sum of Executive s (x) Annual Base Salary and (y) Target Bonus for the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs, which amount shall (subject to Section 30(a)) be paid in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices in effect from time to time commencing with the first payroll date more than sixty (60) calendar days following the Date of Termination and ending twenty-four (24) months and sixty (60) days following the Date of Termination provided that, if a Change in Control occurs during the twenty-four (24) month period after the Date of Termination (or is deemed pursuant to Section 10(d) to have occurred immediately after such Date of Termination) and such Change in Control qualifies either as a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, any amounts remaining payable to Executive hereunder shall be paid in a single lump sum immediately upon such Change in Control 
 
 (B) a lump sum payment (in an amount net of any taxes deducted and other required withholdings) equal to twenty-four (24) times the monthly cost (as of the Date of Termination) for Executive to receive continued coverage under COBRA for health, dental and vision benefits then being provided for Executive at the Company s cost on the Date of Termination. This amount will be paid on the first payroll date immediately following the thirty (30)-calendar-day anniversary of the Date of Termination and will not take into account increases in coverage costs after the Date of Termination and 
 
 (C) provide for up to twelve (12) months, or until Executive obtains new employment if sooner, executive-level outplacement services (which provides as part of the outplacement services the use of an office and secretarial support as near as reasonably practicable to Executive s residence). 
 
 (c) No Mitigation . Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payments provided in this Section 11 by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment provided for in this Section 11 be reduced by any compensation earned by Executive as a result of employment by another company or business, or by profits earned by Executive from any other source at any time before or after the Date of Termination. 
 
 (d) Termination by Executive without Good Reason or by Company for Cause . If, prior to the expiration of the Term, Executive terminates Executive s employment without Good Reason or if the Company terminates Executive s employment for Cause, Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations at the times set forth in Sections 11(b)(i), (ii) and (iii), respectively, and Executive shall be entitled to no other compensation, 
 12 

bonus, payments or benefits except as expressly provided in this Section 11(d) or Section 11(f) below. 
 
 (e) Termination upon Disability or Death . If Executive s employment shall terminate by reason of Executive s Disability (pursuant to Section 10(a)(ii)) or death (pursuant to Section 10(a)(i)), the Company shall pay to Executive or Executive s estate (as applicable) the Accrued Obligations at the times set forth in Sections 11(b)(i), (ii) and (iii), respectively. In the case of Disability, if there is a period of time during which Executive is not being paid Annual Base Salary and not receiving long-term disability insurance payments, the Company shall (subject to Section 30(a)) make interim payments to Executive equal to such unpaid disability insurance payments until the commencement of disability insurance payments. 
 
 (f) Benefits on Any Termination. On any termination of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive shall be entitled to other or additional benefits in accordance with the then applicable terms of applicable plans, programs, corporate governance documents, agreements and arrangements of the Company and its affiliates (excluding any such plans, programs, corporate governance documents, agreements and arrangements of the Company and its affiliates providing for severance payments and or benefits) (collectively, Company Arrangements ). 
 
 (g) Conditions to Payments . Any and all amounts payable and benefits or additional rights provided pursuant to Sections 11(b)(A)-(C) shall be paid only if Executive signs and delivers to the Company and does not (within the applicable revocation period) revoke a general release of claims in favor of the Company, its affiliates, and their respective successors, assigns, officers, directors and representatives in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A hereto (the Release within no later than sixty (60) calendar days following the Date of Termination. If Executive does not timely sign and deliver such Release to the Company, or if Executive timely revokes such Release, Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that Executive shall forfeit any and all right to any and all amounts payable and benefits or additional rights provided pursuant to Sections 11(b)(A)-(C). 
 
 (h) Survival . Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement shall survive any termination of Executive s employment. 
 
 12. Excess Parachute Payment . 
 
 (a) Anything in this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, to the extent that any payment, distribution or acceleration of vesting to or for the benefit of Executive by the Company (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations thereunder), whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (the Total Payments ), is or will be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then the Total Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the Safe Harbor Amount if and to the extent that a reduction in the Total Payments would result in Executive retaining a larger amount, on an after-tax basis (taking into 
 13 

account federal, state and local income and employment taxes and the Excise Tax), than if Executive received the entire amount of such Total Payments in accordance with their existing terms (taking into account federal, state, and local income and employment taxes and the Excise Tax). For purposes of this Agreement, the term Safe Harbor Amount means the largest portion of the Total Payments that would result in no portion of the Total Payments being subject to the Excise Tax. To effectuate the foregoing, the Company shall reduce or eliminate the Total Payments by first reducing or eliminating the portion of the Total Payments which are payable in cash and then by reducing or eliminating non-cash payments, in each case, starting with the payments to be made farthest in time from the Determination. 
 
 (b) The determination of whether the Total Payments shall be reduced as provided in Section 12(a) and the amount of such reduction shall be made at the Company s expense by an accounting firm selected by the Company from among the ten (10) largest accounting firms in the United States or by qualified independent tax counsel (the Determining Party provided that Executive shall be given advance notice of the Determining Party selected by the Company, and shall have the opportunity to reject the selection, within two (2) business days of being notified of the selection, on the basis of that Determining Party s having a conflict of interest or other reasonable basis, in which case the Company shall select an alternative auditing firm among the ten (10) largest accounting firms in the United States or alternative independent qualified tax counsel, which shall become the Determining Party. Such Determining Party shall provide its determination (the Determination ), together with detailed supporting calculations and documentation to the Company and Executive, within ten (10) business days of the termination of Executive s employment or at such other time mutually agreed by the Company and Executive. If the Determining Party determines that no Excise Tax is payable by Executive with respect to the Total Payments, it shall furnish Executive with an opinion reasonably acceptable to Executive that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to any such payments and, absent manifest error, such Determination shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and Executive. If the Determining Party determines that an Excise Tax would be payable, the Company shall have the right to accept the Determination as to the extent of the reduction, if any, pursuant to Section 12(a), or to have such Determination reviewed by another accounting firm selected by the Company, at the Company s expense. If the two accounting firms do not agree, a third accounting firm shall be jointly chosen by Executive and the Company, in which case the determination of such third accounting firm shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and Executive. 
 
 (c) If, notwithstanding any reduction described in this Section 12, the IRS determines that Executive is liable for the Excise Tax as a result of the receipt of any of the Total Payments or otherwise, then Executive shall be obligated to pay back to the Company, within thirty (30) calendar days after a final IRS determination or in the event that Executive challenges the final IRS determination, a final judicial determination, a portion of the Total Payments equal to the Repayment Amount. The Repayment Amount with respect to the payment of benefits shall be the smallest such amount, if any, as shall be required to be paid to the Company so that Executive s net after-tax proceeds with respect to the Total Payments (after taking into account the payment of the Excise Tax and all other applicable taxes imposed on the Payment) shall be maximized. The Repayment Amount shall be zero if a Repayment Amount of more than zero 
 14 

would not result in Executive s net after-tax proceeds with respect to the Total Payments being maximized. If the Excise Tax is not eliminated pursuant to this Section 12(c), Executive shall pay the Excise Tax. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 12, if (i) there is a reduction in the Total Payments as described in this Section 12, (ii) the IRS later determines that Executive is liable for the Excise Tax, the payment of which would result in the maximization of Executive s net after-tax proceeds (calculated as if Executive s benefits had not previously been reduced), and (iii) Executive pays the Excise Tax, then the Company shall pay to Executive those payments or benefits which were reduced pursuant to this Section 12 as soon as administratively possible after Executive pays the Excise Tax (but not later than March 15 following the calendar year of the IRS determination) so that Executive s net after-tax proceeds with respect to the Total Payments are maximized. 
 
 (e) To the extent requested by Executive, the Company shall cooperate with Executive in good faith in valuing, and the Determining Party shall take into account the value of, services provided or to be provided by Executive (including, without limitation, Executive s agreeing to refrain from performing services pursuant to a covenant not to compete or similar covenant, before, on or after the date of a change in ownership or control of the Company (within the meaning of Q&A-2(b) of the final regulations under Section 280G of the Code), such that payments in respect of such services may be considered reasonable compensation within the meaning of Q&A-9 and Q&A-40 to Q&A-44 of the final regulations under Section 280G of the Code and or exempt from the definition of the term parachute payment within the meaning of Q&A-2(a) of the final regulations under Section 280G of the Code in accordance with Q&A-5(a) of the final regulations under Section 280G of the Code. 
 
 13. Competition Confidentiality . 
 
 (a) Acknowledgments by Executive . Executive acknowledges that (i) on and following the Effective Date and through the Term and as a part of Executive s employment, Executive has been and will be afforded access to Confidential Information (as defined below) (ii) public disclosure of such Confidential Information could have an adverse effect on the Company, its affiliates and its business (iii) because Executive possesses substantial technical expertise and skill with respect to the Company s business, the Company desires to obtain exclusive ownership of each invention by Executive while Executive is employed by the Company or its affiliates, and the Company and its affiliates will be at a substantial competitive disadvantage if the Company fails to acquire exclusive ownership of each such invention by Executive and (iv) the provisions of this Section 13 are reasonable and necessary to prevent the improper use or disclosure of Confidential Information and to provide the Company with exclusive ownership of all inventions and works made or created by Executive. 
 
 (b) Confidential Information . 
 
 (i) Executive acknowledges that on and following the Effective Date and through the Term, Executive has had and will have access to and may obtain, develop, or 
 15 

learn of Confidential Information under and pursuant to a relationship of trust and confidence. Executive shall hold such Confidential Information in strictest confidence and never at any time, during or after Executive s employment terminates, directly or indirectly use for Executive s own benefit or otherwise (except in connection with the performance of any duties as an employee hereunder) any Confidential Information, or divulge, reveal, disclose or communicate any Confidential Information to any unauthorized person or entity in any manner whatsoever. 
 
 (ii) As used in this Agreement, the term Confidential Information shall include, but not be limited to, any of the following information relating to the Company or any of its affiliates learned by Executive on and following the Effective Date and through the Term or as a result of Executive s employment with the Company or its affiliates 
 
 (A) information regarding business proposals, manner of operations, and methods of selling or pricing any products or services of the Company or its affiliates 
 
 (B) the identity of persons or entities actually conducting or considering conducting business with the Company or its affiliates, and any information in any form relating to such persons or entities and their relationship or dealings with the Company or its affiliates 
 
 (C) any trade secret or confidential information of or concerning any business operation or business relationship 
 
 (D) computer databases, software programs and information relating to the nature of the hardware or software and how said hardware or software is used in combination or alone 
 
 (E) information concerning Company personnel, confidential financial information, customer or customer prospect information, information concerning subscribers, subscriber and customer lists and data, methods and formulas for estimating costs and setting prices, engineering design standards, testing procedures, research results (such as marketing surveys, programming trials or product trials), cost data (such as billing, equipment and programming cost projection models), compensation information and models, business or marketing plans or strategies, deal or business terms, budgets, vendor names, programming operations, product names, information on proposed acquisitions or dispositions, actual performance compared to budgeted performance, long range plans, internal financial information (including but not limited to financial and operating results for certain offices, divisions, departments, and key market areas that are not disclosed to the public in such form), results of internal analyses, computer 
 16 

programs and programming information, techniques and designs, and trade secrets 
 
 (F) information concerning the employees, officers, directors and shareholders of the Company and its affiliates and 
 
 (G) any other trade secret or information of a confidential or proprietary nature. 
 
 (iii) Executive shall not make or use any notes or memoranda relating to any Confidential Information except for uses reasonably expected by Executive to be for the benefit of the Company, and will, at the Company s request, return each original and every copy of any and all notes, memoranda, correspondence, diagrams or other records, in written or other form, that Executive may at any time have within Executive s possession or control that contain any Confidential Information. 
 
 (iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include information that has come within the public domain through no fault of or action by Executive or that has become rightfully available to Executive on a non-confidential basis from any third party, the disclosure of which to Executive does not violate any contractual or legal obligations that such third party has to the Company or its affiliates with respect to such Confidential Information. None of the foregoing obligations and restrictions applies to any part of the Confidential Information that Executive demonstrates was or became generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Executive or by any other person bound by a confidentiality obligation to the Company or any of its affiliates in respect of such Confidential Information. Further, nothing herein shall prohibit Executive from using Confidential Information to the extent necessary to exercise any legally protected whistleblower rights (including pursuant to Rule 21F under the Exchange Act). 
 
 (v) Executive will not remove from the Company s premises (except to the extent such removal is for purposes of the performance of Executive s duties to the Company at home or while traveling, or except as otherwise specifically authorized by the Company) any document, record, notebook, plan, model, component, device, or computer software or code, whether embodied in a disk or in any other form, of the Company or its affiliates (collectively, the Proprietary Items ). Executive recognizes that, as between the Company and Executive, all of the Proprietary Items, whether or not developed by Executive, are the exclusive property of the Company. Upon termination of Executive s employment by either Party, or upon the request of the Company on and following the Effective Date and through the Term, Executive will return to the Company all of the Proprietary Items in Executive s possession or subject to Executive s control, including all equipment e.g. , laptop computers, cell phone, portable e-mail devices, etc.), documents, files and data, and Executive shall not retain any copies, abstracts, sketches, or other physical embodiment of any such Proprietary Items. 
 
 14. Proprietary Developments . 
 
 17 

(a) Developments . Any and all inventions, products, discoveries, improvements, processes, methods, computer software programs, models, techniques, or formulae (collectively, hereinafter referred to as Developments ), made, conceived, developed, or created by Executive (alone or in conjunction with others, during regular work hours or otherwise) during Executive s employment which may be directly or indirectly useful in, or relate to, the business conducted or to be conducted by the Company or its affiliates will be promptly disclosed by Executive to the Company and shall be the Company s exclusive property. The term Developments shall not be deemed to include inventions, products, discoveries, improvements, processes, methods, computer software programs, models, techniques, or formulae which were in the possession of Executive prior to the Effective Date. Executive hereby transfers and assigns to the Company all proprietary rights that Executive may have or acquire in any Developments and Executive waives any other special right which Executive may have or accrue therein. Executive will execute any documents and take any actions that may be required, in the reasonable determination of the Company s counsel, to effect and confirm such assignment, transfer and waiver, to direct the issuance of patents, trademarks, or copyrights to the Company with respect to such Developments as are to be the Company s exclusive property or to vest in the Company title to such Developments provided , however , that the expense of securing any patent, trademark or copyright shall be borne by the Company. The Parties agree that Developments shall constitute Confidential Information. 
 
 (b) Work Made for Hire . Any work performed by Executive during Executive s employment with the Company or its affiliates shall be considered a Work Made for Hire as defined in the U.S. Copyright laws, and shall be owned by and for the express benefit of the Company. In the event it should be established that such work does not qualify as a Work Made for Hire, Executive agrees to and does hereby assign to the Company all of Executive s right, title, and interest in such work product including, but not limited to, all copyrights and other proprietary rights. 
 
 15. Non-Competition and Non-Interference . 
 
 (a) Acknowledgments by Executive . Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) the services to be performed by Executive under this Agreement are of a special, unique, unusual, extraordinary, and intellectual character (ii) the Company and its affiliates compete with other businesses that are or could be located in any part of the world (iii) the provisions of this Section 15 are reasonable and necessary to protect the Company s business and lawful protectable interests, and do not impair Executive s ability to earn a living and (iv) the Company has agreed to provide the severance and other benefits set forth in Sections 11(b)(A)-(C) in consideration for Executive s abiding by the obligations under this Section 15 and but for Executive s agreement to comply with such obligations, the Company would not have agreed to provide such severance and other benefits. 
 
 (b) Covenants of Executive . For purposes of this Section 15, the term Restricted Period shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the second annual anniversary (or, in the case of Section 15(b)(iii), the first anniversary) of the Date of Termination provided, that the Restricted Period also shall encompass any period of 
 18 

time from whichever anniversary date is applicable until and ending on the last date Executive is to be paid any payment and provided further, that the Restricted Period shall be tolled and extended for any period of time during which Executive is found to be in violation of the covenants set forth in this Section 15(b). In consideration of the acknowledgments by Executive, and in consideration of the compensation and benefits to be paid or provided to Executive by the Company, Executive covenants and agrees that during the Restricted Period, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, for Executive s own benefit or for the benefit of any other person or entity other than the Company or its affiliates 
 
 (i) in the United States or any other country or territory where the Company or any of its affiliates then conducts its business engage in, operate, finance, control or be employed by a Competitive Business serve as an officer or director of a Competitive Business (regardless of where Executive then lives or conducts such activities) perform any work as an employee, consultant (other than as a member of a professional consultancy, law firm, accounting firm or similar professional enterprise that has been retained by the Competitive Business and where Executive has no direct role in such professional consultancy and maintains the confidentiality of all information acquired by Executive during Executive s employment with the Company or its affiliates), contractor, or in any other capacity with, a Competitive Business directly or indirectly invest or own any interest in a Competitive Business (regardless of where Executive then lives or conducts such activities) or directly or indirectly provide any services or advice to any business, person or entity who or which is engaged in a Competitive Business (other than as a member of a professional consultancy, law firm, accounting firm or similar professional enterprise that has been retained by the Competitive Business and where Executive has no direct role in such professional consultancy and maintains the confidentiality of all information acquired by Executive during Executive s employment with the Company or its affiliates). A Competitive Business is any business, person or entity who or which, anywhere within that part of the United States, or that part of any other country or territory, where the Company and its affiliates conduct business, directly or indirectly through any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with such business, offers, provides, markets or sells any service or product of a type that is offered or marketed by or competitive with a service or product offered or marketed by the Company or any of its affiliates at the time Executive s employment terminates or is being planned to be offered or marketed by the Company or any of its affiliates with Executive s participation, or who or which in any case is preparing or planning to do so. To appropriately take account of the highly competitive nature of the Company s business, the Parties agree that any business engaged in any of the activities set forth on Schedule 1 shall be deemed to be a Competitive Business. The provisions of this Section 15 shall not be construed or applied so as to prohibit Executive from owning not more than five percent (5 of any class of securities that is publicly traded on any national or regional securities exchange, as long as Executive s investment is passive and Executive does not lend or provide any services or advice to such business or otherwise violate the terms of this Agreement in connection with such investment 
 
 (ii) contact, solicit or provide any service in connection with any Competitive Business to any person or entity that was a customer franchisee, or prospective customer of the Company or any of its affiliates at any time during Executive s employment (a 
 19 

prospective customer being one to whom the Company or any of its affiliates had made a business proposal within twelve (12) months prior to the time Executive s employment terminated) or directly solicit or encourage any customer, franchisee or subscriber of the Company or any of its affiliates to purchase any service or product of a type offered by or competitive with any product or service provided by the Company or any of its affiliates, or to reduce the amount or level of business purchased by such customer, franchisee or subscriber from the Company or any of its affiliates or take away or procure for the benefit of any Competitive Business, any business of a type provided by or competitive with a product or service offered by the Company or any of its affiliates or 
 
 (iii) solicit, recruit or hire for employment or provision of consulting services any person or persons who are employed by the Company or any of its affiliates, or who were so employed at any time within a period of six (6) months immediately prior to the Date of Termination, or otherwise interfere with the relationship between any such person and the Company or any of its affiliates nor will Executive assist anyone else in recruiting any such employee to work for another company or business or discuss with any such person leaving the employ of the Company or any of its affiliates or engaging in a business activity in competition with the Company or any of its affiliates. This provision shall not apply to secretarial, clerical, custodial or maintenance employees, nor shall it prohibit Executive from providing a personal reference for the person or persons described in this subsection in response to a request for such a personal reference. 
 
 If Executive violates any covenant contained in this Section 15, then the term of the covenants in this Section 15 shall be extended by the period of time Executive was in violation of the same. 
 
 (c) Provisions Pertaining to the Covenants . Executive recognizes that the existing business of the Company and its affiliates extends to various locations and areas throughout the United States and will extend hereafter to other countries and territories and agrees that the scope of this Section 15 shall extend to any part of the United States, and any other country or territory, where the Company or any of its affiliates operates or conducts business, or has concrete plans to do so at the time Executive s employment terminates. It is agreed that Executive s services hereunder are special, unique, unusual and extraordinary giving them peculiar value, the loss of which cannot be reasonably or adequately compensated for by damages, and in the event of Executive s breach of this Section 15, the Company shall be entitled to equitable relief by way of injunction or otherwise in addition to the cessation of payments and benefits hereunder. If any provision of Section 13, 14 or 15 is deemed to be unenforceable by a court (whether because of the subject matter of the provision, the duration of a restriction, the geographic or other scope of a restriction or otherwise), that provision shall not be rendered void but the Parties instead agree that the court shall amend and alter such provision to such lesser degree, time, scope, extent and or territory as will grant the Company the maximum restriction on Executive s activities permitted by applicable law in such circumstances. The Company s failure to exercise its rights to enforce the provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected by the existence or non-existence of any other similar agreement for anyone else employed by the Company or any of its affiliates or by the Company s failure to exercise any of its rights under any such agreement. 
 20 

(d) Whistleblower Protection . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted so as to impede Executive (or any other individual) from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Congress, and any agency Inspector General, or making other disclosures under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation. Executive does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures and Executive shall not be not required to notify the Company that such reports or disclosures have been made. 
 
 (e) Trade Secrets . 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) provides An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that-(A) is made-(i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). Accordingly, the Parties have the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to federal, state, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. The Parties also have the right to disclose trade secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. 
 
 (f) Notices . In order to preserve the Company s rights under this Agreement, the Company is authorized to advise any potential or future employer, any third party with whom Executive may become employed or enter into any business or contractual relationship with, and any third party whom Executive may contact for any such purpose, of the existence of this Agreement and its terms, and the Company and its affiliates shall not be liable for doing so. 
 
 (g) Injunctive Relief and Additional Remedy . Executive acknowledges that the injury that would be suffered by the Company as a result of a breach of the provisions of this Agreement (including any provision of Sections 13, 14 and 15) would be irreparable and that an award of monetary damages to the Company for such a breach would be an inadequate remedy. Consequently, the Company will have the right, in addition to any other rights it may have, to obtain injunctive relief to restrain any breach or threatened breach or otherwise to specifically enforce any provision of this Agreement, and the Company will not be obligated to post bond or other security in seeking such relief. Without limiting the Company s rights under this Section 15 or any other remedies of the Company, in the event of a determination by a court of competent jurisdiction, as to which no further appeal can be taken or as to which the time to appeal has expired, that Executive has willfully breached a material obligation under Section 13, 14 or 15, (i) the Company will have the right to cease making any payments otherwise due to Executive under this Agreement, and (ii) Executive will repay to the Company all amounts paid to Executive under this Agreement on and following the date that such breach first occurred (as determined by the court), including but not limited to the return of any stock and options (and 
 21 

stock purchased through the exercise of options) that first became vested following such date, and the proceeds of the sale of any such stock. 
 
 (h) Covenants of Sections 13, 14 and 15 are Essential and Independent Covenants . The covenants by Executive in Sections 13, 14 and 15 are essential elements of this Agreement, and without Executive s agreement to comply with such covenants, the Company would not have entered into this Agreement or employed Executive. The Company and Executive have independently consulted their respective counsel and have been advised in all respects concerning the reasonableness and propriety of such covenants, with specific regard to the nature of the business conducted by the Company and its affiliates. Executive s covenants in Sections 13, 14 and 15 are independent covenants and the existence of any claim by Executive against the Company or any of its affiliates, under this Agreement or otherwise, will not excuse Executive s breach of any covenant in Section 13, 14 or 15. If Executive s employment hereunder is terminated, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect as is necessary or appropriate to enforce the covenants and agreements of Executive in Sections 13, 14 and 15. The Company s right to enforce the covenants in Sections 13, 14 and 15 shall not be adversely affected or limited by the Company s failure to have an agreement with another employee with provisions at least as restrictive as those contained in Section 13, 14 or 15, or by the Company s failure or inability to enforce (or agreement not to enforce) in full the provisions of any other or similar agreement containing one or more restrictions of the type specified in Sections 13, 14 and 15. For the avoidance of doubt, the terms of Sections 13, 14 and 15 shall survive the expiration of the Term. 
 
 16. Representations and Further Agreements . 
 
 (a) Executive represents, warrants and covenants to the Company that 
 
 (i) Executive is knowledgeable and sophisticated as to business matters, including the subject matter of this Agreement, and that prior to assenting to the terms of this Agreement, or giving the representations and warranties herein, Executive has been given a reasonable time to review it and has consulted with counsel of Executive s choice and 
 
 (ii) During Executive s employment with the Company or any of its affiliates and subsequent to the cessation thereof, Executive will reasonably cooperate with the Company, and furnish any and all complete and truthful information, testimony or affidavits in connection with any matter that arose during Executive s employment, that in any way relates to the business or operations of the Company or any of its affiliates, or of which Executive may have any knowledge or involvement and will consult with and provide information to the Company and its representatives concerning such matters. Executive shall reasonably cooperate with the Company in the protection and enforcement of any intellectual property rights that relate to services performed by Executive for the Company or its affiliates, whether under the terms of this Agreement or prior to the execution of this Agreement. This shall include without limitation executing, acknowledging, and delivering to the Company all documents or papers that may be necessary to enable the Company to publish or protect such intellectual property rights. Subsequent to the cessation of Executive s employment with the Company, the Parties will make 
 22 

their best efforts to have such cooperation performed at reasonable times and places and in a manner as not to unreasonably interfere with any other employment in which Executive may then be engaged. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted as requiring Executive to provide any testimony, sworn statement or declaration that is not complete and truthful. If the Company requires Executive to travel outside the metropolitan area in the United States where Executive then resides to provide any testimony or otherwise provide any such assistance, then the Company will reimburse Executive for any reasonable, ordinary and necessary travel and lodging expenses incurred by Executive to do so provided that Executive submits all documentation required under the Company s standard travel expense reimbursement policies and as otherwise may be required to satisfy any requirements under applicable tax laws for the Company to deduct those expenses. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted as requiring Executive to provide any testimony or affidavit that is not complete and truthful. 
 
 (b) The Company represents and warrants that (i) it is fully authorized by action of the Board (and of any other Person or body whose action is required) to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under it, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by it does not violate any applicable law, regulation, order, judgment or decree or any agreement, arrangement, plan or corporate governance document to which it is a party or by which it is bound, and (iii) upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Parties, this Agreement shall be a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally. 
 
 17. Mutual Non-Disparagement . Neither the Company nor Executive shall make any oral or written statement about the other Party, or any affiliate, director or officer of such Party, which is intended or reasonably likely to disparage or otherwise degrade the reputation of the other Party, or any affiliate, director or officer of such Party, in the business or legal community, or in the telecommunications industry. 
 
 18. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act . Executive agrees to comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ), which provides generally that under no circumstances will foreign officials, representatives, political parties or holders of public offices be offered, promised or paid any money, remuneration, things of value, or provided any other benefit, direct or indirect, in connection with obtaining or maintaining contracts or orders hereunder. When any representative, employee, agent, or other individual or organization associated with Executive is required to perform any obligation related to or in connection with this Agreement, the substance of this section shall be imposed upon such person and included in any agreement between Executive and any such person. A material violation by Executive of the provisions of the FCPA shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement and shall entitle the Company to terminate Executive s employment for Cause in accordance with Section 10(a)(iii). 
 
 19. Purchases and Sales of the Company s Securities . Executive has read and agrees to comply in all respects with the Company s Securities Trading Policy (the Trading Policy ), 
 23 

as the Trading Policy may be amended from time to time. Specifically, and without limitation, Executive agrees that Executive shall not purchase or sell stock in the Company at any time (a) that Executive possesses material non-public information about the Company or any of its businesses and (b) outside of designated trading windows as may be determined by the Company from time to time, as set forth in the Trading Policy. 
 
 20. Withholding . Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, all payments required to be made by the Company hereunder to Executive or Executive s estate or beneficiary shall be subject to the withholding of such amounts, if any, relating to tax and other payroll deductions as the Company may reasonably determine it should withhold pursuant to applicable law or regulation, and other withholding amounts authorized by Executive. 
 
 21. Notices . Any written notice required by this Agreement will be deemed provided and delivered to the intended recipient when (a) delivered in person by hand (b) on the date of transmission, if delivered by confirmed email (c) three (3) calendar days after being sent via U.S. certified mail, return receipt requested or (d) the calendar day after being sent via overnight courier, in each case when such notice is properly addressed to the following address and with all postage and similar fees having been paid in advance 

If to the Company Charter Communications, Inc. 
 400 Washington Blvd. 
 Stamford, Connecticut 06902 
 Attention General Counsel 
 
 Email Rick.Dykhouse charter.com 
 
 If to Executive, to the home address and email address of Executive most recently on file in the records of the Company. 
 
 Either Party may change the address to which notices, requests, demands and other communications to such Party shall be delivered personally or mailed by giving written notice to the other Party in the manner described above. 
 
 22. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be for the benefit of and binding upon the Parties hereto and their respective heirs, personal representatives, legal representatives, successors and, where applicable, assigns. 
 
 23. Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to its specific subject matter and supersedes any prior oral and written communications, agreements and understandings among the Parties concerning the specific subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered, waived or rescinded in any manner, except by written instrument signed by both of the Parties hereto that expressly refers to the provision of this Agreement that is being modified, amended, altered, waived or rescinded provided , however , that the waiver by either Party of a breach or 
 24 

compliance with any provision of this Agreement shall not operate nor be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or compliance. 
 
 24. Severability . In case any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be held by any court of competent jurisdiction or any arbitrator selected in accordance with the terms hereof to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such provision shall have no force and effect, but such holding shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement provided that the provisions held illegal, invalid or unenforceable do not reflect or manifest a fundamental benefit bargained for by a Party hereto. 
 
 25. Assignment . Without limitation of Executive s right to terminate for Good Reason under Section 10(a)(iv), this Agreement can be assigned by the Company only to a company that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Company and which assumes all of the Company s obligations hereunder. The duties and covenants of Executive under this Agreement, being personal, may not be assigned or delegated except that Executive may assign payments due hereunder to a trust established for the benefit of Executive s family or to Executive s estate or to any partnership or trust entered into by Executive and or Executive s immediate family members (meaning Executive s spouse and lineal descendants). This Agreement shall be binding in all respects on permissible assignees. 
 
 26. Choice of Law Jurisdiction . This Agreement is deemed to be accepted and entered into in Delaware. Executive and the Company intend and hereby acknowledge that jurisdiction over disputes with regard to this Agreement, and over all aspects of the relationship between the Parties, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to its rules governing conflicts of laws. With respect to orders in aid or enforcement of arbitration awards and injunctive relief, venue and jurisdiction are proper in any county in Delaware, and (if federal jurisdiction exists) any United States District Court in Delaware, and the Parties waive all objections to jurisdiction and venue in any such forum and any defense that such forum is not the most convenient forum. 
 
 27. Arbitration . Any claim or dispute between the Parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any other agreement between the Parties, Executive s employment with the Company, or any termination thereof (collectively, Covered Claims shall (except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 15(g) with respect to certain requests for injunctive relief) be resolved by binding confidential arbitration, to be held in Wilmington, Delaware, before a panel of three arbitrators in accordance with the National Rules for Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association and this Section 27. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Pending the resolution of any Covered Claim, Executive (and Executive s beneficiaries) shall continue to receive all payments and benefits due under this Agreement or otherwise, except to the extent that the arbitrators otherwise provide. The Company shall reimburse Executive for all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, legal, tax and accounting fees) incurred by Executive in any arbitration under this Section 27, to the extent Executive substantially prevails in any such arbitration. 
 
 25 

28. Section Headings . The section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any manner the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 29. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may also be executed by delivery of facsimile or .pdf signatures, which shall be effective for all purposes. 
 
 30. Section 409A Compliance . 
 
 (a) This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereto, and, to the extent necessary in order to avoid the imposition of a penalty tax on Executive under Section 409A of the Code, payments may only be made under this Agreement upon an event and in a manner permitted by Section 409A of the Code. Any payments or benefits that are provided upon a termination of employment shall, to the extent necessary in order to avoid the imposition of a penalty tax on Executive under Section 409A of the Code, not be provided unless such termination constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Any payments that qualify for the short term deferral exception or another exception under Section 409A of the Code shall be paid under the applicable exception. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive is considered a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A of the Code), any amounts paid or provided under this Agreement shall, to the extent necessary in order to avoid the imposition of a penalty tax on Executive under Section 409A of the Code, be delayed for six (6) months after Executive s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and the accumulated amounts shall be paid in a lump sum within ten (10) calendar days after the end of the six (6)-month period. If Executive dies during the six (6)-month postponement period prior to the payment of benefits, the amounts the payment of which is deferred on account of Section 409A of the Code shall be paid to the personal representative of Executive s estate within sixty (60) calendar days after the date of Executive s death. 
 
 (b) For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. In no event may Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of a payment. All reimbursements and in kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, including, where applicable, the requirement that (i) any reimbursement is for expenses incurred during the period of time specified in this Agreement, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in kind benefits provided, during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year, (iii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made no later than the last calendar day of the calendar year following the year in which the expense is incurred, and (iv) the right to reimbursement or in kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 26 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the date and year first above written. 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. By s Paul Marchand Print Name Paul Marchand Title Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer EXECUTIVE s Jessica Fischer Name Jessica Fischer 

SCHEDULE 1 
 COMPETITIVE BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
 
 A. The distribution of video programming to consumer or commercial customers or users on a retail or wholesale basis, whether by analog or digital technology, to any type of end-user equipment (television, computer, phone, personal digital assistant, tablet, console or other), and by any distribution platform (including broadcast, coaxial cable, fiber optic cable, digital subscriber line, power line, satellite, wireless and Internet), method (streaming, download, application or other) or protocol (IP or other). Executive agrees that the following companies (and their parents, subsidiaries and controlled affiliates), and their successors and assigns, are among those engaged in competitive video programming distribution as of the date hereof Alphabet Inc. (including Google Fiber, YouTube and YouTube TV) Altice USA, Inc. Amazon.com, Inc. (including Amazon Prime) Apple Inc. (including Apple TV+) Astound Broadband AT&T Inc. (including DIRECTV Stream and HBO Max) Cable One, Inc. Cincinnati Bell Inc. (including Hawaiian Telecom) Comcast Corporation (including Peacock) Cox Communications, Inc. DIRECTV DISH Network Corporation (including Sling TV) EchoStar Corporation (including Sling Media) Endeavor Streaming Fox Corporation Frontier Communications Parent, Inc. Grande Communications Networks, LLC Lumen Technologies, Inc. Mediacom Communications Corporation Meta Platforms, Inc. Microsoft Corporation (including Xbox) Netflix, Inc. Paramount Global (including Paramount+ and Pluto TV) Philo Public Broadcasting Service and its broadcast affiliates Redbox Entertainment Inc. Roku, Inc. Sony Corporation of America (including Sony Interactive Entertainment and PlayStation) Starz Showtime Anytime The Walt Disney Company (including ABC, Disney+ and Hulu) T-Mobile US, Inc. TiVo Corporation. Verizon Communications, Inc. VUDU, Inc. Walmart Inc. and WideOpenWest, Inc. 
 
 B. The provision of Internet access or portal service (including related applications and services) to consumer or commercial customers or users, on a retail or wholesale basis, whether by analog or digital technology, to any type of end-user equipment (television, computer, phone, personal digital assistant, tablet, console or other), and by any distribution platform (including dial-up, coaxial cable, fiber optic cable, digital subscriber line, power line, satellite and wireless) or protocol (IP or other). Executive agrees that the following companies (and their parents, subsidiaries and controlled affiliates), and their successors and assigns, are among those engaged in competitive high-speed Internet access and or portal service as of the date hereof Alphabet Inc. (including Google Fiber) Altice USA, Inc. Astound Broadband AT&T Inc. Cable One, Inc. Cincinnati Bell Inc. (including Hawaiian Telecom) Comcast Corporation Cox Communications, Inc. DIRECTV DISH Network Corporation EchoStar Corporation (including Sling Media) Frontier Communications Parent, Inc. Lumen Technologies, Inc. Mediacom Communications Corporation Microsoft Corporation (including MSN) T-Mobile US, Inc. Verizon Communications, Inc. (including AOL) Windstream Holdings, Inc. and WideOpenWest, Inc. 
 
 27 

C. The provision of voice and or data service or transport to consumer or commercial customers or users, on a retail or wholesale business, whether by analog or digital technology, by any distribution platform (including coaxial cable, fiber optic cable, digital subscriber line, power line, satellite, wireless and Internet) or protocol (IP or other). Executive agrees that the following companies (and their parents, subsidiaries and controlled affiliates), and their successors and assigns, are among those engaged in competitive voice and or data service or transport as of the date hereof Allstream Inc. Altice USA, Inc. Astound Broadband AT&T Inc. Cincinnati Bell Inc. (including Hawaiian Telecom) Comcast Corporation Cox Communications, Inc. DIRECTV DISH Network Corporation EarthLink Holdings Corp. EchoStar Corporation (including Sling Media) Frontier Communications Parent, Inc. Fusion Cloud Services, LLC Alphabet Inc. (including Google Fiber and Google Voice) Lumen Technologies, Inc. Lumos Networks Corp. magicJack Microsoft Corporation (including Skype) Ooma, Inc. T-Mobile US, Inc. Verizon Communications, Inc. Vonage Holdings Corp. WideOpenWest, Inc. Windstream Holdings, Inc. and Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. 
 
 D. The provision of wireless communications services to consumer or commercial customers or users, on a retail or wholesale basis, whether by analog or digital technology, to any type of end-user equipment (television, computer, phone, personal digital assistant, tablet, console or other) and by any technology or protocol (IP or other). Executive agrees that the following companies (and their parents, subsidiaries and controlled affiliates), and their successor and assigns, are among those engaged in the provision of competitive wireless service as of the date hereof AT&T Inc. Boingo Wireless, Inc. DISH Network Corporation T-Mobile US, Inc. (including Metro by T-Mobile) Verizon Communications, Inc. and Windstream Holdings, Inc. 
 
 E. The sale of other provision of advertising to commercial customers, directly or indirectly through representation groups, cooperatives or otherwise, on a retail or wholesale basis, for distribution by analog or digital technology, to any type of end-user equipment (television, computer, phone, personal digital assistant, tablet, console or other), by any distribution platform (including broadcast, coaxial cable, fiber optic cable, digital subscriber line, power line, satellite, wireless and Internet), method (streaming, download, application or other) or protocol (IP or other). Executive agrees that the following companies (and their parents, subsidiaries and controlled affiliates), and their successors and assigns, are among those engaged in such competitive activities as of the date hereof Alphabet Inc. (including YouTube) Altice USA, Inc. Apple, Inc. Astound Broadband AT&T Inc. Comcast Corporation Cox Communications, Inc. DIRECTV DISH Network Corporation EchoStar Corporation (including Sling Media) Meta Platforms, Inc. Microsoft Corporation (including MSN) Verizon Communications, Inc. (including AOL) Viamedia, Inc. and WideOpenWest, Inc. 
 
 End of Schedule 1 
 28 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 RELEASE 
 
 This Release of Claims (this Release is entered into as of the Date of Termination (as defined in that certain Employment Agreement, dated as of ________________, 2023, to which JESSICA FISCHER Executive and CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), are parties, as such agreement is from time to time amended in accordance with its terms (the Employment Agreement ). 
 
 1. Release of Claims by Executive . 
 
 (a) Pursuant to Section 11(g) of the Employment Agreement, Executive, with the intention of binding Executive and Executive s heirs, executors, administrators and assigns (collectively, and together with Executive, the Executive Releasors ), hereby releases, remises, acquits and forever discharges the Company and each of its subsidiaries and affiliates (the Company Affiliated Group ), and their past and present directors, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, representatives, plan fiduciaries, and the successors, predecessors and assigns of each of the foregoing (collectively, and together with the members of the Company Affiliated Group, the Company Released Parties ), of and from any and all claims, actions, causes of action, complaints, charges, demands, rights, damages, debts, sums of money, accounts, financial obligations, suits, expenses, attorneys fees and liabilities of whatever kind or nature in law, equity or otherwise, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, unliquidated or otherwise and whether now known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that arise out of, or relate in any way to, events occurring on or before the date hereof relating to Executive s employment or the termination of such employment (collectively, Released Claims and that Executive, individually or as a member of a class, now has, owns or holds, or has at any time heretofore had, owned or held, against any Company Released Party in any capacity, including any and all Released Claims (i) arising out of or in any way connected with Executive s service to any member of the Company Affiliated Group (or the predecessors thereof) in any capacity (including as an employee, officer or director), or the termination of such service in any such capacity, (ii) for severance or vacation benefits, unpaid wages, salary or incentive payments, (iii) for breach of contract, wrongful discharge, impairment of economic opportunity, defamation, intentional infliction of emotional harm or other tort, (iv) for any violation of applicable federal, state and local labor and employment laws (including all laws concerning unlawful and unfair labor and employment practices) and (v) for employment discrimination under any applicable federal, state or local statute, provision, order or regulation, and including, without limitation, any claim under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 Title VII ), the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA and any similar or analogous state statute, excepting only that no claim in respect of any of the following rights shall constitute a Released Claim 
 
 (1) any right arising under, or preserved by, this Release or the Employment Agreement 
 
 A-1 

(2) for avoidance of doubt, any right to indemnification under (i) applicable corporate law, (ii) the by-laws or certificate of incorporation of any Company Released Party, (iii) any other agreement between Executive and a Company Released Party or (iv) as an insured under any director s and officer s liability insurance policy now or previously in force or 
 
 (3) for avoidance of doubt, any claim for benefits under any health, disability, retirement, life insurance or similar employee benefit plan of the Company Affiliated Group. 
 
 (b) No Executive Releasor shall file or cause to be filed any action, suit, claim, charge or proceeding with any governmental agency, court or tribunal relating to any Released Claim within the scope of this Section 1 (each, individually, a Proceeding ), and no Executive Releasor shall participate voluntarily in any Proceeding provided , however , and subject to the immediately following sentence, nothing set forth herein is intended to or shall interfere with Executive s right to participate in a Proceeding with any appropriate federal, state, or local government agency enforcing discrimination laws, nor shall this Agreement prohibit Executive from cooperating with any such agency in its investigation. Executive waives any right Executive may have to benefit in any manner from any relief (whether monetary or otherwise) arising out of any Proceeding. 
 
 (c) In the event any Proceeding within the scope of this Section 1 is brought by any government agency, putative class representative or other third Party to vindicate any alleged rights of Executive, (i) Executive shall, except to the extent required or compelled by law, legal process or subpoena, refrain from participating, testifying or producing documents therein, and (ii) all damages, inclusive of attorneys fees, if any, required to be paid to Executive by the Company as a consequence of such Proceeding shall be repaid to the Company by Executive within ten (10) calendar days of Executive s receipt thereof. 
 
 (d) The amounts and other benefits set forth in Sections 11(b)(A)-(C) of the Employment Agreement, to which Executive would not otherwise be entitled, are being paid to Executive in return for Executive s execution and non-revocation of this Release and Executive s agreements and covenants contained in the Employment Agreement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the release of claims set forth in this Section 1 is not to be construed in any way as an admission of any liability whatsoever by any Company Released Party, any such liability being expressly denied. 
 
 (e) The release of claims set forth in this Section 1 applies to any relief in respect of any Released Claim of any kind, no matter how called, including wages, back pay, front pay, compensatory damages, liquidated damages, punitive damages, damages for pain or suffering, costs, and attorney s fees and expenses. Executive specifically acknowledges that Executive s acceptance of the terms of the release of claims set forth in this Section 1 is, among other things, a specific waiver of Executive s rights, claims and causes of action under Title VII, ADEA and any state or local law or regulation in respect of discrimination of any kind provided , however , that nothing herein shall be deemed, nor does anything contained herein purport, to be a waiver of any right or claim or cause of action which by law Executive is not permitted to waive. 
 A-2 

2. Voluntary Execution of Release . 
 
 BY EXECUTIVE S SIGNATURE BELOW, EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
 
 (a) EXECUTIVE HAS RECEIVED A COPY OF THIS RELEASE AND WAS OFFERED A PERIOD OF TWENTY-ONE (21) DAYS TO REVIEW AND CONSIDER IT 
 
 (b) IF EXECUTIVE SIGNS THIS RELEASE PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF TWENTY-ONE (21) CALENDAR DAYS, EXECUTIVE KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES AND GIVES UP THIS RIGHT OF REVIEW 
 
 (c) EXECUTIVE HAS THE RIGHT TO REVOKE THIS RELEASE FOR A PERIOD OF SEVEN (7) CALENDAR DAYS AFTER EXECUTIVE SIGNS IT BY MAILING OR DELIVERING A WRITTEN NOTICE OF REVOCATION TO THE COMPANY NO LATER THAN THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS ON THE SEVENTH CALENDAR DAY AFTER THE DAY ON WHICH EXECUTIVE SIGNED THIS RELEASE 
 
 (d) THIS RELEASE SHALL NOT BECOME EFFECTIVE OR ENFORCEABLE UNTIL THE FOREGOING SEVEN DAY REVOCATION PERIOD HAS EXPIRED WITHOUT THE RELEASE HAVING BEEN REVOKED 
 
 (e) THIS RELEASE WILL BE FINAL AND BINDING AFTER THE EXPIRATION OF THE FOREGOING REVOCATION PERIOD REFERRED TO IN SECTION 2(c), AND FOLLOWING SUCH REVOCATION PERIOD EXECUTIVE AGREES NOT TO CHALLENGE ITS ENFORCEABILITY 
 
 (f) EXECUTIVE IS AWARE OF EXECUTIVE S RIGHT TO CONSULT AN ATTORNEY, HAS BEEN ADVISED IN WRITING TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY, AND HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY, IF DESIRED, PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS RELEASE 
 
 (g) NO PROMISE OR INDUCEMENT FOR THIS RELEASE HAS BEEN MADE EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AND THIS RELEASE AND 
 
 (h) EXECUTIVE HAS CAREFULLY READ THIS RELEASE, ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EXECUTIVE HAS NOT RELIED ON ANY REPRESENTATION OR STATEMENT, WRITTEN OR ORAL, NOT SET FORTH IN THIS DOCUMENT OR THE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, AND WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT EXECUTIVE IS SIGNING THIS RELEASE KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY. 
 
 3. Miscellaneous . 
 
 A-3 

The provisions of the Employment Agreement relating to representations, successors, notices, amendments waivers, headings, severability, choice of law, references, arbitration and counterparts faxed signatures, shall apply to this Release as if set fully forth in full herein, with references in such Sections to this Agreement being deemed, as appropriate, to be references to this Release. For avoidance of doubt, this Section 3 has been included in this Release solely for the purpose of avoiding the need to repeat herein the full text of the referenced provisions of the Employment Agreement. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 A-4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive has acknowledged, executed and delivered this Release on the date indicated below. 

Name Jessica Fischer Date 

A-5 

</EX-10.71(B)>

<EX-10.72(A)>
 4
 chtr12312022exh-1072a.htm
 EX-10.72(A)

Document 
 Exhibit 10.72(a) 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), by and among Charter Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Jonathan Hargis Executive ), is dated as of May 18, 2021. 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Company to assure itself of the continued services of Executive by continuing to engage Executive as its Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer and the Executive desires to serve the Company on the terms herein provided 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive and the Company are party to an employment agreement effective as of May 18, 2016 (the Prior Employment Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive and the Company (the Parties desire to enter into this Agreement, as an amendment and restatement of the Prior Employment Agreement in order for the Company and its affiliates to continue to engage the services of Executive and Executive desires to continue to serve the Company on the terms herein provided and 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive s agreement to the terms and conditions of Sections 13, 14 and 15 are a material and essential condition of Executive s employment with the Company under the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the respective covenants and agreements set forth below, the Parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Certain Definitions . 
 
 (a) Annual Base Salary shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5. 
 
 (b) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 (c) Bonus shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6. 
 
 (d) The Company shall have Cause to terminate Executive s employment hereunder upon 
 
 (i) Executive s willful breach of a material obligation (which, if curable, is not cured within ten (10) business days after the Company provides written notice of such breach) or representation under this Agreement, Executive s willful breach of any fiduciary duty to the Company, which, if curable, is not cured within ten (10) business days after the Company provides written notice of such breach or any act of fraud or willful and material misrepresentation or concealment upon, to or from the Company or the Board 

(ii) Executive s willful failure to comply in any material respect with (A) the Company s Code of Conduct in effect from time to time and applicable to officers and or employees generally, or (B) any written Company policy, if such policy is material to the effective performance by Executive of Executive s duties under this Agreement, and, if such failure is curable, if Executive has been given a reasonable opportunity to cure this failure to comply within a period of time which is reasonable under the circumstances but not more than the thirty (30)-day period after written notice of such failure is provided to Executive provided that if Executive cures this failure and then fails again to comply with the same provision of the Code of Conduct or the same written Company policy, no further opportunity to cure that failure shall be required 
 
 (iii) Executive s misappropriation (or attempted misappropriation) of a material amount of the Company s funds or property 
 
 (iv) Executive s conviction of, the entering of a guilty plea or plea of nolo contendere or no contest (or the equivalent), with respect to (A) either a felony or a crime that materially adversely affects or could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the Company or its business reputation or (B) fraud, embezzlement, any felony offense involving dishonesty or constituting a breach of trust or moral turpitude 
 
 (v) Executive s admission of liability of, or finding of liability by a court of competent jurisdiction for, a knowing and deliberate violation of any Securities Laws provided that any termination of Executive by the Company for Cause pursuant to this clause (v) based on finding of liability by the court shall be treated instead for all purposes of this Agreement as a termination by the Company without Cause, with effect as of the date of such termination, if such finding is reversed on appeal in a decision from which an appeal may not be taken or as to which the time to appeal has expired. As used herein, the term Securities Laws means any federal or state law, rule or regulation governing generally the issuance or exchange of securities, including without limitation the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act 
 
 (vi) Executive s illegal possession or use of any controlled substance or excessive use of alcohol, in each case at a work function, in connection with Executive s duties, or on Company premises excessive meaning either repeated unprofessional use or any single event of consumption giving rise to significant intoxication or unprofessional behavior or 
 
 (vii) Executive s willful or grossly negligent commission of any other act or willful failure to act in connection with Executive s duties as an executive of the Company which causes or should reasonably be expected (as of the time of such occurrence) to cause substantial economic injury to or substantial injury to the business reputation of the Company, including, without limitation, any material violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as described herein below. 
 
 2 

No termination of Executive s employment shall be effective as a termination for Cause for purposes of this Agreement or any other Company Arrangement (as defined in Section 11(f)) unless Executive shall first have been given written notice by the Board of its intention to terminate his employment for Cause, such notice (the Cause Notice to state in detail the particular circumstances that constitute the grounds on which the proposed termination for Cause is based. If, within twenty (20) calendar days after such Cause Notice is given to Executive, the Board gives written notice to Executive confirming that, in the judgment of at least a majority of the members of the Board, Cause for terminating his employment on the basis set forth in the original Cause Notice exists, his employment hereunder shall thereupon be terminated for Cause, subject to de novo review, at Executive s election, through arbitration in accordance with Section 28. If Executive commits or is charged with committing any offense of the character or type specified in subparagraph 1(d)(iv), (v) or (vi) herein, then the Company at its option may suspend Executive with or without pay and such suspension shall not constitute Good Reason hereunder or for purposes of any other arrangement with the Company. If Executive subsequently is convicted of, pleads guilty or nolo contendere (or equivalent plea) to, any such offense, Executive shall immediately repay the after-tax amount of any compensation paid in cash hereunder from the date of the suspension. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any stock option or equity incentive plan or award agreement, all vesting and all lapsing of restrictions on restricted shares shall be tolled during the period of suspension and all unvested options and restricted shares for which the restrictions have not lapsed shall terminate and not be exercisable by or issued to Executive if during or after such suspension Executive is convicted of, pleads guilty or nolo contendere (or equivalent plea) to, any offense specified in subparagraph 1(d)(iv) or (v). However, if Executive is found not guilty of all offenses relating to his suspension, or the charges relating to all such offenses are otherwise dropped, Executive shall be entitled to immediate payment of any amounts not paid during the suspension and any awards as to which the vesting or lapsing of restrictions was tolled shall immediately vest and applicable restrictions shall immediately lapse. 
 
 (e) Change of Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events 
 
 (i) an acquisition of any voting securities of the Company by any Person or Group (as those terms are used for purposes of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), immediately after which such Person has Beneficial Ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of thirty-five percent (35 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then-outstanding voting securities provided , however , that the acquisition of voting securities in a Non-Control Transaction (as hereinafter defined) shall not constitute a Change of Control 
 
 (ii) the individuals who, as of the Effective Date, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board ), cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board provided , however , that if the election, or nomination for election by the Company s common stockholders, of any new director (excluding any director whose nomination or election to the Board is the result of any actual or threatened proxy contest or settlement thereof) was approved 
 3 

by a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Board, such new director shall, for purposes of this Agreement, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board 
 
 (iii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or reorganization with or into the Company or in which securities of the Company are issued (a Merger ), unless such Merger is a Non-Control Transaction. A Non-Control Transaction shall mean a Merger where (1) the stockholders of the Company immediately before such Merger own, directly or indirectly, immediately following such Merger more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the entity resulting from such Merger or its controlling parent entity (the Surviving Entity ), (2) the individuals who were members of the Incumbent Board immediately prior to the execution of the agreement providing for such Merger constitute at least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Surviving Entity, and (3) no Person other than (X) the Company, its subsidiaries or any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company (each such entity, an affiliate or any of their respective employee benefit plans (or any trust forming a part thereof) that, immediately prior to such Merger, was maintained by the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, or (Y) any Person who, immediately prior to such Merger, had Beneficial Ownership of thirty-five percent (35 or more of the then-outstanding voting securities of the Company, has Beneficial Ownership of thirty-five percent (35 or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities or common stock of the Surviving Entity 
 
 (iv) the approval by the holders of the Company s then-outstanding voting securities of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company (other than where all or substantially all of assets of the Company are transferred to or remain with subsidiaries of the Company) or 
 
 (v) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, directly or indirectly, to any Person (other than a transfer to an affiliate of the Company) unless such sale or disposition constitutes a Non-Control Transaction (with the disposition of assets being regarded as a Merger for this purpose). 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change of Control shall not occur solely based on a filing of a Chapter 11 reorganization proceeding of the Company. 
 
 (f) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 (g) Committee shall mean either the Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board, or a subcommittee of such Committee duly appointed by the Board or the Committee, or any successor to the functions thereof. 
 
 (h) Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 
 4 

(i) Corporate Office shall mean the Company s offices in or near the metropolitan areas of Stamford, Connecticut or New York, New York. 
 
 (j) Date of Termination shall mean (i) if Executive s employment is terminated by Executive s death, the date of Executive s death and (ii) if Executive s employment is terminated pursuant to Section 10(a)(ii)-(vi), the date of termination of employment as provided thereunder. After the Date of Termination, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, Executive shall, to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of penalty taxes under Section 409A of the Code, have no duties that are inconsistent with his having had a separation from service as of the Date of Termination for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 (k) For purposes of this Agreement, Executive will be deemed to have a Disability if, due to illness, injury or a physical or medically recognized mental condition, (i) Executive is unable to perform Executive s duties under this Agreement with reasonable accommodation for one hundred and twenty (120) consecutive calendar days, or one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days during any twelve (12)-month period, as determined in accordance with this Section 1(k), or (ii) Executive is considered disabled for purposes of receiving qualifying for long-term disability benefits under any group long-term disability insurance plan or policy offered by the Company in which Executive participates. The Disability of Executive will be determined by a medical doctor selected by written agreement of the Company and Executive upon the request of either Party by notice to the other, or (in the case of and with respect to any applicable long-term disability insurance policy or plan) will be determined according to the terms of the applicable long-term disability insurance policy plan. If the Company and Executive cannot agree on the selection of a medical doctor, each of them will select a medical doctor and the two medical doctors will select a third medical doctor who will determine whether Executive has a Disability. The determination of the medical doctor selected under this Section 1(k) will be binding on both Parties. Executive must submit to a reasonable number of examinations by the medical doctor making the determination of Disability under this Section 1(k), and to other specialists designated by such medical doctor, and Executive hereby authorizes the disclosure and release to the Company of such determination and all supporting medical records. If Executive is not legally competent, Executive s legal guardian or duly authorized attorney-in-fact will act in Executive s stead under this Section 1(k) for the purposes of submitting Executive to the examinations, and providing the authorization of disclosure, required under this Section 1(k). 
 
 (l) Effective Date shall mean May 18, 2021. 
 
 (m) Employment Effective Date shall mean the date Executive s employment with the Company or a predecessor commenced. 
 
 (n) Executive shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 
 (o) Good Reason shall mean any of the events described herein that occur without Executive s prior written consent (i) any reduction in Executive s Annual Base Salary or Target Bonus (ii) any failure to pay or provide Executive s compensation hereunder when 
 5 

due (iii) any material breach by the Company of a material term of this Agreement (iv) a material adverse change of Executive s title, authorities, duties or responsibilities, including without limitation a transfer or reassignment to another executive of material responsibilities that have been assigned to Executive and generally are part of the responsibilities and functions assigned to an Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer of a public corporation, or the appointment of another individual to the same or similar titles or position provided that this clause (iv) shall not apply following the delivery to Executive by the Company of a Non-renewal Notice at any time prior to a Change of Control and within one hundred ninety (190) days prior to the end of the term of this Agreement (v) relocation of Executive s primary workplace to a location that is more than fifty (50) miles from the Corporate Office (in each case of clauses (i) through (v) only if Executive objects to the Company in writing within ninety (90) calendar days after first becoming aware of such event and unless the Company retracts and or rectifies the claimed Good Reason event within thirty (30) calendar days following receipt of such notice or (vi) the failure of a successor to the business of the Company to assume the Company s obligations under this Agreement in the event of a Change of Control during the Term. 
 
 (p) Notice of Termination shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 
 
 (q) Non-renewal Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2. 
 
 (r) Person shall have the meaning set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 (s) Plan shall mean the Company s 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended by the Company from time to time, and any successor thereto. 
 
 (t) Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2. 
 
 2. Employment Term . The Company hereby continues to employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts continued employment, under the terms and conditions hereof, for the period (the Term beginning on the Effective Date and terminating upon the earlier of (i) the second anniversary of the Effective Date (the Initial Term and (ii) the Date of Termination as defined in Section 1(j). The Company may, in its sole discretion, extend the term of this Agreement for additional one (1)-year periods. If the Company fails to provide Executive with at least one hundred eighty (180) days notice prior to the end of the Initial Term or any extension thereof of the Company s intent to not renew this Agreement (the Non-renewal Notice ), the Initial Term or any previous extension thereof shall be extended one day for each day past the one hundred eightieth (180 th day prior to the end of the Initial Term or any extension thereof on which a Non-renewal Notice is not provided provided that, if the Company fails to provide any Non-renewal Notice and does not extend the term of this Agreement as of the last day of the Initial Term or any extension thereof, the Non-renewal Notice shall be deemed to have been given to Executive on the last day of the term of this Agreement. 
 
 3. Position and Duties . 
 
 6 

(a) During the Term, Executive shall serve as the Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer of the Company shall have the authorities, duties and responsibilities customarily exercised by an individual serving in those positions at an entity of the size and nature of the Company shall be assigned no duties or responsibilities that are materially inconsistent with, or that materially impair his ability to discharge, the foregoing duties and responsibilities shall have such additional duties and responsibilities (including service with affiliates of the Company) reasonably consistent with the foregoing, as may from time to time reasonably be assigned to him. 
 
 (b) During the Term, Executive shall devote substantially all of his business time and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company. However, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Executive from (i) serving on the boards of a reasonable number of business entities, trade associations and charitable organizations, (ii) engaging in charitable activities and community affairs, (iii) accepting and fulfilling a reasonable number of speaking engagements, and (iv) managing his personal investments and affairs provided that such activities do not, either individually or in the aggregate, interfere with the proper performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder create a conflict of interest or violate any provision of this Agreement and provided further that service on the board of any business entity must be approved in advance by the Board. 
 
 4. Place of Performance . During the Term, Executive s primary office and principal workplace shall be the Corporate Office, except for necessary travel on the Company s business. The Parties acknowledge and Executive agrees that Executive is expected to commute to the Corporate Office from his principal or secondary residence whether inside or outside of the metropolitan area or areas in which the Corporate Office is located. 
 
 5. Annual Base Salary . During the Term and beginning on the Effective Date, Executive shall receive a base salary at a rate not less than 700,000 per annum (the Annual Base Salary ), paid in accordance with the Company s general payroll practices for executives, but no less frequently than monthly. The Annual Base Salary shall compensate Executive for any position in or directorship of a Company subsidiary or affiliate that Executive holds. No less frequently than annually during the Term, the Committee, on advice of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, shall review the rate of Annual Base Salary payable to Executive, and may, in its discretion, increase the rate of Annual Base Salary payable hereunder provided , however , that any increased rate shall thereafter be the rate of Annual Base Salary hereunder. 
 
 6. Bonus . Except as otherwise provided for herein, for each fiscal year or other period consistent with the Company s then-applicable normal employment practices during which Executive is employed hereunder on the last day (the Bonus Year ), Executive shall be eligible to receive a bonus with a target amount not less than (i) 110 of Executive s annual base salary that was then in effect for periods through May 17, 2021 and (ii) 150 of Executive s Annual Base Salary for periods from and after May 18, 2021(the Target Bonus ), with the actual bonus payout depending on the achievement of levels of performance for that year (the Bonus pursuant to, and as set forth in, the terms of the Company s Executive Bonus Plan as it may be amended from time to time, plus such other bonus payments, if any, as shall be 
 7 

determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, with such bonuses being paid on or before March 15 of the calendar year next following the Bonus Year. If Executive s employment with the Company is terminated by Retirement during or after 2022, Executive will be eligible for a pro-rata Bonus for that year based on the Company s performance attainment, with such Bonus being paid on or before March 15 of the calendar year next following the Bonus. Retirement shall mean the Executive's termination of employment without Good Reason, but only if such retirement occurs when the Company does not have grounds to terminate the employee for Cause. 
 
 7. Benefits . Executive shall be entitled to receive such benefits and to participate in such employee group benefit plans, including life, health and disability insurance policies, and financial planning services, and other perquisites and plans as are generally provided by the Company to its other senior executives in accordance with the plans, practices and programs of the Company, as amended and in effect from time to time. 
 
 8. Expenses . The Company shall promptly reimburse Executive for all reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by Executive in connection with the performance of Executive s duties as an employee of the Company. Such reimbursement is subject to the submission to the Company by Executive of appropriate documentation and or vouchers in accordance with the customary procedures of the Company for expense reimbursement, as such procedures may be revised by the Company from time to time hereafter. 
 
 9. Vacations . Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company s vacation policy as in effect from time to time, provided that, in no event shall Executive be entitled to less than four (4) weeks of paid vacation per calendar year. Executive shall also be entitled to paid holidays and personal days in accordance with the Company s practice with respect to same as in effect from time to time. 
 
 10. Termination . 
 
 (a) Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company, on the one hand, or Executive, on the other hand, as applicable, without any breach of this Agreement, under the following circumstances 
 
 (i) Death . Executive s employment hereunder shall automatically terminate upon Executive s death. 
 
 (ii) Disability . If Executive has incurred a Disability, the Company may give Executive written notice of its intention to terminate Executive s employment. In such event, Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the fourteenth (14 th calendar day after delivery of such notice to Executive provided that, within the fourteen (14) calendar days after such delivery, Executive shall not have returned to full time performance of Executive s duties. Executive may provide notice to the Company of Executive s resignation on account of a Disability at any time. 
 
 8 

(iii) Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder for Cause effective immediately upon delivery of notice to Executive, after complying with any procedural requirements set forth in Section 1(d). 
 
 (iv) Good Reason . Executive may terminate Executive s employment herein with Good Reason upon (A) satisfaction of any advance notice and other procedural requirements set forth in Section 1(o) for any termination following an event described in any of Sections 1(o)(i) through (v), or (B) at least thirty (30) calendar days advance written notice by Executive for any termination following an event described in Section 1(o)(vi). 
 
 (v) Without Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder without Cause upon at least thirty (30) calendar days advance written notice to Executive. 
 
 (vi) Resignation Without Good Reason . Executive may resign Executive s employment without Good Reason upon at least thirty (30) calendar days advance written notice to the Company. 
 
 (b) Notice of Termination . Any termination of Executive s employment by the Company or by Executive under this Section 10 (other than pursuant to Section 10(a)(i)) shall be communicated by a written notice (the Notice of Termination to the other Party hereto, indicating the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, setting forth in reasonable detail any facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive s employment under the provision so indicated, and specifying a Date of Termination, which notice shall be delivered within the applicable time periods set forth in subsections 10(a)(ii)-(vi) (the Notice Period provided that the Company may earlier terminate Executive s employment during such Notice Period and pay to Executive all Annual Base Salary, benefits and other rights due to Executive under this Agreement during such Notice Period (as if Executive continued employment) instead of employing Executive during such Notice Period. 
 
 (c) Resignation from Representational Capacities . Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that upon Executive s termination of employment with the Company for whatever reason, Executive shall be deemed to have, and shall have in fact, effectively resigned from all executive, director, offices, or other positions with the Company or its affiliates at the time of such termination of employment, and shall return all property owned by the Company and in Executive s possession, including all hardware, files and documents, at that time. Nothing in this Agreement or elsewhere shall prevent Executive from retaining and utilizing copies of benefits plans and programs in which he retains an interest or other documents relating to his personal entitlements and obligations, his desk calendars, his rolodex, and the like, or such other records and documents as may reasonably be approved by the Company. 
 
 (d) Termination in Connection with Change of Control . If (i) Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause upon, within thirty (30) calendar days before, or within thirteen (13) months after, a Change of Control, or prior to a Change of Control 
 9 

at the request of a prospective purchaser whose proposed purchase would constitute a Change of Control upon its completion, such termination shall be deemed to have occurred immediately before such Change of Control for purposes of Section 11(b) of this Agreement and the Plan, or (ii) Executive s employment terminates for any reason at the end of the Term following the delivery or deemed delivery to Executive of a Non-renewal Notice upon, within thirty (30) calendar days before, or within thirteen (13) months after, a Change of Control, or prior to a Change of Control at the request of such a prospective purchaser, such termination shall be deemed to be by the Company without Cause and shall be deemed to have occurred immediately before such Change of Control for purposes of Section 11(b) of this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 11. Termination Pay . 
 
 (a) Effective upon the termination of Executive s employment, the Company will be obligated to pay Executive (or, in the event of Executive s death, Executive s designated beneficiary as defined below) only such compensation as is provided in this Section 11, except to the extent otherwise provided for in any Company stock incentive, stock option or cash award plan (including, among others, the Plan and the award agreements applicable thereunder). For purposes of this Section 11, Executive s designated beneficiary will be such individual beneficiary or trust, located at such address, as Executive may designate by notice to the Company from time to time or, if Executive fails to give notice to the Company of such a beneficiary, Executive s estate. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Company will have no duty, in any circumstances, to attempt to open an estate on behalf of Executive, to determine whether any beneficiary designated by Executive is alive or to ascertain the address of any such beneficiary, to determine the existence of any trust, to determine whether any person purporting to act as Executive s personal representative (or the trustee of a trust established by Executive) is duly authorized to act in that capacity, or to locate or attempt to locate any beneficiary, personal representative, or trustee. 
 
 (b) Termination by Executive with Good Reason or by Company without Cause . If prior to expiration of the Term, Executive terminates his employment with Good Reason, or if the Company terminates Executive s employment other than for Cause and other than for death or Disability, Executive will be entitled to receive (i) all Annual Base Salary earned and duly payable for periods ending on or prior to the Date of Termination but unpaid as of the Date of Termination and all accrued but unused vacation days at his per-business-day rate of Annual Base Salary in effect as of the Date of Termination, which amounts shall be paid in cash in a lump sum no later than ten (10) business days following the Date of Termination (ii) all reasonable expenses incurred by Executive through the Date of Termination that are reimbursable in accordance with Section 8, which amount shall be paid in cash within thirty (30) calendar days after the submission by Executive of receipts and (iii) all Bonuses earned and duly payable for periods ending on or prior to the Date of Termination but unpaid as of the Date of Termination, which amounts shall be paid in cash in a lump sum no later than sixty (60) calendar days following the Date of Termination (such amounts in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) together, the Accrued Obligations ). If Executive signs and delivers to the Company and does not (within the applicable revocation period) revoke the Release (as defined in Section 11(g)) within sixty (60) calendar days following the Date of Termination, Executive shall also be entitled to receive 
 10 

the following payments and benefits in consideration for Executive abiding by the obligations set forth in Sections 13, 14 and 15 
 
 (A) an amount equal to 2.0 times the sum of Executive s (x) Annual Base Salary and (y) Target Bonus for the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs, which amount shall (subject to Section 31(a)) be paid in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices in effect from time to time commencing with the first payroll date more than sixty (60) calendar days following the Date of Termination and ending twenty-four (24) months and sixty (60) days following the Date of Termination provided that, if a Change of Control occurs during the twenty-four (24) month period after the Date of Termination (or is deemed pursuant to Section 10(d) to have occurred immediately after such Date of Termination) and such Change of Control qualifies either as a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, any amounts remaining payable to Executive hereunder shall be paid in a single lump sum immediately upon such Change of Control 
 
 (B) a lump sum payment (in an amount net of any taxes deducted and other required withholdings) equal to twenty-four (24) times the monthly cost (as of the Date of Termination) for Executive to receive continued coverage under COBRA for health, dental and vision benefits then being provided for Executive at the Company s cost on the Date of Termination. This amount will be paid on the first payroll date immediately following the thirty (30)-calendar-day anniversary of the Date of Termination and will not take into account increases in coverage costs after the Date of Termination and 
 
 (C) provide for up to twelve (12) months, or until Executive obtains new employment if sooner, executive-level outplacement services (which provides as part of the outplacement services the use of an office and secretarial support as near as reasonably practicable to Executive s residence). 
 
 (c) No Mitigation . Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payments provided in this Section 11 by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment provided for in this Section 11 be reduced by any compensation earned by Executive as a result of employment by another company or business, or by profits earned by Executive from any other source at any time before or after the Date of Termination. 
 
 (d) Termination by Executive without Good Reason or by Company for Cause . If, prior to the expiration of the Term, Executive terminates Executive s employment without Good Reason or if the Company terminates Executive s employment for Cause, 
 11 

Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations at the times set forth in Sections 11(b)(i), (ii) and (iii), respectively, and Executive shall be entitled to no other compensation, bonus, payments or benefits except as expressly provided in Section 6 (with respect to Retirement), this Section 11(d) or Section 11(f) below. 
 
 (e) Termination upon Disability or Death . If Executive s employment shall terminate by reason of Executive s Disability (pursuant to Section 10(a)(ii)) or death (pursuant to Section 10(a)(i)), the Company shall pay to Executive or Executive s estate (as applicable) the Accrued Obligations at the times set forth in Sections 11(b)(i), (ii) and (iii), respectively. In the case of Disability, if there is a period of time during which Executive is not being paid Annual Base Salary and not receiving long-term disability insurance payments, the Company shall (subject to Section 31(a)) make interim payments to Executive equal to such unpaid disability insurance payments until the commencement of disability insurance payments. 
 
 (f) Benefits on Any Termination. On any termination of Executive s employment hereunder, he shall be entitled to other or additional benefits in accordance with the then applicable terms of applicable plans, programs, corporate governance documents, agreements and arrangements of the Company and its affiliates (excluding any such plans, programs, corporate governance documents, agreements and arrangements of the Company and its affiliates providing for severance payments and or benefits) (collectively, Company Arrangements ). 
 
 (g) Conditions to Payments . Any and all amounts payable and benefits or additional rights provided pursuant to Sections 11(b)(A)-(C) shall be paid only if Executive signs and delivers to the Company and does not (within the applicable revocation period) revoke a general release of claims in favor of the Company, its affiliates, and their respective successors, assigns, officers, directors and representatives in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A hereto (the Release within no later than sixty (60) calendar days following the Date of Termination. If Executive does not timely sign and deliver such Release to the Company, or if Executive timely revokes such Release, Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that Executive shall forfeit any and all right to any and all amounts payable and benefits or additional rights provided pursuant to Sections 11(b)(A)-(C). 
 
 (h) Survival . Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement shall survive any termination of Executive s employment. 
 
 12. Excess Parachute Payment . 
 
 (a) Anything in this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, to the extent that any payment, distribution or acceleration of vesting to or for the benefit of Executive by the Company (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations thereunder), whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (the Total Payments ), is or will be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then the Total Payments shall be reduced 
 12 

(but not below zero) to the Safe Harbor Amount (as defined below) if and to the extent that a reduction in the Total Payments would result in Executive retaining a larger amount, on an after-tax basis (taking into account federal, state and local income and employment taxes and the Excise Tax), than if Executive received the entire amount of such Total Payments in accordance with their existing terms (taking into account federal, state, and local income and employment taxes and the Excise Tax). For purposes of this Agreement, the term Safe Harbor Amount means the largest portion of the Total Payments that would result in no portion of the Total Payments being subject to the Excise Tax. To effectuate the foregoing, the Company shall reduce or eliminate the Total Payments by first reducing or eliminating the portion of the Total Payments which are payable in cash and then by reducing or eliminating non-cash payments, in each case, starting with the payments to be made farthest in time from the Determination (as defined below). 
 
 (b) The determination of whether the Total Payments shall be reduced as provided in Section 12(a) and the amount of such reduction shall be made at the Company s expense by an accounting firm selected by Company from among the ten (10) largest accounting firms in the United States or by qualified independent tax counsel (the Determining Party provided that Executive shall be given advance notice of the Determining Party selected by the Company, and shall have the opportunity to reject the selection, within two (2) business days of being notified of the selection, on the basis of that Determining Party s having a conflict of interest or other reasonable basis, in which case the Company shall select an alternative auditing firm among the ten largest accounting firms in the United States or alternative independent qualified tax counsel, which shall become the Determining Party. Such Determining Party shall provide its determination (the Determination ), together with detailed supporting calculations and documentation to the Company and Executive, within ten (10) business days of the termination of Executive s employment or at such other time mutually agreed by the Company and Executive. If the Determining Party determines that no Excise Tax is payable by Executive with respect to the Total Payments, it shall furnish Executive with an opinion reasonably acceptable to Executive that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to any such payments and, absent manifest error, such Determination shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and Executive. If the Determining Party determines that an Excise Tax would be payable, the Company shall have the right to accept the Determination as to the extent of the reduction, if any, pursuant to Section 12(a), or to have such Determination reviewed by another accounting firm selected by the Company, at the Company s expense. If the two accounting firms do not agree, a third accounting firm shall be jointly chosen by Executive and the Company, in which case the determination of such third accounting firm shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and Executive. 
 
 (c) If, notwithstanding any reduction described in this Section 12, the Internal Revenue Service IRS determines that Executive is liable for the Excise Tax as a result of the receipt of any of the Total Payments or otherwise, then Executive shall be obligated to pay back to the Company, within thirty (30) calendar days after a final IRS determination or in the event that Executive challenges the final IRS determination, a final judicial determination, a portion of the Total Payments equal to the Repayment Amount. The Repayment Amount with respect to the payment of benefits shall be the smallest such amount, if any, as shall be required to be 
 13 

paid to the Company so that Executive s net after-tax proceeds with respect to the Total Payments (after taking into account the payment of the Excise Tax and all other applicable taxes imposed on the Payment) shall be maximized. The Repayment Amount shall be zero if a Repayment Amount of more than zero would not result in Executive s net after-tax proceeds with respect to the Total Payments being maximized. If the Excise Tax is not eliminated pursuant to this Section 12(c), Executive shall pay the Excise Tax. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 12, if (i) there is a reduction in the Total Payments as described in this Section 12, (ii) the IRS later determines that Executive is liable for the Excise Tax, the payment of which would result in the maximization of Executive s net after-tax proceeds (calculated as if Executive s benefits had not previously been reduced), and (iii) Executive pays the Excise Tax, then the Company shall pay to Executive those payments or benefits which were reduced pursuant to this Section 12 as soon as administratively possible after Executive pays the Excise Tax (but not later than March 15 following the calendar year of the IRS determination) so that Executive s net after-tax proceeds with respect to the Total Payments are maximized. 
 
 (e) To the extent requested by Executive, the Company shall cooperate with Executive in good faith in valuing, and the Determining Party shall take into account the value of, services provided or to be provided by Executive (including, without limitation, Executive s agreeing to refrain from performing services pursuant to a covenant not to compete or similar covenant, before, on or after the date of a change in ownership or control of the Company (within the meaning of Q&A-2(b) of the final regulations under Section 280G of the Code), such that payments in respect of such services may be considered reasonable compensation within the meaning of Q&A-9 and Q&A-40 to Q&A-44 of the final regulations under Section 280G of the Code and or exempt from the definition of the term parachute payment within the meaning of Q&A-2(a) of the final regulations under Section 280G of the Code in accordance with Q&A-5(a) of the final regulations under Section 280G of the Code. 
 
 13. Competition Confidentiality . 
 
 (a) Acknowledgments by Executive . Executive acknowledges that (i) on and following the Employment Effective Date and through the Term and as a part of Executive s employment, Executive has been and will be afforded access to Confidential Information (as defined below) (ii) public disclosure of such Confidential Information could have an adverse effect on the Company and its business (iii) because Executive possesses substantial technical expertise and skill with respect to the Company s business, the Company desires to obtain exclusive ownership of each invention by Executive while Executive is employed by the Company, and the Company will be at a substantial competitive disadvantage if it fails to acquire exclusive ownership of each such invention by Executive and (iv) the provisions of this Section 13 are reasonable and necessary to prevent the improper use or disclosure of Confidential Information and to provide the Company with exclusive ownership of all inventions and works made or created by Executive. 
 
 (b) Confidential Information . 
 14 

(i) Executive acknowledges that on and following the Employment Effective Date and through the Term Executive has had and will have access to and may obtain, develop, or learn of Confidential Information (as defined below) under and pursuant to a relationship of trust and confidence. Executive shall hold such Confidential Information in strictest confidence and never at any time, during or after Executive s employment terminates, directly or indirectly use for Executive s own benefit or otherwise (except in connection with the performance of any duties as an employee hereunder) any Confidential Information, or divulge, reveal, disclose or communicate any Confidential Information to any unauthorized person or entity in any manner whatsoever. 
 
 (ii) As used in this Agreement, the term Confidential Information shall include, but not be limited to, any of the following information relating to the Company learned by Executive on and following the Employment Effective Date and through the Term or as a result of Executive s employment with the Company 
 
 (A) information regarding the Company s business proposals, manner of the Company s operations, and methods of selling or pricing any products or services 
 
 (B) the identity of persons or entities actually conducting or considering conducting business with the Company, and any information in any form relating to such persons or entities and their relationship or dealings with the Company or its affiliates 
 
 (C) any trade secret or confidential information of or concerning any business operation or business relationship 
 
 (D) computer databases, software programs and information relating to the nature of the hardware or software and how said hardware or software is used in combination or alone 
 
 (E) information concerning Company personnel, confidential financial information, customer or customer prospect information, information concerning subscribers, subscriber and customer lists and data, methods and formulas for estimating costs and setting prices, engineering design standards, testing procedures, research results (such as marketing surveys, programming trials or product trials), cost data (such as billing, equipment and programming cost projection models), compensation information and models, business or marketing plans or strategies, deal or business terms, budgets, vendor names, programming operations, product names, information on proposed acquisitions or dispositions, actual performance compared to budgeted performance, long range plans, internal financial information (including but not limited to 
 15 

financial and operating results for certain offices, divisions, departments, and key market areas that are not disclosed to the public in such form), results of internal analyses, computer programs and programming information, techniques and designs, and trade secrets 
 
 (F) information concerning the Company s employees, officers, directors and shareholders and 
 
 (G) any other trade secret or information of a confidential or proprietary nature. 
 
 (iii) Executive shall not make or use any notes or memoranda relating to any Confidential Information except for uses reasonably expected by Executive to be for the benefit of the Company, and will, at the Company s request, return each original and every copy of any and all notes, memoranda, correspondence, diagrams or other records, in written or other form, that Executive may at any time have within his possession or control that contain any Confidential Information. 
 
 (iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include information that has come within the public domain through no fault of or action by Executive or that has become rightfully available to Executive on a non-confidential basis from any third party, the disclosure of which to Executive does not violate any contractual or legal obligations that such third party has to the Company or its affiliates with respect to such Confidential Information. None of the foregoing obligations and restrictions applies to any part of the Confidential Information that Executive demonstrates was or became generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Executive or by any other person bound by a confidentiality obligation to the Company in respect of such Confidential Information. Further, nothing herein shall prohibit Executive from using Confidential Information to the extent necessary to exercise any legally protected whistleblower rights (including pursuant to Rule 21F under the Exchange Act). 
 
 (v) Executive will not remove from the Company s premises (except to the extent such removal is for purposes of the performance of Executive s duties at home or while traveling, or except as otherwise specifically authorized by the Company) any Company document, record, notebook, plan, model, component, device, or computer software or code, whether embodied in a disk or in any other form (collectively, the Proprietary Items ). Executive recognizes that, as between the Company and Executive, all of the Proprietary Items, whether or not developed by Executive, are the exclusive property of the Company. Upon termination of Executive s employment by either Party, or upon the request of the Company on and following the Effective Date and through the Term, Executive will return to the Company all of the Proprietary Items in Executive s possession or subject to Executive s control, including all equipment e.g. , laptop computers, cell phone, portable e-mail devices, etc.), documents, files and data, and Executive shall not retain any copies, abstracts, sketches, or other physical embodiment of any such Proprietary Items. 
 16 

14. Proprietary Developments . 
 
 (a) Developments . Any and all inventions, products, discoveries, improvements, processes, methods, computer software programs, models, techniques, or formulae (collectively, hereinafter referred to as Developments ), made, conceived, developed, or created by Executive (alone or in conjunction with others, during regular work hours or otherwise) during Executive s employment which may be directly or indirectly useful in, or relate to, the business conducted or to be conducted by the Company will be promptly disclosed by Executive to the Company and shall be the Company s exclusive property. The term Developments shall not be deemed to include inventions, products, discoveries, improvements, processes, methods, computer software programs, models, techniques, or formulae which were in the possession of Executive prior to the Employment Effective Date. Executive hereby transfers and assigns to the Company all proprietary rights that Executive may have or acquire in any Developments and Executive waives any other special right which Executive may have or accrue therein. Executive will execute any documents and take any actions that may be required, in the reasonable determination of the Company s counsel, to effect and confirm such assignment, transfer and waiver, to direct the issuance of patents, trademarks, or copyrights to the Company with respect to such Developments as are to be the Company s exclusive property or to vest in the Company title to such Developments provided , however , that the expense of securing any patent, trademark or copyright shall be borne by Company. The Parties agree that Developments shall constitute Confidential Information. 
 
 (b) Work Made for Hire . Any work performed by Executive during Executive s employment with the Company shall be considered a Work Made for Hire as defined in the U.S. Copyright laws, and shall be owned by and for the express benefit of the Company. In the event it should be established that such work does not qualify as a Work Made for Hire, Executive agrees to and does hereby assign to the Company all of Executive s right, title, and interest in such work product including, but not limited to, all copyrights and other proprietary rights. 
 
 15. Non-Competition and Non-Interference . 
 
 (a) Acknowledgments by Executive . Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) the services to be performed by Executive under this Agreement are of a special, unique, unusual, extraordinary, and intellectual character (ii) the Company competes with other businesses that are or could be located in any part of the world (iii) the provisions of this Section 15 are reasonable and necessary to protect the Company s business and lawful protectable interests, and do not impair Executive s ability to earn a living and (iv) the Company has agreed to provide the severance and other benefits set forth in Sections 11(b)(A)-(C) in consideration for Executive s abiding by the obligations under this Section 15 and but for Executive s agreement to comply with such obligations, the Company would not have agreed to provide such severance and other benefits. 
 
 17 

(b) Covenants of Executive . For purposes of this Section 15, the term Restricted Period shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the second annual anniversary (or, in the case of Section 15(b)(iii), the first anniversary) of the Date of Termination provided, that the Restricted Period also shall encompass any period of time from whichever anniversary date is applicable until and ending on the last date Executive is to be paid any payment and provided further, that the Restricted Period shall be tolled and extended for any period of time during which Executive is found to be in violation of the covenants set forth in this Section 15(b). In consideration of the acknowledgments by Executive, and in consideration of the compensation and benefits to be paid or provided to Executive by the Company, Executive covenants and agrees that during the Restricted Period, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, for Executive s own benefit or for the benefit of any other person or entity other than the Company 
 
 (i) in the United States or any other country or territory where the Company then conducts its business engage in, operate, finance, control or be employed by a Competitive Business (as defined below) serve as an officer or director of a Competitive Business (regardless of where Executive then lives or conducts such activities) perform any work as an employee, consultant (other than as a member of a professional consultancy, law firm, accounting firm or similar professional enterprise that has been retained by the Competitive Business and where Executive has no direct role in such professional consultancy and maintains the confidentiality of all information acquired by Executive during his employment with the Company), contractor, or in any other capacity with, a Competitive Business directly or indirectly invest or own any interest in a Competitive Business (regardless of where Executive then lives or conducts such activities) or directly or indirectly provide any services or advice to any business, person or entity who or which is engaged in a Competitive Business (other than as a member of a professional consultancy, law firm, accounting firm or similar professional enterprise that has been retained by the Competitive Business and where Executive has no direct role in such professional consultancy and maintains the confidentiality of all information acquired by Executive during his employment with the Company). A Competitive Business is any business, person or entity who or which, anywhere within that part of the United States, or that part of any other country or territory, where the Company conducts business, directly or indirectly through any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with such business, offers, provides, markets or sells any service or product of a type that is offered or marketed by or competitive with a service or product offered or marketed by the Company at the time Executive s employment terminates or is being planned to be offered or marketed by the Company with Executive s participation, or who or which in any case is preparing or planning to do so. To appropriately take account of the highly competitive nature of the Company s business, the Parties agree that any business engaged in any of the activities set forth on Schedule 1 shall be deemed to be a Competitive Business. The provisions of this Section 15 shall not be construed or applied so as to prohibit Executive from owning not more than five percent (5 of any class of securities that is publicly traded on any national or regional securities exchange, as long as Executive s investment is passive and 
 18 

Executive does not lend or provide any services or advice to such business or otherwise violate the terms of this Agreement in connection with such investment 
 
 (ii) contact, solicit or provide any service in connection with any Competitive Business to any person or entity that was a customer franchisee, or prospective customer of the Company at any time during Executive s employment (a prospective customer being one to whom the Company had made a business proposal within twelve (12) months prior to the time Executive s employment terminated) or directly solicit or encourage any customer, franchisee or subscriber of the Company to purchase any service or product of a type offered by or competitive with any product or service provided by the Company, or to reduce the amount or level of business purchased by such customer, franchisee or subscriber from the Company or take away or procure for the benefit of any Competitive Business, any business of a type provided by or competitive with a product or service offered by the Company or 
 
 (iii) solicit, recruit or hire for employment or provision of consulting services any person or persons who are employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or who were so employed at any time within a period of six (6) months immediately prior to the Date of Termination, or otherwise interfere with the relationship between any such person and the Company nor will Executive assist anyone else in recruiting any such employee to work for another company or business or discuss with any such person leaving the employ of the Company or engaging in a business activity in competition with the Company. This provision shall not apply to secretarial, clerical, custodial or maintenance employees, nor shall it prohibit Executive from providing a personal reference for the person or persons described in this subsection in response to a request for such a personal reference. 
 
 If Executive violates any covenant contained in this Section 15, then the term of the covenants in this Section 15 shall be extended by the period of time Executive was in violation of the same. 
 
 (c) Provisions Pertaining to the Covenants . Executive recognizes that the existing business of the Company extends to various locations and areas throughout the United States and will extend hereafter to other countries and territories and agrees that the scope of this Section 15 shall extend to any part of the United States, and any other country or territory, where the Company operates or conducts business, or has concrete plans to do so at the time Executive s employment terminates. It is agreed that Executive s services hereunder are special, unique, unusual and extraordinary giving them peculiar value, the loss of which cannot be reasonably or adequately compensated for by damages, and in the event of Executive s breach of this Section 15, the Company shall be entitled to equitable relief by way of injunction or otherwise in addition to the cessation of payments and benefits hereunder. If any provision of Section 13, 14 or 15 is deemed to be unenforceable by a court (whether because of the subject matter of the provision, the duration of a restriction, the geographic or other scope of a restriction or otherwise), that provision shall not be rendered void but the Parties instead agree that the court shall amend and alter such provision to such lesser degree, time, scope, extent and or territory as will grant the Company the maximum restriction on Executive s activities permitted by 
 19 

applicable law in such circumstances. The Company s failure to exercise its rights to enforce the provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected by the existence or non-existence of any other similar agreement for anyone else employed by the Company or by the Company s failure to exercise any of its rights under any such agreement. 
 
 (d) Whistleblower Protection . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted so as to impede Executive (or any other individual) from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Congress, and any agency Inspector General, or making other disclosures under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation. Executive does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures and Executive shall not be not required to notify the Company that such reports or disclosures have been made. 
 
 (e) Trade Secrets . 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) provides An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that-(A) is made-(i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). Accordingly, the Parties have the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to federal, state, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. The Parties also have the right to disclose trade secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. 
 
 (f) Notices . In order to preserve the Company s rights under this Agreement, the Company is authorized to advise any potential or future employer, any third party with whom Executive may become employed or enter into any business or contractual relationship with, and any third party whom Executive may contact for any such purpose, of the existence of this Agreement and its terms, and the Company shall not be liable for doing so. 
 
 (g) Injunctive Relief and Additional Remedy . Executive acknowledges that the injury that would be suffered by Company as a result of a breach of the provisions of this Agreement (including any provision of Sections 13, 14 and 15) would be irreparable and that an award of monetary damages to the Company for such a breach would be an inadequate remedy. Consequently, the Company will have the right, in addition to any other rights it may have, to obtain injunctive relief to restrain any breach or threatened breach or otherwise to specifically enforce any provision of this Agreement, and the Company will not be obligated to post bond or other security in seeking such relief. Without limiting the Company s rights under this Section 15 or any other remedies of the Company, in the event of a determination by a court of competent jurisdiction, as to which no further appeal can be taken or as to which the time to appeal has expired, that Executive has willfully breached a material obligation under Section 13, 
 20 

14 or 15, (i) the Company will have the right to cease making any payments otherwise due to Executive under this Agreement and (ii) Executive will repay to the Company all amounts paid to him under this Agreement on and following the date that such breach first occurred (as determined by the court), including but not limited to the return of any stock and options (and stock purchased through the exercise of options) that first became vested following such date, and the proceeds of the sale of any such stock. 
 
 (h) Covenants of Sections 13, 14 and 15 are Essential and Independent Covenants . The covenants by Executive in Sections 13, 14 and 15 are essential elements of this Agreement, and without Executive s agreement to comply with such covenants, the Company would not have entered into this Agreement or employed Executive. The Company and Executive have independently consulted their respective counsel and have been advised in all respects concerning the reasonableness and propriety of such covenants, with specific regard to the nature of the business conducted by the Company. Executive s covenants in Sections 13, 14 and 15 are independent covenants and the existence of any claim by Executive against the Company, under this Agreement or otherwise, will not excuse Executive s breach of any covenant in Section 13, 14 or 15. If Executive s employment hereunder is terminated, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect as is necessary or appropriate to enforce the covenants and agreements of Executive in Sections 13, 14 and 15. The Company s right to enforce the covenants in Sections 13, 14 and 15 shall not be adversely affected or limited by the Company s failure to have an agreement with another employee with provisions at least as restrictive as those contained in Section 13, 14 or 15, or by the Company s failure or inability to enforce (or agreement not to enforce) in full the provisions of any other or similar agreement containing one or more restrictions of the type specified in Sections 13, 14 and 15. 
 
 16. Representations and Further Agreements . 
 
 (a) Executive represents, warrants and covenants to the Company that Executive is knowledgeable and sophisticated as to business matters, including the subject matter of this Agreement, and that prior to assenting to the terms of this Agreement, or giving the representations and warranties herein, Executive has been given a reasonable time to review it and has consulted with counsel of Executive s choice and 
 
 (b) During Executive s employment with the Company and subsequent to the cessation thereof, Executive will reasonably cooperate with Company, and furnish any and all complete and truthful information, testimony or affidavits in connection with any matter that arose during Executive s employment, that in any way relates to the business or operations of the Company or any of its parent or subsidiary corporations or affiliates, or of which Executive may have any knowledge or involvement and will consult with and provide information to the Company and its representatives concerning such matters. Executive shall reasonably cooperate with the Company in the protection and enforcement of any intellectual property rights that relate to services performed by Executive for Company, whether under the terms of this Agreement or prior to the execution of this Agreement. This shall include without limitation executing, acknowledging, and delivering to the Company all documents or papers that may be necessary to enable the Company to publish or protect such intellectual property rights. Subsequent to the 
 21 

cessation of Executive s employment with the Company, the Parties will make their best efforts to have such cooperation performed at reasonable times and places and in a manner as not to unreasonably interfere with any other employment in which Executive may then be engaged. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted as requiring Executive to provide any testimony, sworn statement or declaration that is not complete and truthful. If the Company requires Executive to travel outside the metropolitan area in the United States where Executive then resides to provide any testimony or otherwise provide any such assistance, then the Company will reimburse Executive for any reasonable, ordinary and necessary travel and lodging expenses incurred by Executive to do so provided that Executive submits all documentation required under the Company s standard travel expense reimbursement policies and as otherwise may be required to satisfy any requirements under applicable tax laws for the Company to deduct those expenses. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted as requiring Executive to provide any testimony or affidavit that is not complete and truthful. 
 
 (c) The Company represents and warrants that (i) it is fully authorized by action of the Board (and of any other Person or body whose action is required) to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under it, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by it does not violate any applicable law, regulation, order, judgment or decree or any agreement, arrangement, plan or corporate governance document to which it is a party or by which it is bound, and (iii) upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Parties, this Agreement shall be a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally. 
 
 17. Mutual Non-Disparagement . Neither the Company nor Executive shall make any oral or written statement about the other Party which is intended or reasonably likely to disparage the other Party, or otherwise degrade the other Party s reputation in the business or legal community or in the telecommunications industry. 
 
 18. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act . Executive agrees to comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ), which provides generally that under no circumstances will foreign officials, representatives, political parties or holders of public offices be offered, promised or paid any money, remuneration, things of value, or provided any other benefit, direct or indirect, in connection with obtaining or maintaining contracts or orders hereunder. When any representative, employee, agent, or other individual or organization associated with Executive is required to perform any obligation related to or in connection with this Agreement, the substance of this section shall be imposed upon such person and included in any agreement between Executive and any such person. A material violation by Executive of the provisions of the FCPA shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement and shall entitle the Company to terminate Executive s employment for Cause in accordance with Section 10(a)(iii). 
 
 19. Purchases and Sales of the Company s Securities . Executive has read and agrees to comply in all respects with the Company s Policy Regarding the Purchase and Sale of the Company s Securities by Employees (the Policy ), as the Policy may be amended from time to 
 22 

time. Specifically, and without limitation, Executive agrees that Executive shall not purchase or sell stock in the Company at any time (a) that Executive possesses material non-public information about the Company or any of its businesses and (b) during any Trading Blackout Period as may be determined by the Company as set forth in the Policy from time to time. 
 
 20. Withholding . Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, all payments required to be made by the Company hereunder to Executive or his estate or beneficiary shall be subject to the withholding of such amounts, if any, relating to tax and other payroll deductions as the Company may reasonably determine it should withhold pursuant to applicable law or regulation, and other withholding amounts authorized by Executive. 
 
 21. Notices . Any written notice required by this Agreement will be deemed provided and delivered to the intended recipient when (a) delivered in person by hand (b) on the date of transmission, if delivered by confirmed facsimile (c) three (3) calendar days after being sent via U.S. certified mail, return receipt requested or (d) the calendar day after being sent via overnight courier, in each case when such notice is properly addressed to the following address and with all postage and similar fees having been paid in advance 
 
 If to the Company Charter Communications, Inc. 
 400 Washington Blvd. 
 Stamford, Connecticut 06902 
 Attention General Counsel 
 
 Facsimile (203) 564-1377 
 
 If to Executive, to the home address and facsimile number of Executive most recently on file in the records of the Company 
 
 Either Party may change the address to which notices, requests, demands and other communications to such Party shall be delivered personally or mailed by giving written notice to the other Party in the manner described above. 
 
 22. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be for the benefit of and binding upon the Parties hereto and their respective heirs, personal representatives, legal representatives, successors and, where applicable, assigns. 
 
 23. Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to its specific subject matter and supersedes any prior oral and written communications, agreements and understandings among the Parties concerning the specific subject matter hereof, including, without limitation, the Prior Employment Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered, waived or rescinded in any manner, except by written instrument signed by both of the Parties hereto that expressly refers to the provision of this Agreement that is being modified, amended, altered, waived or rescinded provided , however , that the waiver by either Party of a breach or compliance with any provision of this 
 23 

Agreement shall not operate nor be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or compliance. 
 
 24. Severability . In case any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be held by any court of competent jurisdiction or any arbitrator selected in accordance with the terms hereof to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such provision shall have no force and effect, but such holding shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement provided that the provisions held illegal, invalid or unenforceable do not reflect or manifest a fundamental benefit bargained for by a Party hereto. 
 
 25. Assignment . Without limitation of Executive s right to terminate for Good Reason under Section 10(a)(iv), this Agreement can be assigned by the Company only to a company that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Company and which assumes all of the Company s obligations hereunder. The duties and covenants of Executive under this Agreement, being personal, may not be assigned or delegated except that Executive may assign payments due hereunder to a trust established for the benefit of Executive s family or to Executive s estate or to any partnership or trust entered into by Executive and or Executive s immediate family members (meaning Executive s spouse and lineal descendants). This Agreement shall be binding in all respects on permissible assignees. 
 
 26. Notification. In order to preserve the Company s rights under this Agreement, the Company is authorized to advise any third party with whom Executive may become employed or enter into any business or contractual relationship with, or whom Executive may contact for any such purpose, of the existence of this Agreement and its terms, and the Company shall not be liable for doing so. 
 
 27. Choice of Law Jurisdiction . This Agreement is deemed to be accepted and entered into in Delaware. Executive and the Company intend and hereby acknowledge that jurisdiction over disputes with regard to this Agreement, and over all aspects of the relationship between the Parties, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to its rules governing conflicts of laws. With respect to orders in aid or enforcement of arbitration awards and injunctive relief, venue and jurisdiction are proper in any county in Delaware, and (if federal jurisdiction exists) any United States District Court in Delaware, and the Parties waive all objections to jurisdiction and venue in any such forum and any defense that such forum is not the most convenient forum. 
 
 28. Arbitration . Any claim or dispute between the Parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any other agreement between the Parties, Executive s employment with the Company, or any termination thereof (collectively, Covered Claims shall (except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 15(e) with respect to certain requests for injunctive relief) be resolved by binding confidential arbitration, to be held in Wilmington, Delaware, before a panel of three arbitrators in accordance with the National Rules for Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association and this Section 28. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Pending the resolution of any Covered Claim, Executive (and his beneficiaries) shall continue to receive all 
 24 

payments and benefits due under this Agreement or otherwise, except to the extent that the arbitrators otherwise provide. The Company shall reimburse Executive for all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, legal, tax and accounting fees) incurred by him in any arbitration under this Section 28, to the extent he substantially prevails in any such arbitration. 
 
 29. Section Headings . The section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any manner the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 30. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may also be executed by delivery of facsimile or .pdf signatures, which shall be effective for all purposes. 
 
 31. Section 409A Compliance . 
 
 (a) This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereto, and, to the extent necessary in order to avoid the imposition of a penalty tax on Executive under Section 409A of the Code, payments may only be made under this Agreement upon an event and in a manner permitted by Section 409A of the Code. Any payments or benefits that are provided upon a termination of employment shall, to the extent necessary in order to avoid the imposition of a penalty tax on Executive under Section 409A of the Code, not be provided unless such termination constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Any payments that qualify for the short term deferral exception or another exception under Section 409A of the Code shall be paid under the applicable exception. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive is considered a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A of the Code), any amounts paid or provided under this Agreement shall, to the extent necessary in order to avoid the imposition of a penalty tax on Executive under Section 409A of the Code, be delayed for six (6) months after Executive s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and the accumulated amounts shall be paid in a lump sum within ten (10) calendar days after the end of the six (6)-month period. If Executive dies during the six (6)-month postponement period prior to the payment of benefits, the amounts the payment of which is deferred on account of Section 409A of the Code shall be paid to the personal representative of Executive s estate within sixty (60) calendar days after the date of Executive s death. 
 
 (b) For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. In no event may Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of a payment. All reimbursements and in kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, including, where applicable, the requirement that (i) any reimbursement is for expenses incurred during the period of time specified in this Agreement, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in kind benefits provided, during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year, (iii) the 
 25 

reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made no later than the last calendar day of the calendar year following the year in which the expense is incurred, and (iv) the right to reimbursement or in kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 

26 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the date and year first above written. 
 
 CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. By s Paul Marchand Print Name Paul Marchand Title Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer EXECUTIVE s Jonathan Hargis Name Jonathan Hargis 

SCHEDULE 1 
 COMPETITIVE BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
 
 A. The distribution of video programming to consumer or commercial customers or users on a retail or wholesale basis, whether by analog or digital technology, to any type of end-user equipment (television, computer, phone, personal digital assistant, tablet, console or other), and by any distribution platform (including broadcast, coaxial cable, fiber optic cable, digital subscriber line, power line, satellite, wireless and Internet), method (streaming, download, application or other) or protocol (IP or other). Executive agrees that the following companies (and their parents, subsidiaries and controlled affiliates), and their successors and assigns, are among those engaged in competitive video programming distribution as of the date hereof Altice USA, Inc. Amazon.com, Inc. (including Amazon Prime) Apple Inc. (including Apple TV+) AT&T Inc. (including AT&T TV and DIRECTV) Cincinnati Bell, Inc. (including Hawaiian Telecom) Comcast Corporation Cox Communications, Inc. DISH Network Corporation EchoStar Corporation (including Sling Media and Sling TV) Endeavor Streaming Facebook, Inc. Fox Corporation Frontier Communications Corporation Google, Inc. (including Google Fiber, YouTube and YouTube TV) Grande Communications Networks, LLC HBO Max Hulu, LLC (including Hulu Live and Hulu Plus) Lumen Technologies, Inc. Microsoft Corporation (including Xbox) Netflix, Inc. Peacock Philo Pluto TV Public Broadcasting Service and its broadcast affiliates RCN Telecom Services, LLC Redbox Roku, Inc. Sony Corporation of America (including PlayStation) Starz Showtime Anytime The Walt Disney Company (including ABC and Disney+) T-Mobile US, Inc. (including Layer3TV, Inc.) TiVo Inc. Verizon Communications, Inc. ViacomCBS (including CBS All Access) VUDU, Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Wide Open West. 
 
 B. The provision of Internet access or portal service (including related applications and services) to consumer or commercial customers or users, on a retail or wholesale basis, whether by analog or digital technology, to any type of end-user equipment (television, computer, phone, personal digital assistant, tablet, console or other), and by any distribution platform (including dial-up, coaxial cable, fiber optic cable, digital subscriber line, power line, satellite and wireless) or protocol (IP or other). Executive agrees that the following companies (and their parents, subsidiaries and controlled affiliates), and their successors and assigns, are among those engaged in competitive high-speed Internet access and or portal service as of the date hereof Altice USA, Inc. AT&T Inc. (including DIRECTV) Cincinnati Bell, Inc. (including Hawaiian Telecom) Comcast Corporation Cox Communications, Inc. DISH Network Corporation EchoStar Corporation (including Sling Media) Frontier Communications Corporation Google, Inc. (including Google Fiber) Lumen Technologies, Inc. Microsoft Corporation (including MSN) RCN Telecom Services, LLC T-Mobile US, Inc. Verizon Communications, Inc. (including AOL) Windstream Holdings, Inc. and Wide Open West. 
 
 C. The provision of voice and or data service or transport to consumer or commercial customers or users, on a retail or wholesale business, whether by analog or digital technology, by any distribution platform (including coaxial cable, fiber optic cable, 
 28 

digital subscriber line, power line, satellite, wireless and Internet) or protocol (IP or other). Executive agrees that the following companies (and their parents, subsidiaries and controlled affiliates), and their successors and assigns, are among those engaged in competitive voice and or data service or transport as of the date hereof Allstream Altice USA, Inc. AT&T Inc. (including DIRECTV) Cincinnati Bell, Inc. (including Hawaiian Telecom) Comcast Corporation Cox Communications, Inc. DISH Network Corporation EarthLink Holdings Corp EchoStar Corporation (including Sling Media) Frontier Communications Corporation Fusion Cloud Services, LLC Google, Inc. (including Google Fiber and Google Voice) Lumen Technologies, Inc. Lumos Networks Corp. magicJack Microsoft Corporation (including Skype) Ooma, Inc. RCN Telecom Services, LLC T-Mobile US, Inc. Vonage Holdings Corp. Verizon Communications, Inc. Wide Open West Windstream Holdings, Inc. and Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. 
 
 D. The provision of wireless communications services to consumer or commercial customers or users, on a retail or wholesale basis, whether by analog or digital technology, to any type of end-user equipment (television, computer, phone, personal digital assistant, tablet, console or other) and by any technology or protocol (IP or other). Executive agrees that the following companies (and their parents, subsidiaries and controlled affiliates), and their successor and assigns, are among those engaged in the provision of competitive wireless service as of the date hereof AT&T Inc. Boingo Wireless, Inc. DISH Network Corporation T-Mobile US, Inc. (including Metro) Verizon Communications, Inc. and Windstream Holdings, Inc. 
 
 E. The sale of other provision of advertising to commercial customers, directly or indirectly through representation groups, cooperatives or otherwise, on a retail or wholesale basis, for distribution by analog or digital technology, to any type of end-user equipment (television, computer, phone, personal digital assistant, tablet, console or other), by any distribution platform (including broadcast, coaxial cable, fiber optic cable, digital subscriber line, power line, satellite, wireless and Internet), method (streaming, download, application or other) or protocol (IP or other). Executive agrees that the following companies (and their parents, subsidiaries and controlled affiliates), and their successors and assigns, are among those engaged in such competitive activities as of the date hereof Altice USA, Inc. Apple, Inc. AT&T Inc. (including DIRECTV) Comcast Corporation Cox Communications, Inc. DISH Network Corporation EchoStar Corporation (including Sling Media) Facebook, Inc. Google, Inc. (including YouTube) Microsoft Corporation (including MSN) RCN Telecom Services, LLC Verizon Communications, Inc. (including AOL) Viamedia, Inc. and Wide Open West. 
 
 End of Schedule 1 
 
 29 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 RELEASE 
 
 This Release of Claims (this Release is entered into as of the Date of Termination (as defined in that certain Employment Agreement, dated as of _______________, 2021, to which JONATHAN HARGIS Executive and CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), are parties, as such agreement is from time to time amended in accordance with its terms (the Employment Agreement ). 
 
 1. Release of Claims by Executive . 
 
 (a) Pursuant to Section 11(g) of the Employment Agreement, Executive, with the intention of binding himself and his heirs, executors, administrators and assigns (collectively, and together with Executive, the Executive Releasors ), hereby releases, remises, acquits and forever discharges the Company and each of its subsidiaries and affiliates (the Company Affiliated Group ), and their past and present directors, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, representatives, plan fiduciaries, and the successors, predecessors and assigns of each of the foregoing (collectively, and together with the members of the Company Affiliated Group, the Company Released Parties ), of and from any and all claims, actions, causes of action, complaints, charges, demands, rights, damages, debts, sums of money, accounts, financial obligations, suits, expenses, attorneys fees and liabilities of whatever kind or nature in law, equity or otherwise, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, unliquidated or otherwise and whether now known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that arise out of, or relate in any way to, events occurring on or before the date hereof relating to Executive s employment or the termination of such employment (collectively, Released Claims and that Executive, individually or as a member of a class, now has, owns or holds, or has at any time heretofore had, owned or held, against any Company Released Party in any capacity, including any and all Released Claims (i) arising out of or in any way connected with Executive s service to any member of the Company Affiliated Group (or the predecessors thereof) in any capacity (including as an employee, officer or director), or the termination of such service in any such capacity, (ii) for severance or vacation benefits, unpaid wages, salary or incentive payments, (iii) for breach of contract, wrongful discharge, impairment of economic opportunity, defamation, intentional infliction of emotional harm or other tort, (iv) for any violation of applicable federal, state and local labor and employment laws (including all laws concerning unlawful and unfair labor and employment practices) and (v) for employment discrimination under any applicable federal, state or local statute, provision, order or regulation, and including, without limitation, any claim under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 Title VII ), the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA and any similar or analogous state statute, excepting only that no claim in respect of any of the following rights shall constitute a Released Claim 
 
 (1) any right arising under, or preserved by, this Release or the Employment Agreement 
 
 A-1 

(2) for avoidance of doubt, any right to indemnification under (i) applicable corporate law, (ii) the by-laws or certificate of incorporation of any Company Released Party, (iii) any other agreement between Executive and a Company Released Party or (iv) as an insured under any director s and officer s liability insurance policy now or previously in force or 
 
 (3) for avoidance of doubt, any claim for benefits under any health, disability, retirement, life insurance or similar employee benefit plan of the Company Affiliated Group. 
 
 (b) No Executive Releasor shall file or cause to be filed any action, suit, claim, charge or proceeding with any governmental agency, court or tribunal relating to any Released Claim within the scope of this Section 1 (each, individually, a Proceeding ), and no Executive Releasor shall participate voluntarily in any Proceeding provided , however , and subject to the immediately following sentence, nothing set forth herein is intended to or shall interfere with Executive s right to participate in a Proceeding with any appropriate federal, state, or local government agency enforcing discrimination laws, nor shall this Agreement prohibit Executive from cooperating with any such agency in its investigation. Executive waives any right he may have to benefit in any manner from any relief (whether monetary or otherwise) arising out of any Proceeding. 
 
 (c) In the event any Proceeding within the scope of this Section 1 is brought by any government agency, putative class representative or other third Party to vindicate any alleged rights of Executive, (i) Executive shall, except to the extent required or compelled by law, legal process or subpoena, refrain from participating, testifying or producing documents therein, and (ii) all damages, inclusive of attorneys fees, if any, required to be paid to Executive by the Company as a consequence of such Proceeding shall be repaid to the Company by Executive within ten (10) calendar days of his receipt thereof. 
 
 (d) The amounts and other benefits set forth in Sections 11(b)(A)-(C) of the Employment Agreement, to which Executive would not otherwise be entitled, are being paid to Executive in return for Executive s execution and non-revocation of this Release and Executive s agreements and covenants contained in the Employment Agreement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the release of claims set forth in this Section 1 is not to be construed in any way as an admission of any liability whatsoever by any Company Released Party, any such liability being expressly denied. 
 
 (e) The release of claims set forth in this Section 1 applies to any relief in respect of any Released Claim of any kind, no matter how called, including wages, back pay, front pay, compensatory damages, liquidated damages, punitive damages, damages for pain or suffering, costs, and attorney s fees and expenses. Executive specifically acknowledges that his acceptance of the terms of the release of claims set forth in this Section 1 is, among other things, a specific waiver of his rights, claims and causes of action under Title VII, ADEA and any state or local law or regulation in respect of discrimination of any kind provided , however , that nothing herein shall be deemed, nor does anything contained herein purport, to be a waiver of any right or claim or cause of action which by law Executive is not permitted to waive. 
 
 A-2 

2. Voluntary Execution of Release . 
 
 BY HIS SIGNATURE BELOW, EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
 
 (a) HE HAS RECEIVED A COPY OF THIS RELEASE AND WAS OFFERED A PERIOD OF TWENTY-ONE (21) DAYS TO REVIEW AND CONSIDER IT 
 
 (b) IF HE SIGNS THIS RELEASE PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF TWENTY-ONE (21) CALENDAR DAYS, HE KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES AND GIVES UP THIS RIGHT OF REVIEW 
 
 (c) HE HAS THE RIGHT TO REVOKE THIS RELEASE FOR A PERIOD OF SEVEN (7) CALENDAR DAYS AFTER HE SIGNS IT BY MAILING OR DELIVERING A WRITTEN NOTICE OF REVOCATION TO THE COMPANY NO LATER THAN THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS ON THE SEVENTH CALENDAR DAY AFTER THE DAY ON WHICH HE SIGNED THIS RELEASE 
 
 (d) THIS RELEASE SHALL NOT BECOME EFFECTIVE OR ENFORCEABLE UNTIL THE FOREGOING SEVEN DAY REVOCATION PERIOD HAS EXPIRED WITHOUT THE RELEASE HAVING BEEN REVOKED 
 
 (e) THIS RELEASE WILL BE FINAL AND BINDING AFTER THE EXPIRATION OF THE FOREGOING REVOCATION PERIOD REFERRED TO IN SECTION 2(c), AND FOLLOWING SUCH REVOCATION PERIOD EXECUTIVE AGREES NOT TO CHALLENGE ITS ENFORCEABILITY 
 
 (f) HE IS AWARE OF HIS RIGHT TO CONSULT AN ATTORNEY, HAS BEEN ADVISED IN WRITING TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY, AND HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY, IF DESIRED, PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS RELEASE 
 
 (g) NO PROMISE OR INDUCEMENT FOR THIS RELEASE HAS BEEN MADE EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AND THIS RELEASE AND 
 
 (h) HE HAS CAREFULLY READ THIS RELEASE, ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE HAS NOT RELIED ON ANY REPRESENTATION OR STATEMENT, WRITTEN OR ORAL, NOT SET FORTH IN THIS DOCUMENT OR THE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, AND WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT HE IS SIGNING THIS RELEASE KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY. 
 
 3. Miscellaneous . 
 
 The provisions of the Employment Agreement relating to representations, successors, notices, amendments waivers, headings, severability, choice of law, references, arbitration and 
 A-3 

counterparts faxed signatures, shall apply to this Release as if set fully forth in full herein, with references in such Sections to this Agreement being deemed, as appropriate, to be references to this Release. For avoidance of doubt, this Section 3 has been included in this Release solely for the purpose of avoiding the need to repeat herein the full text of the referenced provisions of the Employment Agreement. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 A-4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive has acknowledged, executed and delivered this Release on the date indicated below. 
 
 Name Jonathan Hargis Date 

A-1 

</EX-10.72(A)>

<EX-10.72(B)>
 5
 chtr12312022exh1072b.htm
 EX-10.72(B)

Document 
 Exhibit 10.72(b) 

 AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Amendment ), by and among Charter Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Jonathan Hargis Executive ), is dated as of May 11, 2022 to amend that certain EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, by and among the Company and Executive, dated as of May 18, 2021 (the Employment Agreement ). The terms and provisions set forth in this Amendment shall become effective on April 1, 2022 (the Amendment Effective Date ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive and the Company are parties to the Employment Agreement and wish to amend the Employment Agreement effective as of the Amendment Effective Date as provided herein and 
 
 WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Company to assure itself of the continued services of Executive by continuing to engage Executive, and the Executive desires to serve the Company on the terms herein provided. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the respective covenants and agreements set forth below, the Parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Certain Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms used herein will have the meanings assigned to them in the Employment Agreement. 
 
 2. Employment Term . Section 2 of the Employment Agreement is deleted in its entirety and the following substituted therefore 
 
 2. Employment Term . The Company hereby continues to employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts continued employment, under the terms and conditions hereof, for the period (the Term beginning on the Amendment Effective Date and terminating upon the earlier of (i) the date mutually agreed to by the parties in the fourth quarter of 2022, but no later than December 31, 2022, or (ii) the Date of Termination as defined in Section 1(j). 
 
 3. Position and Duties . Section 3 of the Employment Agreement is deleted in its entirety and the following substituted therefore 
 
 3. Position and Duties. 
 
 (a) During the Term, Executive shall serve as Special Advisor to the Chief Operating Officer of the Company shall have such duties and responsibilities (including service with affiliates of the Company), as may from time to time reasonably be assigned to him by the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, including but not limited to 

actively assisting the replacement executives through the end of the Term, and managing key projects and continue providing advice counsel through the end of the Term. 
 
 (b) During the Term, Executive shall devote sufficient time and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company to carry out the responsibilities and projects assigned to him by the Chief Operating Officer. However, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Executive from (i) serving on the boards of a reasonable number of business entities, trade associations and charitable organizations, (ii) engaging in charitable activities and community affairs, (iii) accepting and fulfilling a reasonable number of speaking engagements, and (iv) managing his personal investments and affairs provided that such activities do not, either individually or in the aggregate, create a conflict of interest or violate any provision of this Agreement. 
 
 4. Place of Performance . Section 4 of the Employment Agreement is deleted in its entirety and the following substituted therefore 
 
 4. Place of Performance . During the Term, Executive s primary office shall be the Corporate Office, except for necessary travel on the Company s business. Executive will not be expected to report to the Corporate Office on a daily basis and will report to the Corporate Office at such times as Executive and the Chief Operating Officer determine. The Parties acknowledge and Executive agrees that Executive is expected to commute to the Corporate Office from his principal or secondary residence whether inside or outside of the metropolitan area or areas in which the Corporate Office is located. 
 
 5. Annual Base Salary . Section 5 of the Employment Agreement is deleted in its entirety and the following substituted therefore 
 
 5. Annual Base Salary . Beginning on the Amendment Effective Date, Executive shall receive a base salary at a rate not less than 350,000 per annum through the end of the Term (the Annual Base Salary ), paid in accordance with the Company s general payroll practices for executives, but no less frequently than monthly. The Annual Base Salary shall compensate Executive for any position in or directorship of a Company subsidiary or affiliate that Executive holds. 
 
 6. Bonus . Section 6 of the Employment Agreement is deleted in its entirety and the following substituted therefore 
 
 6. Bonus . Through the end of the Term (the Bonus Year ), Executive shall be eligible to receive a bonus with a target amount not less than 150 of Executive s Annual Base Salary applicable to the period of the year for the corresponding Annual Base Salary (i.e. 150 of 700,000 through March 31, 2022 and 150 of 350,000 for the period from April 1, 2022 to the end of the Term) (the Target Bonus ), with the actual bonus payout depending on the achievement of levels of performance for that year (the Bonus pursuant to, and as set forth in, the terms of the Company s Executive 

Bonus Plan as it may be amended from time to time, plus such other bonus payments, if any, as shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, with such bonuses being paid on or before March 15 of the calendar year next following the Bonus Year. 
 
 7. Vacations . Section 9 of the Employment Agreement is deleted in its entirety and intentionally left blank. 
 
 8. Termination . Section 10(a)(iv) of the Employment Agreement (Good Reason termination) is hereby deleted in its entirety. 
 
 9. Termination Pay . Sections 11 (b) (Termination by Executive with Good Reason or by Company without Cause), (d) (Termination by Executive without Good Reason or by Company for Cause), (e) (Termination by Executive Following the Expiration of the Initial Term) and (g) (Conditions to Payments) of the Employment Agreement are deleted in their entirety and the following substituted therefore to remove Good Reason as a termination event giving rise to any separation payments 
 
 (b) Termination . Upon termination of the employment of Executive, Executive will be entitled to receive (i) all Annual Base Salary earned and duly payable for periods ending on or prior to the Date of Termination but unpaid as of the Date of Termination, which amounts shall be paid in cash in a lump sum no later than ten (10) business days following the Date of Termination and (ii) all reasonable expenses incurred by Executive through the Date of Termination that are reimbursable in accordance with Section 8, which amount shall be paid in cash within thirty (30) calendar days after the submission by Executive of receipts and (iii) all Bonuses earned and duly payable for periods ending on or prior to the Date of Termination but unpaid as of the Date of Termination, which amounts shall be paid in cash in a lump sum no later than sixty (60) calendar days following the Date of Termination (such amounts in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) together, the Accrued Obligations ). In such event, Executive agrees to sign and deliver to the Company and will not (within the applicable revocation period) revoke the Release (as defined in Section 11(h)) within sixty (60) calendar days following the Date of Termination, Executive shall also be entitled to receive the payments provided for above. 
 
 (d) Intentionally left blank. 
 
 (e) Intentionally left blank. 
 
 (f) Intentionally left blank. 
 
 10. Entire Agreement . This Amendment and the Employment Agreement, as amended hereby, contain the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to its specific subject matter and supersedes any prior oral and written communications, agreements and understandings among the Parties concerning the specific subject matter hereof. This Amendment may not be modified, amended, altered, waived or rescinded in any manner, except 

by written instrument signed by both of the Parties hereto that expressly refers to the provision of this Amendment that is being modified, amended, altered, waived or rescinded provided , however , that the waiver by either Party of a breach or compliance with any provision of this Amendment shall not operate nor be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or compliance. 
 
 11. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may also be executed by delivery of facsimile or .pdf signatures, which shall be effective for all purposes. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the date and year first above written. 

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS, INC. By s Paul Marchand Print Name Paul Marchand Title Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer EXECUTIVE s Jonathan Hargis Name Jonathan Hargis 

</EX-10.72(B)>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 chtr123122exh-211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Charter Communications, Inc. 
 Entity Jurisdiction and Type 
 December 31, 2022 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction and Type Bresnan Broadband Holdings, LLC Delaware limited liability company Bresnan Broadband of Colorado, LLC Colorado limited liability company Bresnan Broadband of Montana, LLC Montana limited liability company Bresnan Broadband of Utah, LLC Utah limited liability company Bresnan Broadband of Wyoming, LLC Wyoming limited liability company Bresnan Digital Services, LLC Delaware limited liability company Bright House Networks Information Services (Alabama), LLC Delaware limited liability company Bright House Networks Information Services (California), LLLC Delaware limited liability company Bright House Networks Information Services (Florida), LLC Delaware limited liability company Bright House Networks Information Services (Indiana), LLC Delaware limited liability company Bright House Networks Information Services (Michigan), LLC Delaware limited liability company CC Fiberlink, LLC Delaware limited liability company CC VI Fiberlink, LLC Delaware limited liability company CC VII Fiberlink, LLC Delaware limited liability company CCH Holding Company, LLC Delaware limited liability company CCH I Holdings, LLC Delaware limited liability company CCH II, LLC Delaware limited liability company CCHC, LLC Delaware limited liability company CCI Green, LLC Delaware limited liability company CCO Fiberlink, LLC Delaware limited liability company CCO Holdings Capital Corp. Delaware corporation CCO Holdings, LLC Delaware limited liability company CCO NR Holdings, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Advanced Services (MO), LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Communications Holding Company, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Communications Holdings, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Communications, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp. Delaware corporation Charter Communications Operating, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Communications VI, L.L.C. Delaware limited liability company Charter Communications, Inc. Delaware corporation (Parent Company) Charter Distribution, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink Alabama, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink Georgia, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink Illinois, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink Maryland II, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink Michigan, LLC Delaware limited liability company 

Entity Name Jurisdiction and Type Charter Fiberlink Missouri, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink Nebraska, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink Tennessee, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink CA-CCO, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink CC VIII, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink CCO, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink CT-CCO, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink LA-CCO, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink MA-CCO, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink MS-CCVI, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink NC-CCO, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink NH-CCO, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink NV-CCVII, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink NY-CCO, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink OR-CCVII, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink SC-CCO, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink TX-CCO, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink VA-CCO, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink VT-CCO, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Fiberlink WA-CCVII, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Gateway, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Leasing Holding Company, LLC Delaware limited liability company Charter Procurement Leasing, LLC Delaware limited liability company DukeNet Communications, LLC Delaware limited liability company Innovar Media LLC Oklahoma limited liability company Insight Blocker LLC Delaware limited liability company Marcus Cable Associates, L.L.C. Delaware limited liability company SCI Aviation, Inc. New York corporation Spectrum Advanced Services, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Captive Holdings, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Communications Indemnity Inc. Connecticut captive insurance company Spectrum Fiberlink Florida, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Gulf Coast, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Management Holding Company, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Mid-America, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Mid-America WI-FY2022,LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Mobile Equipment, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Mobile, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum New Jersey, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum New York Metro, LLC Delaware limited liability company 

Entity Name Jurisdiction and Type Spectrum NLP, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Northeast, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Oceanic, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Originals Development, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Originals, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Pacific West, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Reach, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum RSN, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Security, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Southeast, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Stamford, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Sunshine State, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum TV Essentials, LLC Delaware limited liability company Spectrum Wireless Holdings, LLC Delaware limited liability company TC Technology LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Business LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Alabama), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Arizona), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (California), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Colorado), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Hawaii), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Idaho), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Illinois), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Indiana), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Kansas), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Kentucky), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Maine), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Massachusetts), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Michigan), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Missouri), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Nebraska), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (New Hampshire), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (New Jersey), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (New Mexico), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (New York), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (North Carolina), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Ohio), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Pennsylvania), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (South Carolina), LLC Delaware limited liability company 

Entity Name Jurisdiction and Type Time Warner Cable Information Services (Tennessee), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Texas), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Virginia), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Washington), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (West Virginia), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable Information Services (Wisconsin), LLC Delaware limited liability company Time Warner Cable, LLC Delaware limited liability company TWC Administration LLC Delaware limited liability company TWC Communications, LLC Delaware limited liability company TWC Employee Disaster Relief Fund Delaware non-profit corporation TWC SEE Holdco LLC Delaware limited liability company TWCIS Holdco LLC Delaware limited liability company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 chtr123122exh-231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors 
 Charter Communications, Inc. 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-190516, 333-163357, 333-170475, 333-211517, 333-214399, and 333-232855) on Form S-8 and (No. 333-251186) on Form S-3 of our report dated January 26, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Charter Communications, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

(Signed) KPMG LLP 
 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 January 26, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 chtr12312022exh-311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 I, Christopher L. Winfrey, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Charter Communications, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date January 27, 2023 
 
 s Christopher L. Winfrey 
 Christopher L. Winfrey 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 chtr12312022exh-312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 I, Jessica M. Fischer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Charter Communications, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date January 27, 2023 
 
 s Jessica M. Fischer 
 Jessica M. Fischer 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 chtr12312022exh-321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
 OFFICER REGARDING PERIODIC REPORT CONTAINING 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 I, Christopher L. Winfrey, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Charter Communications, Inc. (the Company in compliance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certify that, the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Christopher L. Winfrey 
 Christopher L. Winfrey 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 January 27, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 chtr12312022exh-322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL 
 OFFICER REGARDING PERIODIC REPORT CONTAINING 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 I, Jessica M. Fischer, the Chief Financial Officer of Charter Communications, Inc. (the Company ), in compliance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certify that, the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Jessica M. Fischer 
 Jessica M. Fischer 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 January 27, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 chtr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 chtr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 chtr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 chtr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 chtr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

