<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_944130_0000944130-23-000025.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15890016</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>253223</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1810210</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6141052</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2499519</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4667307</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000944130-23-000025.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324133327
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000944130-23-000025
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000944130
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				263959348
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-04028-LA
		FILM NUMBER:		23759203

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		915 WEST IMPERIAL HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 120
		CITY:			BREA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92821
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(714) 671-5720

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		915 WEST IMPERIAL HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 120
		CITY:			BREA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92821

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960506

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000944130-23-000025.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 tmb-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____to_____ Commission file number: (Exact name of small business issuer in its charter) 

LIFORNIA (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Issuer s telephone number: Securities registered under 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None Securities registered under 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes . Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes . Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit). No . Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Emerging Growth Company Smaller reporting company filer If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revise accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes . As of May 4, 2017 (the last date any sale or exchange was made of our Class A Common Units), the aggregate market value of the registrant s Class A Common Units held by non-affiliates was estimated to have no value. As of June 29, 2018 (the last date any sale or exchange was made of our Series A Preferred Units), the market value of the Series A Preferred Units was estimated at 67.50 per share or . The registrant has sold no Class A Common Units within the past sixty days and there is no public market value for the registrant s Class A Common Units. The number of Class A Common Units outstanding, as of December 31, 2022, was . 

Table of Contents 
 MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. Part I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 16 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 31 Item 2. Properties 32 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 32 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 32 Part II Item 5. Market for our Common Equity, Related Member Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 33 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 34 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 35 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 58 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 59 F-63 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 60 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 60 Item 9B. Other Information 61 Part III Item 10. Managers and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 62 Item 11. Executive Compensation 69 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Member Matters 71 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 72 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 73 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules 75 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 76 SIGNATURES 77 

Table of Contents 
 Explanatory Note for Purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Certain statements in this Report, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are included with respect to, among other things, our current business plan, core strategy and portfolio management. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that we believe might cause such differences are discussed in the section entitled, Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K or otherwise accompany the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In assessing all forward-looking statements, readers are urged to read carefully all cautionary statements contained in this Form 10-K. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 OUR COMPANY Our Identity and History Contact Information 

Location of principal office 915 West Imperial Highway, Suite 120, Brea, California 92821 Telephone number (800) 753-6772 Website address www.ministrypartners.org The Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge on the Company s website at www.ministrypartners.org as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Throughout this document, we refer to Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and its subsidiaries as the Company, we, us, or our. Purpose and Mission Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC s mission has been to strengthen Christian stewardship by providing financial products and services to churches and ministries, individuals and businesses, as well as other financial institutions including credit unions and banks, investment and insurance companies, and denominational loan funds. Whether you are working with our investment advisory, insurance agency, broker-dealer, church financing, or servicing operations, our unique approach to financial services is designed to provide you with the highest quality advice based upon sound biblical and business principles. Our value proposition is built upon a foundational premise that stewardship excellence can be achieved by working in collaboration with multiple financial professionals with broad- 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 based expertise who are focused on helping the individuals, ministries, business owners, and organizations we serve meet their financial objectives. Organization We are a credit union service organization (CUSO) owned by 11 credit unions and organized as a California limited liability company. We commenced operations in 1991. We have four wholly owned subsidiaries through which we conduct various aspects of our business: 
 Ministry Partners Securities, LLC. MP Securities ), Ministry Partners for Christ, Inc. MPC ), Ministry Partners Funding, LLC. MPF ), and MP Realty Services, Inc. MP Realty ). 
 MP Securities is a Delaware limited liability company we formed on April 26, 2010. We began conducting business operations through MP Securities in 2012. MP Securities provides investment advisory, insurance, and financial planning solutions for individuals, businesses, and faith-based organizations. MP Securities also serves as the selling agent for the Company s public and private placement notes. MPC is a not-for-profit corporation formed and organized under Delaware law. We founded MPC in order to make charitable grants to Christian organizations, and provide consulting, and financial expertise to aid evangelical Christian ministries. The Internal Revenue Service has granted MPC tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. MPF serves as the custodian of assets pledged to investors in our secured investment notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have no secured investment notes outstanding. We organized MP Realty to provide loan brokerage and other real estate services to churches and ministries. MP Realty has conducted limited operations since its launch. Our Competition Investment advisory, broker-dealer, insurance, and financial planning services There are many mainstream financial services organizations that serve the faith-based market segment throughout the United States. Most of the competitors in this institutional market segment are banks, credit unions, denominational investment funds, as well as larger investment and insurance organizations. However, the overall size of the market segment provides ample opportunities for quality firms with specialized knowledge of the 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 governance surrounding churches and ministries to effectively provide and expand the services we offer. We also serve the retail marketplace throughout the United States. While the retail market segment has large national competitors that offer alternative options, MP Securities comprehensive approach to offering investment and insurance advice with a missional purpose of strengthening Christian stewardship of financial resources enables us to provide services and products to an expanding market of potential clients. The religious loan market segment This segment has grown since our launch in 1991, and we believe that the demand for ministry loans originated and serviced by niche lenders to churches and ministries will continue to exceed available lending and financing sources for this sector. We believe that the availability of lenders serving this market has been unpredictable as larger financial institutions expand, contract, or vacate this niche market during periods of fluctuating demand and changing market conditions. We have specialized in helping these organizations since we began operations in 1991 and believe that the lack of predictable financing sources for evangelical Christian churches and organizations enables us to serve ministries that otherwise may not be able to obtain cost-effective mortgage loans. Although the demand for church financing is both broad and fragmented, no one lender has a dominant competitive position in the market. We compete with church bond financing companies, banks, credit unions, denominational loan funds, REITs, insurance companies, and other financial institutions to service this market. Many of these entities have greater marketing resources, extensive networks of offices, larger staffs, and lower cost of operations due to their size. However, we believe we have developed an efficient, effective, and economical operation that (i) specializes in identifying and creating a diversified portfolio of church mortgage loans that we or other credit unions originate and (ii) preserves our capital base and generates consistent income for payments on our debt obligations and generates investment returns for our equity investors. We rely upon the extensive experience of our officers, management team, and Board of Managers in working with ministry related financing transactions, loan origination, and investment in churches, schools, ministries, and non-profit organizations. Our Principal Business and Markets Overview We serve individuals, businesses, churches, ministries, and financial institutions through two primary business segments. One is our investment advisory practice, broker-dealer firm, and insurance agency and the other consists of our ministry and business lending 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 financing group. Within these segments, we offer a wide range of products and services for our customers and clients. We generate our revenue primarily from the following sources: 
 interest income earned on our loan investments; fee and/or commission income earned from the sale of securities, insurance, investment products, and fees received by our registered advisers for handling assets under management; and fee income earned from originating and servicing our loan investments. 
 While we strive to generate consistent earnings from these primary revenue sources, we have been able to generate income from non-recurring revenue generating activities. These include recoveries realized on distressed assets we hold, and other non-recurring events. For example, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we benefitted from non-recurring gains of 2.5 million and 2.4 million on the extinguishment of debt. See Part II, Item 7. Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Report for more information on those transactions. Investment Solutions Segment We provide investment advisory, broker-dealer, insurance, and financial planning solutions for our clients. We serve individuals, businesses, churches, and ministries through our wholly-owned broker-dealer, MP Securities, which serves as an investment advisory and broker-dealer firm with access to mainstream investment platforms that offer high quality products and services. MP Securities serves its clients through a comprehensive approach based upon identifying the client s needs and objectives. This financial planning process considers all options available to our clients as we act in their best interest to meet our fiduciary duty of care. For individuals and businesses, our mission is to strengthen their stewardship of personal wealth through biblically based financial and legacy planning, ethically responsible investment and insurance advice. For these clients the Company provides planning for retirement, college funding, insurance, inheritance, and tax management. For our church and ministry clients, through MP Securities, we strengthen their stewardship of resources through prudent treasury management services, ethically responsible investments, sound employee benefits, and risk planning. MP Securities holds a resident license from the California Department of Insurance to act as an Insurance Producer under the name Ministry Partners Insurance Agency, LLC. MP 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Securities offers its insurance products and services to help protect clients from unexpected life events. MP Securities also offers life, disability, long-term care, fixed, variable, and indexed annuities to its retail and institutional clients. With respect to the annuity products available through MP Securities, many of our clients use annuity products that mitigate risk through income guarantees. In all cases, MP Securities and its advisors have an obligation to act in the best interest of its clients. MP Securities keeps a clearing firm relationship with Royal Bank of Canada Dain Rauscher RBC Dain ), which provides additional investment platform options for our clientele. As a non-carrying broker-dealer, MP Securities opens brokerage accounts for its customers through its clearing firm agreement with RBC Dain. MP Securities also serves financial institutions by providing securities brokerage services to credit unions, CUSOs, and the customers and institutions it serves. It also acts as a selling agent for the Company s debt securities offered through both public and private note offerings. Loan Financing Segment Overview We help Christian churches and organizations by providing financing for the acquisition, development, and/or renovation of churches or church-related properties, and provide investors the opportunity to participate in funding those projects. We typically secure these loans by real property owned by churches or church-related organizations such as Christian schools and ministries. As of December 31, 2022, real estate secured 99.4 of the loans in our portfolio. We also invest in for-profit commercial and business loans to entities run by Christian principals. Currently, we conduct all our business operations in California. However, we own loan interests in 28 different states. We acquire loans either through originating loans internally or buying loans or loan participation interests from other financial institutions. When we originate a loan, we rely on our own underwriting capabilities and standards. For loans that we buy, we apply our internally developed underwriting criteria and loan acquisition policies and review the underwriting procedures carried out by the financial institution that is selling the loan or participation interest. Funding Our Operations We have relied on three primary on-balance sheet sources to fund our church and ministry loan investments. These include (i) our investor debt securities; (ii) borrowings from financial institutions; and (iii) capital investments of our equity members. To fund a substantial part of our loan investments, we rely on sales of our debt securities to new and 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 repeat investors. We market our debt securities primarily to investors who are in or associated with the Christian community. Our investors include individuals, businesses, churches, and ministries. We also have funded portions of our loan investments through borrowings from financial institutions. From time to time, we also raise funds by selling participation interests in our loan investments to other financial institutions. Finally, the Company s owners have made significant capital investment into the Company that is available to fund the balance sheet along with the Company s ongoing earnings. In the past several years, we have reduced our funding reliance on borrowings from financial institutions, shifting the funding focus on investor securities and members equity. The chart below shows the shift in the strategy we have used to finance our investments and business operations (dollars in thousands): Balance Sheet Funding Sources as of December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, of of of of of of 2022 Total 2021 Total 2020 Total 2019 Total 2018 Total 2017 Total Investor notes payable, net of debt issuance costs 79,100 82 76,732 60 76,194 54 73,046 47 68,300 44 69,003 43 Term-debt and Lines of Credit 3,007 3 34,749 28 51,516 37 71,427 46 76,515 50 81,492 51 Total members equity 14,626 15 14,511 12 12,908 9 11,071 7 9,531 6 9,429 6 Over the past three years, we took advantage of opportunities to make discounted early payoffs on our term-debt credit facilities. During 2022, the Company paid off the remaining 32.8 million that was outstanding as of December 31, 2021, resulting in a gain on debt extinguishment of 2.5 million in 2022. Our gain on debt extinguishment over the last three years totaled 7.3 million with 71.4 million in term-debt paid off. With our term-debt fully paid off, going forward we do not expect any future income from gains on debt extinguishment. From time to time, we enter into loan participation purchase and sale agreements and we believe there is a robust demand for church and ministry loans in the credit union industry. Typically, when we sell a loan participation interest, we enter into a loan participation interest purchase agreement, which includes standard representations and warranties that are typical for a transaction of this nature. We believe we have the processing systems and loan servicing capabilities to continue to expand our portfolio of loans serviced for others. We expect our loan sales to be minimal in 2023 as we seek to grow our loan portfolio. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 The table below shows the activity in our participation sold portfolio (dollars in thousands). 

As of and for the years ended December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Participation loans interests sold by the Company during the year 3,716 14,053 Total participation interests sold and serviced by the Company 34,946 46,056 Servicing income 153 189 Servicing Assets Balance, beginning of period 170 147 Additions: Servicing obligations from sale of loan participations 19 81 Subtractions: Amortization (66) (58) Balance, end of period 123 170 Human Capital Resources The Company relies on the experience of its lending, financial services, underwriting, loan servicing skills, and experience of its management team. A substantial number of its employees have extensive experience in the financial services industry. We have staff located in our Brea, Glendora, and Fresno, California offices. As the Company expands the range of services, products, and investment services it offers, the Company will look to find and recruit qualified personnel that will enable the Company to further diversify the services and products it offers and increase its revenues and profitability. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused major disruptions in the U.S. economy and the way businesses run due to state and local government restrictions designed to limit social interaction to slow the spread of the virus. To protect its employees, the Company has allowed remote work environments and modified work schedules. As of the date of this Report, the U.S. recovery from the pandemic has not materially affected the Company s operations. Effect of Government Regulations on the Business General We are a CUSO and, as a result, are subject to the regulations published by the National Credit Union Administration NCUA that apply to CUSOs. As a CUSO, we primarily serve the interests of our credit union equity investors and members of such credit unions. We are also subject to various laws and regulations that govern: 
 credit granting activities; 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 establishment of maximum interest rates; data privacy standards; disclosures to borrowers and investors in our equity securities; secured transactions; foreclosure, judicial sale, and creditor remedies that are available to a secured lender; and the licensure requirements of mortgage lenders, finance lenders, securities brokers, and financial advisers. 
 As a CUSO, we may provide a limited scope of activities. In addition, our federal credit union equity investors are allowed to invest in or lend to a CUSO only if the CUSO primarily serves credit unions, its membership, or the membership of credit unions contracting with the CUSO. While the NCUA lacks direct supervisory authority over our operations, our federal credit union equity owners are subject to regulations which govern the rules and conditions of an investment or loan they make or sell to a CUSO. In addition, state-chartered credit unions must follow their respective state s guidelines which govern investments by a state chartered credit union. California s DFPI regulates several of our equity owners. These credit union owners must follow DFPI regulations that govern the investment in a loan they make to a CUSO. Regulation of Mortgage Lenders We conduct loan originating activities for churches and other for-profit business projects. Many states regulate the investment in or origination of mortgage loans. Under the California Finance Lender s Law, no lender may engage in the business of delivering services as a finance lender or broker without obtaining a license from the DFPI, unless otherwise exempt under the law. We conduct our commercial and business lending activities under a California finance lender license. As a finance lender, we are licensed with and file reports from time to time with the DFPI. The DFPI has enforcement authority over our operations as a finance lender, which includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil monetary penalties, issue cease and desist orders, and initiate injunctive actions. We also are subject to licensing requirements in other jurisdictions in connection with our mortgage and business lending activities. Various laws and judicial and administrative decisions may impose requirements and restrictions that govern secured transactions, require specific disclosure to our borrowers and customers, establish collection, foreclosure, and repossession standards, and regulate the use and reporting of certain borrower and customer financial information. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 As we offer and originate loans outside of the State of California, we need to follow the laws and regulations of those states. The statutes which govern mortgage lending and origination activities vary by state. Because these laws are constantly changing it is difficult to comprehensively identify, accurately interpret, and effectively train our staff with respect to all of these laws and regulations. We intend to follow all applicable laws and regulations wherever we do business and will undertake a best-efforts program to do so, including the engagement of professional consultants, legal counsel, and other experts as believed necessary by our management. Broker-Dealer Registration U.S. broker-dealers are subject to rules and regulations imposed by the SEC, FINRA, other self-regulatory organizations, and state securities administrators covering all aspects of the securities business. As a registered broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), MP Securities is subject to regulation by the SEC and by state securities administrators in the states in which it conducts its activities. We have registered MP Securities in the following states: Arizona Idaho Minnesota Oklahoma Texas California Illinois Missouri Oregon Virginia Colorado Indiana Nevada Pennsylvania Washington Florida Kansas New York Rhode Island Georgia Massachusetts Ohio South Carolina MP Securities is subject to rules and regulations regarding: 
 net capital; sales practices; public and private securities offerings; capital adequacy; record keeping and reporting; conflicts of interest involving related parties; conduct of officers; directors and employees; qualification and licensing of supervisory and sales personnel; marketing practices; and 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 supervisory and oversight of personnel to ensure compliance with securities laws. 
 MP Securities is also subject to the financial responsibility, net capital, customer protection, record keeping, and notification rule amendments adopted by the SEC on July 30, 2013. Because MP Securities does not carry or hold customer funds or securities and relies upon a clearing firm to conduct these transactions, Rule 17a-5 requires that it files an exemption report as well as review reports prepared by an independent public accountant confirming that it meets the exemption provisions. As amended, the net capital rule requires that MP Securities consider in its computation of regulatory net capital any liabilities the Company assumes of its parent entity. MP Securities is also subject to routine inspections and examinations by the SEC staff under Rule 17(b) of the Exchange Act and the SEC may review, if asked, the work papers of the broker-dealer s independent public accounting firm that conducts the audit. As required by amendments to Rule 17a-5 of the Exchange Act, MP Securities files an annual report with the SEC and FINRA that includes its audited financial statements, supplementary schedules, and its exemption report as a non-carrying broker-dealer. MP Securities also files a copy of its annual report with the SIPC. Much of the regulation of broker-dealers in the U.S. has been delegated to self-regulatory organizations, principally FINRA and the securities exchanges. FINRA adopts and amends rules (which are subject to approval by the SEC) for regulating the industry and conducts periodic examinations of member firms. The SEC, FINRA, and state securities administrators may conduct administrative proceedings that can result in censure, fine, suspension, or expulsion of a broker-dealer, its officers, or employees. Due to our close affiliation with MP Securities, we are subject to related party transaction disclosure issues under federal and state securities laws and rules adopted by FINRA. Related party transactions can raise regulatory concerns: 
 in determining whether MP Securities meets its net capital requirements; in whether the allocation of costs is fairly treated in any expense sharing arrangements, or management services agreements entered into with the Company; regarding compensation paid to sales representatives in selling proprietary securities products offered by the Company; and following the suitability, know your customer, and fair practices and dealings obligations under federal and state law and rules imposed by FINRA on broker-dealer firms. 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 MP Securities is also subject to FINRA s review and policies governing disclosure practices when offering proprietary securities products, training its staff to identify and manage conflicts of interest, and reporting on significant conflict issues, including the firm s adopted measures to identify and manage conflicts, to the MP Securities Board of Managers and its Chief Executive Officer. As a broker-dealer firm, MP Securities is subject to regulation regarding: 
 sales methods; use of advertising materials; arrangements with clearing firms or exchanges; record keeping; regulatory reporting; and conduct of managers, officers, employees, and supervision. 
 To the extent MP Securities solicits orders from customers, it will be subject to additional rules and regulations governing sales practices and suitability rules imposed on member firms. MP Securities acts as a selling agent for the Company s public and private debt securities. Due to this role, MP Securities must follow FINRA s filing requirements for these offerings. We believe that MP Securities has followed its filing obligations as required under applicable FINRA, SEC, and state securities laws. MP Securities must also hold minimum net capital per FINRA rules. In general, net capital is the net worth of the entity (assets minus liabilities) less any other imposed deductions or other charges. A member firm that does not keep the required net capital must cease conducting business. If it does not do so, it may be subject to suspension or revocation of registration by the SEC and suspension or expulsion by FINRA. Under its Membership Agreement with FINRA, MP Securities must keep minimum net capital of the greater of 5,000 or one fifteenth of its aggregate indebtedness. As required by the 2013 amendments adopted by the SEC, MP Securities must include any liabilities assumed by the Company unless the Company is able to prove that it has adequate capital to pay such expenses. Regulation of Investment Advisers On July 11, 2013, the State of California granted its approval for MP Securities to deliver investment advisory services to its clients. As a California registered investment advisory firm, MP Securities must develop and sustain compliance procedures, record keeping 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 procedures, follow custody rules, marketing and disclosure obligations. MP Securities is also subject to the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and related regulations. The SEC may institute proceedings and impose fines and sanctions for violation of the Investment Advisers Act. In addition to ensuring MP Securities compliance with federal and state laws governing its activities as a California registered investment advisory firm, the California DFPI requires that representatives hired by MP Securities meet certain qualification requirements, including complying with testing requirements and examinations. Our failure to follow the requirements of the Investment Advisers Act, related SEC rules or regulations, and provisions of the California Corporations Code and Code of Regulations could have a material negative effect on us. We believe we are following all material aspects with SEC requirements and California laws and regulations. As MP Securities hires new registered investment advisers, it must check its compliance with SEC and DFPI regulations. Fiduciary Standards The Dodd-Frank Act authorized the SEC to consider whether broker-dealer firms should be held to a standard of care similar to the fiduciary standard applied to registered investment advisors. Although the SEC has not adopted the fiduciary rule for broker-dealer firms, the DOL issued final regulations in April 2016 which expanded the definition as to who will be considered to be an investment advice fiduciary under the Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA ). DOL also issued a new prohibited transaction exemption known as the best interest contract exemption designed to address conflicts that may arise when a person provides advice to a retail investor that may be vulnerable to conflicts of interest involving the advisory firm. With the issuance of the DOL fiduciary rule under ERISA, fiduciary status would be extended to investment advisors and investment professionals that have previously not been considered fiduciaries. If considered a fiduciary, the representative is held to a strict standard requiring the representative to act solely in the interests of plan participants and beneficiaries. With the adoption of the fiduciary standard, the representative is subject to personal liability to the ERISA plan for breaches of its actions under the rule. Implementation of the DOL fiduciary rule, especially in the context of a MP Securities adviser or sales representative rolling over an individual retirement account IRA into our proprietary debt securities, will require that we: 
 incur additional compliance costs; engage in further training initiatives; undertake a thorough review of available transactional exemptions from the rule; 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 prepare agreements to follow such rule; and implement information technology revisions to our policies and procedures to follow DOL s fiduciary rule. 
 Regulation Best Interest Standard The Regulation Best Interest standard was adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5, 2019 and became effective on September 10, 2019 Reg BI ). Under Reg BI, a new standard of conduct has been created for broker-dealer firms and their sales personnel when making a recommendation to purchase a security to a retail investor. Under Reg BI, a broker-dealer firm must act in the best interest of the retail customer at the time the recommendation is made and follow the following component obligations: 
 (i) furnish disclosures regarding the material fees and costs that apply to the investor s account, type and scope of services provided by the broker-dealer firm, minimum account size, the general basis and investment approach of the broker-dealer firm, and disclosure of any material facts relating to a conflict of interest that may affect a broker-dealer s recommendation; (ii) exercise reasonable diligence, care, and skill in making the recommendation; (iii) establish, maintain, and enforce written policies and procedures reasonably designed to address conflicts of interest; and (iv) establish, maintain, and enforce written policies and procedures reasonably designed to achieve compliance with Reg BI. 
 With the adoption of Reg BI, state securities regulators may impose or require more rigorous investor suitability standards than those, which are set forth above. In addition, there is inadequate administrative or case law which can give guidance as to how Reg BI will be interpreted. Finally, the Company may need to impose more rigorous quantitative suitability standards for investments made in our investor notes in the future if one or more state regulators adopt more stringent suitability regulations or policies per Reg BI. Privacy Standards The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999 GLBA modernized the financial services industry by setting up a comprehensive framework to permit affiliations among commercial banks, insurance companies, securities firms, and other financial service providers. We are subject to regulations implementing the privacy protection provisions of the GLBA. These regulations require us to show our privacy policy, including identifying with whom we share non-public personal information to 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 our investors and borrowers at the time of establishing the customer relationship and annually thereafter. The State of California s Financial Information Privacy Act also regulates consumer s rights under California law to restrict the sharing of financial data. In recent years, there has been a heightened legislative and regulatory focus on data security, including requiring customer notification if a data breach occurs. As MP Securities expands its investment advisory business operations, it will also need to monitor legislative and regulatory initiatives that affect investment advisers. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Any of the following identified risks, along with other unidentified risks, or risks we believe are immaterial or unlikely, could harm the Company. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks that may have a material, adverse effect on us. Additional risks and uncertainties also could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The risks discussed below include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below in conjunction with the other information in this Form 10-K. Risks Related to the Company We may be unable to obtain sufficient capital to meet the financing requirements of our business. Our ability to finance our operations and repay maturing obligations to our investors primarily depends on our ability to raise funds from the sale of our debt securities. Factors that affect our ability to sell our debt securities include, but are not limited to: 
 quality of the mortgage loan and business loan investments we make; the profitability of our operations; and limitations imposed under our credit facility arrangements and trust indenture agreements that have restrictive and negative covenants that may limit our ability to borrow additional sums or sell our publicly and privately offered debt securities. 
 Our growth is dependent on leverage, which may create other risks. We use responsible leverage, which means borrowing to invest in mortgage assets. This mechanism creates net interest income for the Company. Our Board of Managers has overall responsibility for our financing strategy. Our success is dependent, in part, upon our ability to manage our leverage effectively. Leverage creates an opportunity for 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 increased net income, but at the same time creates risks. For example, leveraging magnifies changes in our net worth. We will incur leverage only when we expect that it will enhance our investment returns. To generate a quick sell on an asset, the asset often sells at a discount. There can be no assurance that we will be able to meet our debt service obligations; and, if we must quickly sell assets to meet our debt service obligations, we risk incurring a loss on some or all those assets. Our management has been working on reducing the Company s reliance on leverage by increasing revenue from non-balance sheet sources that do not require leverage, such as our broker-dealer commissions and loan servicing income. A portion of our mortgage loans collateralizes our credit facilities; therefore, these pledged assets will be unavailable to meet our unsecured debt obligations. Our lines of credit requires that we secure them with mortgage loans, keeping a minimum collateralization ratio on each credit facility. Loans pledged as collateral to the lines of credit will be unavailable for other cash flow purposes, including meeting our unsecured debt obligations. A default on one of our credit facilities could reduce the availability of other assets on our balance sheet, and adversely affect our liquidity and ability to repay our investor notes. The following table shows the recorded balance of loans pledged and not pledged as collateral as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

Recorded Loan Balance Collateral pledged to line of credit 17,819 Loans not pledged 69,223 Total loans 87,042 Our financing arrangements have covenants that restrict our operations and any default under these arrangements would inhibit our ability to grow our business, increase revenue, and make distributions to our equity investors. Our financing arrangements have restrictions, covenants, and events of default. Failure to meet or satisfy any of these covenants could result in an event of default under these agreements. Our default under any of our financing arrangements could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, and our ability to make distributions to our equity investors. These restrictions also may interfere with our ability to obtain financing or engage in other business activities. We may be unable to successfully implement our strategy to grow our mortgage loan and non-interest generating segments of our business. Over the past decade, we have gradually decreased the total amount of mortgage loans on our balance sheet as part of an effort to reduce risk in the portfolio and pay off our long- 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 term debt. Having completed those objectives the Company intends to enter a growth phase and increase our loan portfolio. We have also implemented a strategic objective of transitioning to a more diversified financial services. We also intend to continue our strategy of offering additional financial products and services to our equity owners, strategic partners, and clients. Continuing to grow our business will depend, in part, on our ability to address the needs of our clients, borrowers, investors and strategic partners by effectively using technology to provide products and services that will enable us to create additional efficiencies in our business and expand the scope of and volume of financial transactions we are able to complete. If we cannot effectively grow our business our operations and financial condition may be adversely impacted. Loss of our management team or the ability to attract and keep key employees could harm our business. We are dependent on the industry knowledge, professional skillsets, institutional contacts, and overall financial services experience of our senior management team. We rely on our management team to develop relationships with current and potential clients and strategic business partners. We also rely on our management team to develop new products and services for our clientele, as well as the continued expansion of complimentary lines of business to diversify the Company s value proposition further. We can give no assurances that we will be able to recruit and keep qualified senior managers that will enable us to achieve our core strategic aims and continue to grow our business profitably. Our broker-dealer and investment advisory business depends on fees generated from the distribution of financial products and advisory fees. One of our strategic goals is to increase non-interest revenues from fees generated from the distribution of financial products, such as managed accounts, mutual funds, and annuity products. Changes in the structure or amount of fees paid by sponsors of these products could directly affect our non-interest revenue. In addition, if these products experience losses or increased investor redemptions, the revenue we earn on these products may decline. The ability to attract and keep qualified financial advisors and associates is critical to MP Securities continued success. As we continue to expand our non-interest revenue sources, we will need to expand our team of qualified investment and financial advisors that complement the services we provide to our clients. If we are unable to recruit and keep qualified professionals, we could jeopardize our strategic goal of increasing non-interest income, thereby adversely affecting our net earnings and financial condition. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Our systems may experience an interruption or breach in security, which could subject us to increased operating costs as well as litigation and other liabilities. We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business, process, send, and store electronic financial information. Any failure, interruption, or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in our critical business systems. The secure transmission of confidential information over the Internet and other electronic transmission and communication systems is essential to keeping customer confidence in our services. Security breaches, computer viruses, acts of vandalism, and developments in computer capabilities could result in a breach or breakdown of the technology we use to protect customer and investor information and transaction data. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the possible failure, interruption, or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failure, interruption or security breach will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. We rely on third parties in processing our transactions. Any breakdown or failures of their systems or capacity constraints could adversely affect our operations. The occurrence of any failure, interruption, or security breach of our information systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of a borrower, investor, or customer s business, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability. Our critical business systems may fail due to events out of our control, such as: 
 unforeseen catastrophic events; cyber-attacks; human error; change in operational practices of our system vendors; or unforeseen problems met while implementing major new computer systems or upgrades to existing systems. 
 These events could potentially result in data loss and adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. As of the date of this Report, to our knowledge, we have not experienced any material impacts relating to cyber-attacks or information system security breaches. From time to time, we have engaged in transactions with related parties and our policies and procedures on these transactions may be insufficient to address any conflicts of interest that may arise. Under our code of business conduct, we have set up procedures regarding the review, approval, and ratification of transactions that may give rise to a conflict of interest between 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 us and a related party. A related party is any employee, officer, board member, equity owner, trustee, their immediate family members, other businesses under their control, and other related persons. In the ordinary course of our business operations, we have ongoing relationships and engage in transactions with several related entities. This includes transactions with our equity owners. Conflicts of interest are inherent in any transactions involving credit facilities, funds on deposit with, mortgage loans bought, sold, participated, or serviced in our dealings with our equity owners. While the Company believes that it has taken reasonable measures to mitigate any risks, these procedures may not be sufficient to address conflicts of interest that may arise. Risks Related to the Financial Services Industry and Financial Markets The failure of a financial institution in which we deposit our funds could have an adverse impact on our ability to access our short-term source of funds. In response to recent bank closures by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), the Company is monitoring its cash investments with various financial institutions and adjusting its short-term liquidity policies to respond to changes in the financial markets. The Company has no funds invested with the banks that the FDIC has closed. The National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund NCUSIF insures a portion of the Company s cash held at credit unions and the FDIC insures a portion of cash held by the Company at other financial institutions. Currently, the NCUSIF and FDIC generally insures amounts up to 250,000 per depositor per insured credit union or bank. As of the date of this report, depositors of the banks that have been closed by the FDIC in 2023, have not taken a loss on deposits over the insured limit. To the extent the Company has deposited funds with a credit union or banking institution, then if any of such financial institutions ultimately fail, the Company could lose the amount of deposits over the then current insurance limit. The loss of such funds could reduce the amount cash needed for short term liquidity purposes. See, Note 1 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-10 of this Report. Deterioration of market conditions could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. A number of factors that we cannot control affect the market in which we operate. These factors can have a potentially significant, negative impact on our business. These factors include, among other things: 
 interest rates and credit spreads; inflationary or deflationary economic cycles; 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 the availability of credit, including the price, terms, and conditions under which it can be obtained; loan balances relative to the value of the underlying real estate assets; default rates on special purpose mortgage loans for churches and ministries, and the amount of the related losses; the actual and perceived state of the real estate markets for church properties and special use facilities; deterioration of local, global, and national economic conditions including epidemics or pandemics that may affect the local or global economy; or unemployment rates. 
 Significant declines in the value of real estate related assets, impairment of our borrowers ability to repay their obligations, and illiquidity in the markets for real estate related assets can adversely affect our mortgage loan investments, financial condition, and income. The long-term impact of various external factors such as the COVID-19 pandemic, Russia s invasion of Ukraine, increasing inflation, and continuing disruption of the global supply chains, and the impact of such factors on our church and ministry loans, cannot be known at this time. The COVID-19 pandemic caused major disruptions in the U.S. economy and has caused churches, private schools, and ministries to make significant changes in the conduct of their operations, programs and in-person meeting schedules. In addition, Russia s invasion of Ukraine, increasing inflation, and the disruption of global supply chains are putting strain on the U.S economy and the U.S. consumer. Our business relies, to a significant degree, on the ability of our ministry borrowers to make loan payments on a timely basis. At this time, we cannot know what the long-term impact of these economic stressors on our borrowers and their donors will be. A significant disruption in giving trends resulting from these factors could have a material impact on the timing of loan payments made by our borrowers, our liquidity, loan loss reserves, and our financial condition. Declining real estate values could harm our operations. We believe the risks associated with our business are more severe during periods in which an economic slowdown or recession is accompanied by declining real estate values. Declining real estate values often reduce the level of new mortgage loan originations, since borrowers often use increases in the value of their existing properties to support the purchase of, investment in, or renovation of their worship facilities. Borrowers may also have difficulty paying principal and interest on our loans if the real estate economy weakens. Further, declining real estate values significantly increase the likelihood that we 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 will incur losses on our foreclosed assets and on our loans in case of default because the value of our collateral may be insufficient to cover our investment in such assets. Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures, or losses could adversely affect both our net interest income from loans as well as our ability to originate, sell, and securitize loans. These events would significantly harm our revenues, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and business prospects. The Company is subject to interest rate risk. Interest rate fluctuations and shifts in the yield curve may cause losses. Our primary interest rate exposures relate to our mortgage loan investments and floating rate debt obligations. Typically, our loan investments have a fixed interest rate with a five-year interest rate adjustment or maturity date. A portion of our borrowing arrangements with our note investors, however, provides for variable rates of interest that are indexed to short-term borrowing rates or fixed rates on short-term maturities. Changes in interest rates, including changes in expected interest rates or yield curves, affect our business in multiple ways. Changes in the general level of interest rates can affect our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense we incur on our interest-bearing liabilities. Changes in the level of interest rates also can affect, among other things, our ability to originate and acquire mortgages, and the market value of our mortgage investments. In the case of a significant rising interest rate environment, default by our mortgage loan obligors could increase our losses and negatively affect our liquidity and operating results. Our ability to expand the size of our loan portfolio is dependent on our ability to obtain debt financing at rates that supply a positive net spread. We have used borrowing facilities obtained from institutional lenders and relied upon offerings of debt securities in SEC registered offerings and private placement offerings to fund our mortgage loan investments. Our ability to fund future investments will be severely restricted if spreads on debt financing widen or if availability of credit facilities ceases to exist. In addition, an increase in our borrowing costs could decrease the spread we receive on our mortgage loan investments, which could adversely affect our ability to pay interest and redeem the outstanding debt securities as they mature. To mitigate our interest rate risks, we have previously and may in the future enter into interest rate hedging transactions that include, but are not limited to, interest rate caps and interest rate swaps. We cannot guarantee the results of using these types of instruments to mitigate interest rate risks, and as a result, the volatility of interest rates could result in reduced earnings or losses for us. In addition, increases in interest rates during the term of a loan may adversely affect a borrower s ability to repay a loan at maturity or to prepay a loan. Our mortgage loans 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 typically have large balloon payments due at maturity. When the loan matures and the balloon payment is due, the borrower must either pay the loan balance or refinance the loan with us or another lender. If interest rates are higher when the loan matures, the borrower s payment on new financing may be higher. The borrower may not be able to afford the higher debt service hindering their ability to refinance our loan. In addition, the borrower may not be able to refinance the loan because the value of the property has decreased. If a borrower is unable to repay our loan at maturity, we could suffer a loss and we would not be able to reinvest proceeds in assets with higher interest rates, which could adversely affect our business and profitability. Regulatory compliance failures could adversely affect our reputation, operating business, and core strategic goals. We rely on publicly offered debt securities to fund a substantial part of our operations. As a result, we are subject to U.S. securities laws, rules, and regulations publicized by the SEC and applicable state securities statutes. Our subsidiary, MP Securities, is subject to oversight from the SEC, FINRA, the Department of Insurance, California s Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, and securities regulators in the states where MP Securities conducts business. To the extent MP Securities engages in securities and insurance-related activities in a particular state, state securities and insurance administrators will have authority over the activities of our broker-dealer affiliated entity. As a registered broker-dealer and FINRA member, MP Securities must maintain registrations under the securities laws in those states in which it conducts business. The failure to follow obligations imposed by any regulatory authority binding on our subsidiaries or us or to keep any of the required licenses or permits could result in investigations, sanctions, and reputation damage. Risks Related to Our Mortgage Loan Investments Our Church mortgage loans are not as liquid as other financial instruments and therefore we may not be able to generate adequate liquidity, or we may have to take a material loss on sale if we needed to liquidate a portion or all of our loan portfolio. The market for church mortgage loans is specialized and therefore not as liquid as for a residential or commercial loan portfolio. As a result, in the event we need additional liquidity we may have difficulty in disposing of our mortgage loan portfolio quickly or at all. The amount we would realize is dependent on several factors, including the quality and yield of similar mortgage loans and the prevailing financial market and economic conditions. It is possible that we could realize substantially less than the face amount of our mortgage loans, should we be required to sell the loans or pledge them as collateral for debt. Thus, the amount we could realize for the liquidation of our mortgage loan investments is uncertain and unpredictable. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 We are subject to risks related to prepayment of mortgage loans held in our portfolio, which may negatively affect our business. Our borrowers may prepay the principal amount of their mortgage loans at any time. There is intense competition from financial institutions that are looking to make commercial loans at competitive rates to qualified borrowers. If a significant number of borrowers refinance their loans with other lenders, our profitability could be adversely affected. We are subject to the risks associated with loan participations, such as less than full control rights. We have sold participation interests in loans we have originated and service. We may need the consent of the parties to which we have sold the participation interest to exercise our rights under such loans, including rights with respect to amendment of loan documentation, enforcement proceedings in case of default, and the institution of, and control over, foreclosure proceedings. Similarly, a majority of the participants may be able to take actions to which we object but must comply with if our participation interest represents a minority interest. The lack of full control on participation interests sold may adversely affect our business. Church revenues fluctuate and may substantially decrease during times of economic hardship and global pandemics, which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. To pay their loans, churches depend on revenues from church member contributions. Donations typically fluctuate over time for multiple reasons, including, but not limited to: 
 changes in church leadership and church membership; local unemployment rates, credit conditions and real estate markets; and other local economic conditions, including epidemics or pandemics that may affect the local economy. 
 When a mortgage loan is made to a church, the senior pastor usually plays a critical role in determining whether the loan will be repaid. The senior pastor of a church ministry usually performs a critical role in the leadership, management, effectiveness of the church s governance and conflict of interest practices, and continued viability of the church. A leadership crisis faced by a church that loses its senior pastor due to death, disability, resignation, or retirement can negatively affect the church s ability to meet its debt service obligations on a mortgage loan we make. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 If we do not consistently apply sound underwriting standards the quality of our mortgage loans could degrade, which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. The quality of the mortgage loans in which we invest depends on the adequacy and implementation of sound underwriting standards as described in our Board adopted loan policy. To achieve our desired loan risk levels we must properly observe and implement our underwriting standards, which may change depending on the state of the economy. There is no assurance that our credit underwriting and loan approval procedures are or will be adequate to address the inherent risks associated with lending. Any failure to manage such risks may materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We may suffer losses on loans due to not having all the material information relating to a potential borrower at the time that we make a credit decision with respect to that potential borrower or at the time we advance funds to the borrower. There is typically no publicly available information about the churches and ministries to which we lend. Therefore, we must rely on our borrowers and the due diligence efforts of our staff to obtain the information that we consider when making our credit decisions. Our staff partially depends and relies upon the pastoral staff to supply full and correct disclosure of material information concerning their operations and financial condition. We may not have access to all the material information about a particular borrower s operations, financial condition, and prospects. In addition, a borrower s accounting records may become poorly kept or organized. The financial condition and prospects of a church may also change rapidly in the current economic environment. In such instances, we may not make a fully informed credit decision, which may lead to a failure or inability to recover our loan in its entirety. Our loan portfolio is concentrated in specialized purpose mortgage loans and may be more adversely impacted by external market forces than a portfolio that was more diversified. We are among a limited number of non-bank financial institutions specialized in supplying loans to evangelical churches and church organizations. Church and ministry mortgage loans secured by real properties generally secure our loans and the secondary market for these loans is regional and limited. Our mortgage loan agreements require that the borrower insure the property. This requirement secures the loan against liability and casualty loss. However, certain types of losses, those of a catastrophic nature such as earthquakes, floods or storms, health emergencies such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and losses due to civil disobedience, are either uninsurable or are not economically insurable. If an uninsured loss destroys a property, we could suffer loss of all or a substantial part of our mortgage loan investment. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Our loan portfolio is concentrated geographically and may be negatively impacted by downturns in markets that we operate. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has 12 and 27 of the balance of its loan portfolio located in the states of Illinois and Maryland, respectively. Economic conditions in each of these states could differ in a significant manner from the loan investments we have made in other states and the real estate values which serve as collateral in those two states will depend, to a substantial degree, on the real estate markets in those markets. We may be unable to recognize or act upon an operational or financial problem with a church in a timely fashion to prevent a loss of our loan to that church. Our borrowers may experience operational or financial problems that, if not timely addressed by us, could result in a substantial impairment or loss of the value of our loan to the borrower. We may fail to identify problems because our borrowers did not report them in a timely manner or, even if the borrower did report the problem, we may fail to address it quickly enough, or at all. We try to minimize our credit risk through prudent loan approval and monitoring practices in all categories of our lending. However, we cannot assure you that such monitoring and approval procedures will reduce these lending risks. We also cannot assure you that our credit administration personnel, policies, and procedures will properly adapt to changes in economic or any other conditions affecting our borrowers and the quality of our loan portfolio. As a result, we could suffer loan losses that could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, net income, and results of operations. Our accounting estimates and impairment assumptions may require the Company to record loan impairments that may adversely impact our operations and financial condition. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of our loans. If we decide that it is probable that we will not be able to collect all amounts due to us under the terms of a particular loan agreement, we may have to recognize an impairment charge or a loss on the loan unless the value of the collateral securing the loan exceeds the carrying value of the loan. If our assumptions regarding, among other things, the present value of expected future cash flows or the value of the collateral securing our loans are incorrect or general economic and financial conditions cause one or more borrowers to become unable to make payments under their loans, we may have to recognize impairment charges. These charges could result in a material reduction in earnings in the period in which the loans are determined to be impaired. The impairment may adversely affect, perhaps materially, our financial condition, liquidity, and ability to make debt service payments. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Our reserves for loan losses may prove inadequate, which could have a material, adverse effect on us. Although we regularly evaluate our financial reserves to protect against future losses based on the probability and severity of the losses, there is no guarantee that our assessment of this risk will be adequate to cover any future potential losses. As of December 31, 2022, our allowance for loan loss totaled 1.6 million, or 1.78 , of our total loans. Unanticipated adverse events may result in reserves that will be inadequate over time to protect against potential future losses. Examples of these adverse events are: 
 significant negative changes in the economy; events affecting specific assets; events affecting specific borrowers; mismanaged construction; loss of a senior pastor; rising interest rates; failure to sell properties or assets; epidemics or pandemics that may affect the local or global economy; or events affecting the geographical regions in which our borrowers or their properties are located. 
 Maintaining the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses may require that we make significant and unanticipated increases in our provisions for loan losses, which would materially affect our results of operations and capital levels. See the section captioned Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Report for further discussion related to our process for determining the appropriate level for the allowance for loan losses. Some of our mortgage loan investments currently are, and in the future may be, non-performing loans or may be restructured, which subject us to increased risks compared to performing loans. Some of the loans in our mortgage loan portfolio currently are, or in the future may become a non-performing loan. Such loans may become non-performing if the church falls upon financial distress, the community or congregation the church serves suffers financial hardship, or there is adverse change in leadership of the church. These circumstances could result in the borrower being unable to meet its debt service obligations to us. Non-performing loans may require our management team to devote a substantial amount of their resources to workout negotiations and restructuring efforts. These restructuring 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 efforts may involve modifications to the interest rate, extension, or deferral of payments to be made under the loan or other concessions. For restructured loans, a risk still exists that the borrower may not be able or willing to continue the restructured payments or refinance the restructured mortgage at maturity. Our troubled assets could increase significantly if borrowers become delinquent and we are unsuccessful in managing our non-performing assets. This in turn could have a material, unfavorable effect on our results of operations and financial condition. As of December 31, 2022, 6.23 million, or 6.3 , of our total assets, were deemed to be non-performing, as compared to 10.0 million, or 7.8 , of our total assets at December 31, 2021 In the event a borrower defaults on one of our mortgage loan investments, we may need to recover our investment through the sale of the property securing the loan, which may result in credit losses. In that event, the value of the real property security may prove insufficient to recover the amount of our investment. Even though we may obtain an appraisal of the property at the time we originate the loan, the property s value could decline because of subsequent events, including: 
 uninsured casualty loss (such as an earthquake or flood); a decline in the local real estate market; undiscovered defects on the property; waste or neglect of the property; a downturn in demographic and residential trends; epidemics or pandemics that may affect the local or global economy; environmental hazards; a decline in growth in the area in which the property is located; and churches and church-related properties are typically not as marketable as more common commercial, retail, or residential properties. 
 The occurrence of any of these events could severely impair the market value of the security for our mortgage loan investments. In case of a default under a mortgage loan held directly by us, we will bear the risk of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal and accrued interest of the mortgage loan. Foreclosure of a church mortgage can be an expensive and lengthy process, which could have a significant effect on our expected return on the foreclosed mortgage loan. Such delays can cause the value of the mortgaged property to deteriorate further. The properties also incur operating expenses pending their sale, including property insurance, 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 management fees, security, repairs, and maintenance. Any added expenses incurred could adversely affect our ability to recover the full value of our collateral. From time to time, we have recorded additional provisions for losses related to real estate assets acquired after we carry out loan foreclosure proceedings. If we take ownership of a property as part of a foreclosure action, we could be required to write down the value of the property if the value of the property declines after we take title to the property. Further deterioration could lead to an increase in non-performing assets and reduced earnings. Risks of cost overruns and non-completion of the construction or renovation of the mortgage properties securing construction loans we invest in may have a material and adverse effect on our investment. The renovations, refurbishment, or expansion by a borrower of a mortgage property involves risks of cost overruns and non-completion. Costs of construction or improvements to bring a mortgage property up to standards established for the market position intended for that property might exceed original estimates, possibly making a project uneconomical. Such delays and cost overruns are often the result of events outside both our and the borrower s control such as material shortages, labor shortages, labor strikes, pandemics, and unexpected delays caused by weather and other acts of nature. In addition, environmental risks and construction defects may cause cost overruns, and completion delays. If the borrower does not complete such construction or renovation in a timely manner, or if it costs more than expected, the borrower may experience a prolonged impairment of the borrower s revenues impacting their ability to make their payments on our loan. We are exposed to environmental liabilities with respect to properties to which we take title, which could have an adverse impact on our operations and financial condition. In the course of our business, we may take title to real estate through foreclosure on one of our mortgage loan investments or otherwise. If we do take title to a property, we could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. In such a circumstance, we may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, and investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination. In addition, we may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances, or chemical releases, at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. If we ever become subject to significant environmental liabilities, our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to Our Investor Notes Unexpected large withdrawals by investors that hold our debt securities can reduce our overall liquidity. We continue to expand our methods of raising funds, including selling participations in our mortgage loan investments, expanding the sales of our debt securities, and maintaining lines of credit at financial institutions. If this strategy becomes less effective, we will need to find alternative sources of borrowing to finance our operations. Alternative solutions may be selling assets, deleveraging our balance sheet, and reducing operational expenses. We may face potential claims from certain holders of our 2021 Class A Notes requesting a rescission of their investment made in our Notes. Under Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), when a prospectus is used more than nine months after the effective date of the registration statement, audited financial statements included in the prospectus must be as of a date not more than sixteen months prior to such use. When the Company filed its Registration Statement on Form S-1, which was declared effective on January 8, 2021, and subsequently filed Supplements to its Prospectus with the SEC, it included language in its Prospectus which was intended to serve as an election made to incorporate future filings of its audited and unaudited financial statements filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q as part of its Prospectus. If the Company failed to make a proper election and include necessary language permitting it to use forward incorporation by reference of subsequently filed Exchange Act reports, certain investors that purchased our 2021 Class A Notes during the period commencing on October 9, 2021 and ending on the date the Company filed a post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement may have a claim for rescission of their investment under Section 5 of the Securities Act based upon a claim that the Prospectus failed to include updated financial statements. The Company believes that the potential liability for such recission claims is 26.9 million. To the extent that rescission claims arising in connection with the sale of our 2021 Class A Notes during the period commencing October 9, 2021, and ending on the date the Company filed a post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement are initiated and judgments entered, the Company s liquidity, balance sheet, and statement of cash flows could be materially impacted. In that event, the Company would be required to use its available cash, borrowing capacities, or raise funds from the sale of participation interests and its mortgage loan assets to satisfy these claims. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 We depend on repeat purchases by a significant number of investors in our debt securities to finance our business. A significant percentage of the investors who buy our debt securities roll their matured debt security into a new one. Historically, we have been able to sustain a high rate of renewal investments. If the rate of repeat investments declines, our ability to maintain or grow our asset base could be impaired. The table below shows the renewal rates of our maturing debt securities over the prior three years: 

2022 63 2021 55 2020 60 Some of our investors may be unable to purchase our public offered debt securities due to FINRA s investor suitability rule. When handling sales of our investor debt securities, we must comply with FINRA s know your customer and suitability rule. Some investors may not qualify under suitability criteria we have established for investors. These suitability eligibility standards help ensure that investors make appropriate investments given the age, investment experience, net worth, need for liquidity; and the mix of the investor s portfolio. If MP Securities is unable to offer a potential investor a Class A Certificate that will enable such investor to meet the applicable suitability standards, we will need to find other qualified investors to implement our strategic objectives. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Corporate Offices As of December 31, 2022, the Company conducts most of its operations from its main corporate office at 915 West Imperial Highway, Suite 120, Brea, California. In addition, the Company has one primary branch office located in Fresno, California. The Brea corporate office and Fresno branch locations have operating leases. Ministry Partners Securities, LLC also keeps networking agreement office locations in Glendora, California, Elgin, Illinois, and Nampa, Idaho. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Given the nature of our investments made in mortgage loans, we may from time to time have an interest in, or be involved in, litigation arising out of our loan portfolio. We consider litigation related to our loan portfolio to be routine to the conduct of our business. As of December 31, 2022, we are not involved in any litigation matters that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED MEMBER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Price Range of Common Units There is no public market for our Class A Units and Series A Preferred Units. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 146,522 Class A Units were issued, with 11 holders of record, and a total of 117,100 Series A Preferred Units were issued, with 11 holders of record. Sale of Equity Securities by Issuer None. Purchases of Equity Securities by Issuer None. Dividends and Distributions The Series A Preferred Unit holders are entitled to receive two types of dividend distributions. First, they are entitled to receive a quarterly cash dividend at the rate of one-year LIBOR plus 25 basis points (the Series A Dividend ). Payment of the Series A Dividend will have priority over all other distributions to equity owners. In addition, the Company must pay any accrued and undistributed Series A Dividend before we can distribute other dividends. Our Series A Preferred Unit holders are also entitled to receive 10 of our net profits after subtracting the amount of quarterly Series A Dividends paid earned for any fiscal year. This payment will be made to holders of the Series A Preferred Units on a pro rata basis. We accrued 13 thousand and 178 thousand in net profits to distribute to our Series A Preferred Units holders for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This increased the amount of distributions declared on our Series A Preferred Units for the fourth quarters of 2022 and 2021 by 0.018 per unit and 1.521 per unit, respectively. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 The remaining balance of any profits will be allocated to all holders of our Class A Units based on their ownership percentage. For 2022, we made no distributions to the holders of our Class A Units. During December 31, 2022 and 2021, we declared distributions on our Series A Preferred Units as follows: SERIES A UNITS 

Distributions Declared per Unit Quarter 2022 2021 First 0.580 0.131 Second 0.965 0.124 Third 1.268 0.123 Fourth 1.463 1.731 Total distributions per unit 4.276 2.109 In the event of a loss, our operating agreement provides that losses will be allocated first to the holders of common units and then to the Series A Preferred Units holders until their respective capital accounts have been reduced to zero. If the capital accounts of the members cannot offset the entire loss, the balance will be allocated, pro rata, to the holders of common units in proportion to their respective ownership interest in our common equity units. Equity Compensation Plans None. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Regulation S-K issued by the SEC. As a result, we are not supplying the information contained in this item per Regulation S-K. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion on our financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in this Report beginning at page F-1. OVERVIEW We generate our revenue primarily through our church lending portfolio and secondarily through fees generated from our investment and insurance products and services. While we generate most of our revenue through interest income, our strategic aim is to diversify our revenue sources so that non-interest income becomes a larger percentage of total income. While seeking to grow our non-interest income, we also strive to grow our loan portfolio to increase total income for the Company. While we expect to generate most of our future growth through church lending, we intend to diversify our lending to mitigate concentration risk. Producing revenue from multiple sources as well as growing total income may reduce the risk to the Company if we experience adverse economic or market conditions. We also strive to improve operating efficiency by increasing the revenue generated for each dollar of expense incurred to run the business, which helps us improve our capital position. Increased capital helps mitigate risk in economic down cycles. In addition, we reduce risk to our lending revenue by improving the quality of our loan portfolio, assessing the financial strength of our borrowers, and collaborating with borrowers to restructure, refinance, and/or liquidate these investments when necessary. To continue to achieve our goals, protect the investment made by our note holders, and maximize the value of our equity holders investment, we will focus on: 
 maintaining adequate liquidity levels; expanding the sale of our investor debt securities; growing our balance sheet by originating profitable new loans; growing our non-interest income from our broker-dealer services and loan servicing and products; investing in technology to enhance our customer experience while creating operating efficiencies; outsource certain operations to allow for scalable growth and provide an enhanced customer experience; 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 growing our client base; expanding our broker-dealer sales staff; serving the needs of credit union and CUSO clients through revenue producing strategic partnerships; finding new strategic partnership opportunities with like-minded organizations that can help grow our client base and generate revenue; managing the size and cost structure of our business to match our operating environment and capital funding efforts; strengthening our capital through growth in earnings; and strengthening our loan portfolio through aggressive and proactive efforts to resolve problems in our non-performing assets; 
 COVID-19 and inflation s impact on the Company s Business In 2022, the effects of the worldwide pandemic continued to lessen in severity and indicators of economic activity have continued to strengthen as jobs, consumer spending, manufacturing, and other indicators rebound from their weakest levels. However, rising prices have become a concern and as a result, the Federal Reserve Board FRB raised the fed funds target rate up from 0.00 - 0.25 at the beginning of the year to 4.25 - 4.50 as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, the FRB s median projection of the fed funds rate at the end of 2023 is 5.1 , indicating the committee expects to continue to increase rates as they attempt to curtail inflation. Due to these factors, we believe that economic uncertainty remains high and could negatively impact our borrowers and financial results. Summary of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that influence amounts reported in the financial statements. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses generated during the reporting period. Various elements of our accounting policies are inherently subject to estimation techniques, valuation assumptions, and other subjective assessments. Management has identified certain accounting policies that rely on judgments, estimates, and assumptions and are critical to an understanding of our financial statements. These policies govern such areas as the allowance for credit losses and the fair value of financial instruments and foreclosed assets. Management believes the judgments, estimates, and assumptions used in the accounting policies governing these areas are appropriate based on 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 the factual circumstances at the time they were made. However, given the sensitivity of the financial statements to these critical accounting policies, changes in management s judgments, estimates, and assumptions could result in material differences in our results of operations or financial condition. Further, subsequent changes in economic or market conditions could have a significant impact on these estimates as well as on our financial condition and operating results in future periods. The determination of the allowance for loan losses involves critical estimates made in accordance with GAAP. Further on in Management s Discussion and Analysis, we provide additional details regarding the factors involved in determining the allowance, the nature of the uncertainty involved in the calculation, and the impact of the allowance on the Company s financial position and results of operations. Financial Performance Summary for the Two-Year Period ended December 31, 2022: (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Broker-dealer commissions and fees 838 878 Gain on debt extinguishment 2,537 2,398 Total income 9,427 10,641 Provision (credit) for loan losses (296) 122 Total non-interest expenses 5,707 4,921 Net income 627 1,850 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 9,564 28,149 Certificates of deposit 1,250 Loans receivable, net of allowance for loan losses of 1,551 and 1,638 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 85,076 97,243 Total assets 99,363 127,965 Lines of credit 3,000 2,000 Term-debt 32,749 Notes payable, net of debt issuance costs 79,100 76,732 Total equity 14,626 14,511 Summary of Financial Performance For the year ended December 31, 2022, we earned net income of 627 thousand. While net income decreased by 1.2 million over the prior year, owners equity increased by 115 thousand, resulting in the highest total amount of members equity in the Company s history. The main driver of the net income in 2022, as well as in 2021, was a 2.5 million gain on debt extinguishment realized by using cash to pay down our remaining term debt at a discount. With the term-debt fully paid off we do not expect to receive revenue from debt extinguishment in the future. Non-interest expense increased by 786 thousand as salaries and benefits increased by 726 thousand due to a one-time Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP expense of 600 thousand. For more information on the SERP, please see Note 15, 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Retirement Plans in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Conversely, net interest income after provision for loan loss decreased by 429 thousand due to a reduction in the size of our loan portfolio. Management evaluated the opportunity to retire our term debt facility at a discount and determined that the gains resulting from the payoff would be more beneficial than holding the cash used to make the pay down. By making those payments on our own term debt facility, the Company recognized 7.3 million in gains from debt extinguishment over the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. Cash used to make those payments was derived primarily from reducing our loan portfolio through loan participations sold as well as proceeds received from the early payoff of some of our loans when borrowers refinanced a loan with another lender. By making those payments on our term debt facility using cash investments, the Company has a smaller loan portfolio that will produce less net interest income going forward. With this strategy completed, in 2023 and going forward, the Company plans to increase our loan portfolio. Progress on Strategic Objectives In 2022, we continued making progress towards our strategic objectives of diversifying our revenue streams, improving the quality of our loan portfolio, strengthening capital, and improving customer experience. The following discussion focuses on each of these strategic objectives. Diversified revenue streams The Company s management team believes that it will be able to use its capabilities in lending, servicing, and providing investment advisory services to supplement its net interest income with fee income. Our primary sources of recurring non-interest income are: 
 Revenue from our broker-dealer, investment advisory, and insurance product sales: While revenue from this source decreased slightly by 40 thousand in 2022, the Company continues to develop new networking agreements and is building infrastructure it believes will help grow this business. Loan participation sales: We sold 3.7 million in 2022 as compared to 14.1 million in loan participation interests during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in loan participation sales was due to the Company not needing to generate liquidity due to the high liquidity levels during the year. For 2023, we do not expect to sell participation loans other than for risk mitigation purposes, as our focus is on increasing our on-book loan portfolio. Loan servicing fee income: Our loan portfolio generated 153 thousand in servicing income in 2022 as compared to 189 thousand in 2021. We do not expect loan servicing income to be a material revenue source for the Company in the future due to the focus on growing our on-book portfolio. 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 Loan portfolio quality Historically, when the Company has reported a net loss for the year, the primary reason for the loss has been due to losses on our loan investments or from reserves taken on our allowance for loan losses. In subsequent years, the Company has benefited from recoveries when the loans paid off, the Company disposed of the collateral properties, or when the Company sold the promissory notes or loans. Therefore, the resolution of non-performing loans or assets may contribute either positively or negatively to the Company s financial results. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold a REO property which resulted in a gain on sale of 44 thousand. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any gains or losses related to nonperforming assets or loans sold. We continue to carefully watch our loan portfolio and work with borrowers to minimize losses on our mortgage loan investments. The Company can often find a solution for borrowers who are in distress, but who are willing and able to work out a compatible solution. During the year ended 2022 our classified loans decreased by 3.8 million during the year to 5.9 million at December 31, 2022. This decrease is primarily due to a 3.7 million loan that we restructured in 2021 and was returned to performing status during the year ended December 31, 2022. As part of our strategic decision to reposition our loan portfolio, we have continued to focus on originating lower principal balance loans made to borrowers where we can achieve yields that are more favorable. This allows us to avoid deteriorating our margins while reducing overall risk exposure to any one borrower. However, we also have originated larger loans when we are able to find participants to buy a participation interest in the loan. Servicing loan participations sold generates servicing fee income while allowing us to reduce our risk exposure on the loan. We believe we have found a good mix in loan size that allows us to take advantage of quality lending opportunities. Our average net loan balance (recorded balance) was 719 thousand on December 31, 2022. We believe the relationships we have formed with credit unions throughout the United States will enable us to sell loan participation interests as necessary to mitigate risk by selling larger loans. Strengthening Capital For 2022, our strategy shifted from maintaining our balance sheet size to strengthening capital through the gains on the discounted term debt payoff. With debt retirement completed in 2022, our strategy going forward will be to grow our balance sheet and our loan portfolio to increase our total revenue. We intend to rely on the sale of our investor notes to fund the growth of our on-book loan portfolio. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Improving Customer Experience In 2022, the Company planned to increase our investment in personnel, technology, and infrastructure to continue to expand our products and services and well as improve our customer s digital experience. During the year we made some progress on those objectives by investing in new technology and personnel. In 2023, we expect to make additional investments in those areas, as well as improve our operating efficiency by outsourcing a component of our loan servicing while growing our balance sheet. We believe these activities will give us a more efficient operation going forward while. More importantly, we believe this will create a better customer experience. Financial Condition The following discussion compares the results of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Comparison of Financial Condition as of December 31,: 

Comparison 2022 2021 Difference Difference (dollars in thousands) Assets: Cash 9,504 28,080 (18,576) (66 Restricted cash 60 69 (9) (13 Certificates of deposit 1,250 1,250 Loans receivable, net of allowance for loan losses of 1,551 and 1,638 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 85,076 97,243 (12,167) (13 Accrued interest receivable 477 507 (30) (6 Investments in joint venture 870 882 (12) Other investments 1,018 1,018 100 Property and equipment, net 140 172 (32) (19 Foreclosed assets, net 301 301 Servicing assets 123 170 (47) (28 Other assets 544 541 3 1 Total assets 99,363 127,965 (28,602) (22 Liabilities and members equity Liabilities: Lines of credit 3,000 2,000 1,000 Term-debt 32,749 (32,749) (100 Other secured borrowings 7 17 (10) Notes payable, net of debt issuance costs of 58 and 88 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 79,100 76,732 2,368 3 Accrued interest payable 281 252 29 12 Other liabilities 2,349 1,704 645 38 Total liabilities 84,737 113,454 (28,717) (25 Members Equity: Series A preferred units 11,715 11,715 Class A common units 1,509 1,509 Accumulated earnings 1,402 1,287 115 9 Total members equity 14,626 14,511 115 1 Total liabilities and members equity 99,363 127,965 (28,602) (22 General Total assets decreased by 22 due to the paydown of the term-debt described earlier. Loans receivable decreased 13 due to receiving 15.9 million in principal collections on loans receivable. We used the funds received from the loans receivable as well as our cash to payoff our term-debt. Loan Portfolio Our loan portfolio provides the majority of our revenue; however, it also presents the most risk to future earnings through both interest rate risk and credit risk. Additional information regarding risk to our loans is included in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Our portfolio consists mostly of loans made to evangelical churches and ministries with approximately 99.4 real estate secured loans. The loans in our portfolio carried a weighted average interest rate of 6.46 as of December 31, 2022 and 6.21 as of December 31, 2021. Loan Types 

Year Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Amount of Portfolio Amount of Portfolio Loans to evangelical churches and related organizations: Real estate secured 84,718 97.3 97,708 98.3 Construction 160 0.2 1,150 1.2 Other secured 225 0.3 425 0.4 Unsecured 99 0.1 122 0.1 Total loans to evangelical churches and related organizations 85,202 97.9 99,405 100.0 Loans for other commercial purposes: Real estate secured 1,035 1.2 Construction 805 0.9 Total loans for other commercial purposes 1,840 2.1 Total loans 87,042 100.0 99,405 100.0 Maturities and Sensitivities of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates 

Dollar Amount of Loans Receivable Maturing (in thousands) As of Due 1 Yr or Less Due 1yr to 5 Yrs Due After 5 Yrs Total December 31, 2022 6,162 61,203 19,677 87,042 Included in the table above are 63 adjustable-rate loans totaling 45.2 million in gross loans receivable, or 52 of the total balance. Adjustable-rate loans reduce the interest rate risk compared to fixed rate loans with similar cash flow characteristics. Non-performing Assets Non-performing assets include: 
 non-accrual loans; loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing; restructured loans, except for loans changed in a troubled debt restructuring that were subsequently classified as performing due to the borrowers demonstrated ability to perform on the restructured terms (typically a minimum of six months); and foreclosed assets. 
 Non-accrual loans are loans on which we have stopped accruing interest. Restructured loans are loans in which we have granted the borrower a concession on the interest rate or 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 the original repayment terms due to financial distress. Foreclosed assets are real properties for which we have taken title and possession upon the completion of foreclosure proceedings. We closely watch these non-performing assets on an ongoing basis. Management evaluates the potential risk of loss on these loans and foreclosed assets by comparing the book balance to the fair value of any underlying collateral or the present value of projected future cash flows, as applicable. From time to time, we determine that certain non-accrual loans are collateral-dependent. We consider a loan to be collateral-dependent, when we believe the repayment of principal will involve the sale or operation of the loan collateral. For these loans, we record any interest payment we receive in one of two methods. If the Company believes that the recorded investment of the loan is fully collectable, we will recognize income on the interest payment received on a cash basis. If we believe that the recorded investment is not fully collectable, we will record any interest payment we receive towards reduction of the principal balance of the loan. For non-collateral-dependent loans that are on non-accrual status, we generally recognize income on a cash basis, although may record interest payments against principal in certain situations. We have seven performing restructured loans on accrual status as of December 31, 2022. The Company restructured four loans during the year ended December 31, 2022, but all made payments according to the terms of the restructure and were deemed performing as of the end of the year. All of the loans that were considered non-performing as of December 31, 2022 had already been classified as non-performing at December 31, 2021. There were no new loans that the Company classified as non-performing during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents our non-performing assets: 

Non-performing Assets in thousands) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Non-Performing Loans: 1 Collateral-Dependent: Delinquencies over 90-Days 2 1,378 503 Troubled Debt Restructurings 4,555 8,295 Other Impaired Loans 890 Total Collateral-Dependent Loans 5,933 9,688 Non-Collateral-Dependent: Delinquencies over 90-Days Other Impaired loans Troubled Debt Restructurings Total Non-Collateral-Dependent Loans Loans 90 Days past due and still accruing Total Non-Performing Loans 5,933 9,688 Foreclosed Assets 3 301 301 Total Non-performing Assets 6,234 9,989 

 1 These loans are presented at the balance of unpaid principal less interest payments recorded against principal. 2 Includes 503 thousand of restructured loans that were over 90 days delinquent as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 3 Foreclosed assets are presented net of valuation allowance. Allowance for Loan Losses We keep an allowance for loan losses that we consider adequate to cover both the inherent risk of loss associated with the loan portfolio as well as the risk associated with specific loans. General reserves are allowances taken to address the inherent risk of loss in the loan portfolio. We analyze several factors to figure out the amount of general reserve. We weigh these factors based on the level of risk and loss potential. These factors include, among others: 
 changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and collection; changes in national, regional, and local economic and industry conditions, including pandemics, that affect the collectability of the portfolio; changes in the volume and severity of past due loans, the volume of non-accrual loans, and the volume and severity of adversely classified loans; changes in the value of the collateral; the effect of credit concentrations; and 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 the rate of defaults on loans modified as troubled debt restructurings within the previous twelve months. 
 In addition, we include added general reserves if the loan is a junior lien or unsecured loan. We segregate our loans into pools based on risk rating to increase the accuracy when deciding the factors potential impact on our portfolio. We weigh the risk factors based upon the quality of the loans in the class. In general, we give risk factors a higher weight for lower quality loans, which increases the general reserves on these loans. We evaluate these factors on a quarterly basis to ensure that we have addressed the inherent risks of our loans. We also examine our entire loan portfolio regularly to find individual loans that we believe have a greater risk of loss than decided by the general reserves. These are found by examining current and historic delinquency reports, checking collateral value, and performing a periodic review of borrower financial statements. For loans that are collateral-dependent, management first figures out the amount of the loan investment at risk. We figure out the loan investment at risk by calculating the difference between the unpaid principal balance less any discounts and the collateral value less any estimated selling costs. We then reserve for the total amount of the loan investment at risk. For impaired loans that are not collateral-dependent, we will record an impairment based on the present value of expected future cash flows. At a minimum, we review loans that carry a specific reserve quarterly. However, we will adjust our reserves more often if we receive additional information regarding the loan s status or its underlying collateral. Finally, for non-collateral-dependent trouble debt restructurings we use a net present value method for the allowance calculation. We figure out these reserves by calculating the net present value of payment streams we expect to receive from a restructured loan compared to what we would have received from the loan according to its original terms. We then discount these expected cash flows at the original interest rate on the loan. Management records these reserves at the time of the restructuring. We report the change in the present value of cash flows attributable to the passage of time as interest income. The process of establishing an adequate allowance for loan losses involves judgement on the part of management. Our aim is to keep the allowance at a level that compensates for losses that may arise from unknown conditions. However, the allowance is a critical accounting estimate that is based on several of management s assumptions and as a result, realized losses may differ from current estimates made by management. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 The following chart details our allowance for loan losses: 

Allowance for Loan Losses as of and for the Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 2021 in thousands) Balances: Average total loans outstanding during period 90,477 100,032 Total loans outstanding at end of the period 87,042 99,405 Allowance for loan losses: Balance at the beginning of period 1,638 1,516 Provision (credit) charged to expense (296) 122 Charge-offs Wholly-Owned First Wholly-Owned Junior Participation First Participation Junior Total Recoveries Wholly-Owned First 209 Wholly-Owned Junior Participation First Participation Junior Total 209 Net loan charge-offs 209 Accretion of allowance related to restructured loans Balance 1,551 1,638 Ratios: Net loan recoveries to average total loans (0.23) Provision (credit) for loan losses to average total loans (0.33) 0.12 Allowance for loan losses to total loans at the end of the period 1.78 1.65 Allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans 26.14 16.91 Net loan recoveries to credit for allowance for loan losses at the end of the period 0.71 Net loan recoveries to credit for loan losses 70.61 The following table shows the Company s allocation of allowance for loan losses by loan categories as of December 31, 2022. 

Percent of loans in each category Loan Categories Amount to total loans Commercial loans: Wholly-Owned First 1,377 95 Wholly-Owned Junior 163 4 Participation First 13 1 Participation Junior Total 1,553 100 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Investor Notes Payable Our investor notes payable investor notes are debt securities sold under both publicly registered and private placement security offerings. Over the last several years, we have expanded the number of investors in our debt securities, and we have broadened the type of investors we serve by building relationships with other faith-based organizations which has allowed us to offer our investor notes to these organizations and their clients. Concurrently, MP Securities and its staff of financial advisors have increased our customer base through marketing efforts made to individual investors. Our net investor notes payable increased by 2.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The balance sheet presents our investor notes net of debt issuance costs. Debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2022 totaled 58 thousand. The balances of our outstanding investor notes are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

As of As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 SEC Registered Public Offerings Offering Type Amount Weighted Average Interest Rate Amount Weighted Average Interest Rate Class 1 Offering Unsecured 3,654 4.45 Class 1A Offering Unsecured 20,698 4.27 27,116 4.11 2021 Class A Offering Unsecured 45,935 4.04 34,524 3.20 Public Offering Total 66,633 4.11 65,294 3.65 Private Offerings Subordinated Notes Unsecured 12,525 4.56 11,526 4.47 Secured Notes Secured Private Offering Total 12,525 4.56 11,526 4.47 Total Notes Payable 79,158 4.19 76,820 3.77 Notes Payable Totals by Security Unsecured Total Unsecured 79,158 4.19 76,820 3.77 Secured Total Secured Members Equity During the year ended December 31, 2022, total members equity increased by 115 thousand attributable to net income of 627 thousand earned by the Company and offset by dividend distributions of 512 thousand. We did not repurchase or sell any membership equity units during the year ended December 31, 2022. Liquidity and Capital Resources Holding adequate liquidity requires that sufficient resources be always available to meet our cash flow needs. We use cash to obtain new mortgage loans, make interest payments to 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 our note investors, make payments on our credit facilities, and pay general operating expenses. Our primary sources of liquidity are: 
 cash; lines of credit; sales of investor notes; payments of principal and interest on loans; net income from operations; and loan sales. 
 Our management team regularly prepares cash flow forecasts that we rely upon to ensure that we have sufficient liquidity to conduct our business. While we believe that these expected cash inflows and outflows are reasonable, we can give no assurances that our forecasts or assumptions will prove to be correct. Management believes that we hold adequate sources of liquidity to meet our liquidity needs and have the means to generate more liquidity if necessary. While our liquidity sources that include cash, lines of credit, and net cash from operations are generally available on an immediate basis, our ability to sell mortgage loan assets and raise additional debt or equity capital is less certain and less immediate. Material liquidity events that would adversely affect our business include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 we become unable to continue offering our investor notes in public and private offerings for any reason; we incur sudden withdrawals by multiple investors in our investor notes; a substantial portion of our investor notes that mature during the next twelve months is not renewed; or we are unable to obtain capital from sales of our mortgage loan assets or other sources. 
 Withdrawal requests made by holders of high dollar notes can also adversely affect our liquidity. We believe that our available cash, operating lines of credit, cash flow from operations, net interest income, and other fee income will be sufficient to meet our cash needs. Should our liquidity needs exceed our available sources of liquidity, we believe we could sell a part of our mortgage loan investments at par as well as sell investor notes to 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 raise more cash. However, we also must keep adequate collateral, consisting of loans receivable and cash, to secure our lines of credit and any secured notes. We have reduced this risk in the last three years due to the term-debt paydowns described in this Report. The Company now has more loans available to sell that are not encumbered by being pledged as collateral on the borrowing facilities. Our Board of Managers approves our liquidity policy. The policy sets a minimum liquidity ratio and has a contingency protocol if our liquidity falls below the minimum. Our liquidity ratio was 11 at December 31, 2022, which is above the minimum set by our policy. Growing Liquidity Sources In response to the economic uncertainty created from the COVID-19 pandemic, management began to generate liquidity by selling participation interests in its loans receivable during 2020 and throughout 2021. In 2022, the Company moderated this strategy based on its current and expected near term liquidity needs. During the period ended December 31, 2022, we generated 3.7 million in cash from the sale of loan participation interests. When we sell a loan participation interest, this strategy will allow the Company to fund loans that are larger than the amount management prefers to keep on our balance sheet. We limit the size of loans we hold on the balance sheet to limit the risk in event the loan becomes non-performing. An additional liquidity tool we use in conjunction with our loan participation sales is a 5.0 million warehouse line of credit KCT LOC with Kane County Teachers Credit Union KCT ). We must repay each advance within one hundred twenty (120) days after receiving the funds. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding balance on the KCT LOC. The Company also has two other revolving lines of credit. The Company has a revolving 5.0 million short-term demand credit facility ACCU LOC with America s Christian Credit Union. The ACCU LOC has a one-year term with a maturity date of September 23, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we had an outstanding balance of 3.0 million on this facility. The Company does not have any restrictions on how the funds may be used for this facility. We also have a 5.0 million short-term demand credit facility with KCT. The Company can use this operating line as needed and it has a one-year term with a maturity date of June 6, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding balance on this operating line of credit. Debt Securities The sale of our debt securities contributes significantly to funding our mortgage loan investments. Through sales of our publicly offered debt securities and privately placed investor notes, we expect to fund new loans. We also use the cash we receive from our debt securities sales to fund general operating activities. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022, our investor debt securities had future maturities during the following twelve-month periods ending December 31, (dollars in thousands): 

2023 23,682 2024 17,574 2025 15,211 2026 13,990 2027 8,701 79,158 Debt Issuance Costs 58 Notes payable, net of debt issuance costs 79,100 Historically, we have been successful in generating reinvestments by our debt security holders when the notes they hold mature. The table below shows the renewal rates of our maturing notes over the last three years. 2022 63 2021 55 2020 60 During the years ended December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2022, we worked with our investors to reduce larger investor notes that were maturing to reduce the concentration risk of any one investor not renewing a note. We were able to replace these notes with funds from a larger number of investors. This intentional reduction of concentration risk reduced the renewal rates in 2021 and 2022. However, as discussed, our investor debt securities increased by 2.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Credit Facilities and Other Borrowings The table below is a summary of the Company s 3 million in outstanding debt payable as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): Nature of Borrowing Interest Rate Interest Rate Type Amount Outstanding Monthly Payment Maturity Date Loan Collateral Pledged Cash Pledged KCT Warehouse LOC 5.250 Variable 6/6/2023 6,160 KCT Operating LOC 5.250 Variable 6/6/2023 4,835 ACCU LOC 4.000 Variable 3,000 9/23/2023 6,823 ACCU Secured Various Fixed 7 Various 7 On November 4, 2022, the Company used a portion of its liquidity sources to make a final payment of 5.4 million to payoff our term loan credit facility. The ACCU secured borrowing is a loan participation sold with recourse that is classified as a secured borrowing. Debt Covenants Under our line of credit agreements and our investor note documents, we are bound to follow certain affirmative and negative covenants. Failure to follow our covenants could 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 require all interest and principal to become due. As of December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with the covenants on our notes payable and lines of credit. 
 For more information regarding our investor notes payable, refer to Note 11. Investor Notes Payable of Part II, Item 8. of this Report. For more information on our credit facilities, refer to Note 10. Credit Facilities , to Part II, Item 8. of this Report. 

 51 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations: For the year ended December 31, 2022 Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin Historically, our earnings have primarily depended upon our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between the interest income we receive from our loans and cash on deposit interest-earning assets and the interest paid on our debt securities and term debt. Net interest margin is net interest income expressed as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets. The following table provides information, for average outstanding balances for each major category of interest earnings assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the interest income or interest expense, and the average yield or rate for the periods indicated: 

Average Balances and Rates/Yields For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Assets: Interest-earning accounts with other financial institutions 15,312 129 0.84 19,795 43 0.22 Interest-earning loans [1][2] 83,524 5,706 6.83 101,476 6,998 6.90 Total interest-earning assets 98,836 5,835 5.90 121,271 7,041 5.81 Non-interest-earning assets 7,817 8,231 Total Assets 106,653 5,835 5.47 129,502 7,041 5.44 Liabilities: Notes payable gross of debt issuance costs 76,111 2,882 3.79 73,897 2,657 3.60 Other debt 13,655 387 2.83 39,149 1,007 2.52 Total interest-bearing liabilities 89,766 3,269 3.64 113,046 3,664 3.24 Debt issuance cost 100 64 Total interest-bearing liabilities net of debt issuance cost 89,766 3,369 3.75 113,046 3,728 3.30 Net interest income 2,466 3,313 Net interest margin 2.50 2.73 

 [1] Loans are net of deferred fees and before the allowance for loan losses. Non-accrual loans are considered non-interest earning assets for this analysis. [2] Interest income on loans includes deferred fee amortization of 127 thousand and 231 thousand for the years ended years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Rate/Volume Analysis of Net Interest Income Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 Increase (Decrease) Due to Change in: Volume Rate Total (Dollars in Thousands) Increase (Decrease) in Interest Income: Interest-earning accounts with other financial institutions (11) 97 86 Interest-earning loans (1,222) (70) (1,292) Total interest-earning assets (1,233) 27 (1,206) Increase (Decrease) in Interest Expense: Notes payable gross of debt issuance costs 180 45 225 Other debt (729) 109 (620) Debt issuance cost 36 36 Total interest-bearing liabilities (549) 190 (359) Change in net interest income (684) (163) (847) Net interest income decreased 26 during the year ended December 31, 2022. This decrease in net interest income was primarily due to the lower average balance on interest-earning loans. Lower interest expense on debt partially offset the decrease in earnings on total interest-earning assets. The decrease in interest income was due to a volume variance on interest-earning loans. The volume variance was due to the lower average loan balances as the Company received loan principal payments as described previously in this Report. The weighted average yield on the loan portfolio decreased 7 basis points from 6.90 to 6.83 during the year ended December 31, 2022. Total interest expense offset the decrease in interest income by 359 thousand. 729 thousand of this decrease in interest expense was due to a decrease in average balance on term-debt as described previously in this Report. This was offset by an increase of 190 thousand due to a rate variance. The rate variance was due to higher offering rates on new note sales as US Treasury rates increased during the year. The Company s net interest margin decreased due to the changes described above. The Company intends to grow its loan portfolio in 2023 and beyond in order to increase net interest income. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Provision and non-interest income and expense 

Twelve months ended December 31, Comparison (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Net interest income 2,466 3,313 (847) (26 Provision (credit) for loan losses (296) 122 (418) (343 Net interest income after provision (credit) for loan losses 2,762 3,191 (429) (13 Total non-interest income 3,592 3,600 (8) (0 Total non-interest expenses 5,707 4,921 786 16 Income before provision for income taxes 647 1,870 (1,223) (65 Provision for income taxes and state LLC fees 20 20 Net income 627 1,850 (1,223) (66 Provision In 2022, the Company recorded a credit to provision for loan losses due to lower average loan balances and recovery on a non-performing loan. Non-interest income Non-interest income was mostly unchanged in 2022 compared to 2021. The Company recorded a 2.5 million and a 2.4 million gain on debt extinguishment for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. With our term-loan fully paid off we do not expect to receive revenue from this source going forward. Therefore, we intend to grow our loan portfolio to increase our net interest income in 2023. Non-interest expenses The increase in non-interest expenses was due primarily to a one-time SERP expense of 600 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021. For more information on the SERP, please see Note 15, Retirement Plans in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021: Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin: The following table provides information, for average outstanding balances for each major category of interest earnings assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the interest income or interest expense, and the average yield or rate for the periods indicated: 

Average Balances and Rates/Yields For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, (Dollars in Thousands) 2021 2020 Interest Average Interest Average Average Income/ Yield/ Average Income/ Yield/ Balance Expense Rate Balance Expense Rate Assets: Interest-earning accounts with other financial institutions 19,795 43 0.22 26,929 161 0.60 Interest-earning loans [1][2] 101,476 6,998 6.90 118,124 8,182 6.91 Total interest-earning assets 121,271 7,041 5.81 145,053 8,343 5.74 Non-interest-earning assets 8,231 7,995 Total Assets 129,502 7,041 5.44 153,048 8,343 5.44 Liabilities: Notes payable gross of debt issuance costs 73,897 2,657 3.60 74,443 2,717 3.64 Other debt 39,149 1,007 2.57 64,906 1,639 2.52 Total interest-bearing liabilities 113,046 3,664 3.24 139,349 4,356 3.12 Debt issuance cost 64 99 Total interest-bearing liabilities net of debt issuance cost 113,046 3,728 3.30 139,349 4,455 3.19 Net interest income 3,313 3,888 Net interest margin 2.73 2.67 

 [1] Loans are net of deferred fees and before the allowance for loan losses. Non-accrual loans are considered non-interest earning assets for this analysis. [2] Interest income on loans includes deferred fee amortization of 231 thousand and 257 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 vs. 2020 Increase (Decrease) Due to Change in: Volume Rate Total (Dollars in Thousands) Increase (Decrease) in Interest Income: Interest-earning accounts with other financial institutions (35) (83) (118) Interest-earning loans (1,172) (12) (1,184) Total interest-earning assets (1,207) (95) (1,302) Increase (Decrease) in Interest Expense: Notes payable gross of debt issuance costs (77) 17 (60) Term-debt (664) 32 (632) Debt issuance cost (35) (35) Total interest-bearing liabilities (741) 14 (727) Change in net interest income (466) (109) (575) 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Net interest income decreased 15 during the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease in net interest income was due primarily due to lower average balance on interest-earning loans. Lower interest expense on notes payable and term-debt partially offset the decreased earnings as explained below. Of the 1.3 million decrease in interest income, 1.2 million was due to a volume variance on interest-earning loans. The volume variance was due to the lower average loan balances as the Company sold loan participation interests and received loan principal payments as described previously in this Report. The weighted average rate on the loan portfolio decreased 34 basis points from 6.55 to 6.21 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The portfolio rate decreased as new lower rate loans replaced higher rate loans that paid off. Total interest expense offset the decrease in interest income by 727 thousand. 664 thousand of this decrease in interest expense was due to a decrease in average balance on term-debt as described previously in this Report. The Company s net interest margin increased despite the decrease in overall net interest income because the Company s balance sheet had a higher percentage of its interest-earning assets invested in higher yielding interest-earning loans. Provision and non-interest income and expense 

Twelve months ended December 31, Comparison (dollars in thousands) 2021 2020 Change Change Net interest income 3,313 3,888 (575) (15) Provision for loan losses 122 188 (66) (35) Net interest income after provision for loan losses 3,191 3,700 (509) (14) Non-interest income Broker-dealer commissions and fees 878 762 116 15 Other lending income 324 283 41 14 Gain on debt extinguishment 2,398 2,400 (2) Total non-interest income 3,600 3,445 155 4 Non-interest expenses: Total non-interest expenses 4,921 5,009 (88) (2) Income before provision for income taxes 1,870 2,136 (266) (12) Provision for income taxes and state LLC fees 20 20 Net income 1,850 2,116 (266) (13) Provision Net interest income after provision for loan losses decreased by 509 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The provision expense decreased by 66 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to December 31, 2020. The decrease in the 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 provision is due to the lower general reserve needed on the smaller average loan balance in 2021 compared to 2020. Non-interest income The increase in non-interest income shown above was primarily due to higher income on broker-dealer commissions and fees in 2021 compared to 2020. By expanding relationships with other credit unions and strategic partners that share an interest in providing investment, retirement, insurance and wealth planning options that align with Christian stewardship principles, we were able to expand the number of clients that we serve and increase the income generated from assets under management and non-interest income bearing sources. This higher income was due to stock market valuation growth as well as expanding our client base and increasing the volume of our revenue producing transactions. Other lending income increased by 41 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the growing our total participation interests sold and serviced by 8.1 million during the year. Non-interest expenses The decrease in non-interest expenses of 88 thousand was due primarily to a decrease in staff for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to December 31, 2020. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Regulation S-K and as such, are not providing the information contained in this item pursuant to Regulation S-K 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Included herewith are the following financial statements: Table of Contents 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-1 Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Income F-5 Consolidated Statements of Equity F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 F-63 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Members Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC Brea, California Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, members equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Allowance for Loan Losses As more fully described in Notes 1 and 4 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the allowance for loan losses represents losses that are estimated to have occurred. The allowance for loan losses is based on collectability of the loans in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, and prevailing economic conditions. The allowance consists of allocated and general components. The allocated component relates to specific allowances on loans that are classified as impaired. The general component relates to loans that are not classified as impaired and is based on historical charge-off experience and the qualitative factors for each class of loans with similar risk characteristics. Qualitative factors include general conditions in economy; loan portfolio composition; delinquencies; changes in underwriting policies; credit administration practices; and experience, ability and depth of lending management, among other factors. Management discloses that this evaluation is inherently subjective, as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. We identified the valuation of the allowance for loan losses as a critical audit matter. Auditing the allowance for loan losses involves a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s estimates, such as evaluating management s assessment of economic conditions and other qualitative or environmental factors, evaluating the adequacy of specific allowances associated with impaired loans, and assessing the appropriateness of loan grades. The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Testing of completeness and accuracy of the information utilized in the calculation of the allowance for loan losses; Evaluating the qualitative adjustments to historical loss rates, including assessing the basis for the adjustments and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions; 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 Testing the allowance model for computational accuracy; Assessing the reasonableness of specific allowances on certain impaired loans; Evaluating the overall reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management; Testing the assignment of loan risk ratings; Evaluating the accuracy and completeness of disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 
 /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. March 24, 2023 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands except unit data) 

2022 2021 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Certificates of deposit Loans receivable, net of allowance for loan losses of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Accrued interest receivable Investments in joint venture Other investments Property and equipment, net Foreclosed assets, net Servicing assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and members equity Liabilities: Lines of credit Term-debt Other secured borrowings Notes payable, net of debt issuance costs of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Members Equity: Series A preferred units, units authorized, units issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (liquidation preference of per unit); See Note 14 Class A common units, units authorized, units issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021; See Note 14 Accumulated earnings Total members equity Total liabilities and members equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Income For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) 

2022 2021 Interest income: Interest on loans Interest on interest-bearing accounts Total interest income Interest expense: Other debt Notes payable Total interest expense Net interest income Provision (credit) for loan losses ) Net interest income after provision (credit) for loan losses Non-interest income: Broker-dealer commissions and fees Other income Gain on debt extinguishment Total non-interest income Non-interest expenses: Salaries and benefits Marketing and promotion Office occupancy Office operations and other expenses Foreclosed assets, net Legal and accounting Total non-interest expenses Income before provision for income taxes and state LLC fees Provision for income taxes and state LLC fees Net income The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Equity For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) 

Series A Preferred Units Class A Common Units Number of Units Amount Number of Units Amount Accumulated Deficit Total Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net income Dividends on preferred units ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Net income Dividends on preferred units ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) 

2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of deferred loan fees, net ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Provision (credit) for loan losses ) Accretion of loan discount ) ) Gain on sale of loans ) ) Gain on sale of foreclosed assets ) Gain on debt extinguishment ) ) Gain on other investments ) Changes in: Accrued interest receivable Other assets Accrued interest payable ) Other liabilities ) Net cash used by operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Loan purchases ) ) Loan originations ) ) Loan sales Loan principal collections Purchase of other investments ) Redemption (purchase) of certificates of deposit ) Sale of foreclosed assets Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Principal payments on term debt ) ) Borrowings, net of repayments on lines of credit Net change in secured borrowings ) Net change in investor notes payable Debt issuance costs ) ) Dividends paid on preferred units ) ) Net cash used by financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Interest paid Income taxes paid Leased assets obtained in exchange of new operating lease liabilities Lease liabilities recorded Dividends declared to preferred unit holders The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 million in certificates with terms greater than three months as of December 31, 2022. The Company had certificates of deposit with original maturities of greater than three months at December 31, 2021. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 Other Investments In June 2022, MP Securities purchased fixed annuities from insurance companies. These annuities each carry unique features, including guaranteed fixed income components, variable income components, premium bonuses, and potential withdrawal charges. The Company carries these investments at cost and adjusts for guaranteed income when such income is realized. The principal balances of these annuities are guaranteed but are not insured; however, management determined that the annuities were not impaired at December 31, 2022 and does not anticipate losses. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 segment commercial loans. Management has segregated the loan portfolio into the following portfolio classes: 

Loan Class Class Description Wholly-Owned First Collateral Position Wholly-owned loans and the retained portion of loans originated by the Company and sold for which the Company possesses a senior lien on the collateral underlying the loan. Wholly-Owned Junior Collateral Position Wholly-owned loans and the retained portion of loans originated by the Company and sold for which the Company possesses a lien on the underlying collateral that is superseded by another lien on the same collateral. This class also contains any loans that are not secured. These loans present higher credit risk than loans for which the Company possesses a senior lien due to the increased risk of loss should the loan default. Participations First Collateral Position Participated loans purchased from another financial entity for which the Company possesses a senior lien on the collateral underlying the loan. Loan participations purchased may present higher credit risk than wholly owned loans because disposition and direction of actions regarding the management and collection of the loans must be coordinated and negotiated with the other participants, whose best interests regarding the loan may not align with those of the Company. Participations Junior Collateral Position Participated loans purchased from another financial entity for which the Company possesses a lien on the underlying collateral that is superseded by another lien on the same collateral. Loan participations in the junior collateral position loans have higher credit risk than wholly owned loans and participated loans purchased where the Company possesses a senior lien on the collateral. The increased risk is the result of the factors presented above relating to both junior lien positions and participations. Allowance for Loan Loss Evaluation Management evaluates the allowance for loan losses on a regular basis. The Company establishes the allowance for loan losses based upon its periodic review of several factors management believes influences the collectability of the loans, including: 
 the Company s loss history; the characteristics and volume of the loan portfolio; adverse conditions that may affect the borrower s ability to repay; the estimated value of any secured collateral; and the current economic conditions. 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 loans classified as non-TDR loan modifications due to COVID-19. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 primary types of revenue: interest income and non-interest income. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 . 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 to . Its lease agreements may include renewal or termination options for varying periods that are generally at our discretion. In lease term, the Company only includes those periods related to renewal options we are reasonably certain to exercise. However, the Company generally does not include these renewal options as it is not reasonably certain to renew at the lease commencement date. This determination is based on management s consideration of certain economic, strategic, and other factors that are evaluated at lease commencement date and reevaluate throughout the lease term. Some leases also include options to terminate the leases and the Company only includes those periods beyond the termination date if management is reasonably certain not to exercise the termination option. Some leasing arrangements require variable payments that are dependent on usage or may vary for other reasons, such as payments for insurance and tax payments. The variable part of lease payments is not included in our ROU assets or lease liabilities. Rather, variable payments, other than those dependent upon an index or rate, are expensed when the obligation for those payments is incurred and are included in lease expenses recorded in selling and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. If any of the lease agreements have both lease and non-lease components, the Company treats those as a single lease component for all underlying asset classes. Accordingly, all expenses associated with a lease contract are accounted for as lease expenses. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 thousand. In addition, the Company expects the allowance for unfunded commitments to be immaterial. The qualitative impact of the new accounting standard will still be directed by many of the same factors that impacted the previous methodology for calculating the allowance, including but not limited to, quality and experience of staff, changes in the value of collateral, concentrations of credit in loan types and changes to lending policies. In addition, the Company will also use reasonable and supportable forecasts. The actual impact from adopting this guidance may be subject to change based upon refinement and finalization of the model and associated assumptions, the implementation and testing of certain internal controls ensuring model effectiveness and management s judgment. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. This ASU eliminates the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) by creditors in Subtopic 310-40, Receivables - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors, while adding disclosures for certain loan restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. This guidance requires an entity to determine whether the modification results in a new loan or a continuation of an existing loan. Additionally, the ASU requires disclosure of current period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables. This ASU is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company adopted this guidance on January 1, 2023 and it did not have a material impact on the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 thousand and thousand, respectively, in cash pledged as collateral for its secured borrowings. See Note 3: Related Party Transactions for additional details. This amount is included in restricted cash in the table below. Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the statements of cash flows Other amounts included in restricted cash represent those required to be set aside with the Central Registration Depository CRD account with FINRA, as well as funds the Company has deposited with RBC Dain as clearing deposits. The Company may only use the CRD funds for certain fees charged by FINRA. These fees are paid to maintain the membership status of the Company or are related to the licensing of registered and associated persons of the Company. Loan participations purchased from and serviced by AdelFi 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 Interest income earned on loans purchased from AdelFi Fees paid to AdelFi from MP Securities Networking Agreement Income from Successor Servicing Agreement with AdelFi Rent expense on lease agreement with AdelFi Loan participation interests purchased: In the past, the Company purchased loan participation interests from AdelFi. Management negotiated the pass-through interest rates on these loans on a loan-by-loan basis. Management believes these negotiated terms were equivalent to those that would prevail in an arm s length transaction. The Company did t purchase any loans from AdelFi during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Loans sold: From time to time, the Company may sell loans to AdelFi. The Company sold loans to AdelFi during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Lease and Services Agreement: The Company leases its corporate offices and purchases other facility-related services from AdelFi pursuant to a written lease and services agreement. Management believes these terms are equivalent to those that prevail in arm s length transactions. MP Securities Networking Agreement with AdelFi: MP Securities, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, has entered into a Networking Agreement with AdelFi pursuant to which MP Securities agreed to offer investment and insurance products and services to AdelFi s members that: 
 (1) AdelFi or its Board of Directors has approved; (2) comply with applicable investor suitability standards required by federal and state securities laws and regulations; (3) are offered in accordance with National Credit Union Administration NCUA rules and regulations; and 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 Dollar amount of outstanding loan participations sold to ACCU and serviced by the Company Amount owed on ACCU secured borrowings Amount owed on ACCU line of credit Loans pledged on ACCU line of credit Loans sold to ACCU Dollar amount of secured borrowings made from ACCU Dollar amount of draws on ACCU line of credit Interest expense on ACCU borrowings Income from broker services provided to ACCU by MPS Fees paid based on MP Securities Networking Agreement with ACCU 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 Loan participation interests purchased: The Company negotiates pass-through interest rates on loan participation interests purchased from ACCU on a loan-by-loan basis. Management believes these terms are equivalent to those that prevail in arm s length transactions. The Company did t purchase any loans from ACCU during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Loan participation interests sold: From time to time, the Company sells loan participation interests in loans it originates and services to ACCU. The Company negotiates pass-through interest rates on loan participation interests sold to ACCU on a loan-by-loan basis. Management believes these terms are equivalent to those that prevail in arm s length transactions. Effective August 9, 2021, the Company entered into a Master Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement the Master LP Agreement with ACCU. The Master LP Agreement is intended to facilitate the sale to ACCU of small participation interests in the Company s originated loans. As a part of any transaction conducted under the Master LP Agreement, the borrower of the loan being sold would become a member of ACCU, thereby meeting the requirements of NCUA regulations that govern loan participation purchases by credit unions. This allows the Company to sell additional participations in the loan to other credit unions. Sales made under the Master LP Agreement are done on a recourse basis, requiring the Company to repurchase the participation interest in the event of default by the borrower. Under a separate Deposit Control Agreement reached in conjunction with the Master LP Agreement, the Company deposits cash on a one-to-one basis as collateral to secure the participation interest sold to ACCU. This cash is considered restricted cash. The Company retains the ability to sell loan participation interests to ACCU outside of the Master LP Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, thousand and thousand had been sold and was outstanding under this agreement. This has been classified on the balance sheet as secured borrowings. The Company has deposited equal amounts of cash in an account at ACCU as collateral for these borrowings. These funds are considered restricted cash. MP Securities networking agreement with ACCU: MP Securities has entered into a Networking Agreement with ACCU pursuant to which MP Securities has agreed to offer investment and insurance products and services to ACCU s members that: 
 (1) ACCU or its Board of Directors has approved; 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 prior written notice. Line of Credit: On September 23, 2021, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with ACCU. The ACCU line of credit ACCU LOC is a million short-term demand facility with a maturity date of . See Note 10: Credit Facilities and Other Debt for additional terms and conditions. Management believes these terms are equivalent to those that prevail in arm s length transactions. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, there were million and million in borrowings outstanding on the ACCU line of credit. Loans pledged on KCT line of credit Outstanding loan participations sold to KCT and serviced by the Company Related party transactions of the Company (dollars in thousands): Loans sold to KCT Dollar amount of draws on KCT line of credit Interest expense on KCT line of credit Fees paid based on MP Securities Networking Agreement with KCT 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 Funds on deposit with KCT: On January 13, 2020, the Company purchased million of certificates of deposit from KCT. The certificates matured on , and the funds were transferred to a savings account at KCT. On September 29, 2022, the Company purchased a million certificate of deposit from KCT. The certificate matures on and carries an interest rate of . This certificate is pledged as a compensating balance deposit on one of the lines of credit the Company holds with KCT. Line of Credit: On June 6, 2022, the Company terminated the existing million Loan and Security Agreement with KCT Credit Union, an Illinois state chartered financial institution. It replaced this agreement with two short-term demand credit facilities, a million warehouse line of credit KCT Warehouse LOC and a million operating line of credit KCT Operating LOC ). See Note 10: Credit Facilities and Other Debt for additional terms and conditions of these credit facilities. Management believes these terms are equivalent to those that prevail in arm s length transactions. As of and December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was outstanding balance on either of the lines of credit with KCT. MP Securities Networking Agreement: MP Securities, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, has entered into a Networking Agreement with KCT pursuant to which MP Securities agreed to offer investment and insurance products and services to KCT s members that: 
 (1) KCT or its Board of Directors has approved; (2) comply with applicable investor suitability standards required by federal and state securities laws and regulations; (3) are offered in accordance with National Credit Union Administration NCUA rules and regulations; and (4) comply with its membership agreement with FINRA. 
 The agreement entitles MP Securities to pay KCT a percentage of total revenue received by MP Securities from transactions conducted for or on behalf of KCT members. Either KCT or MP Securities may terminate the Networking Agreement without cause upon prior written notice. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 million and million in loan participations that it has sold to KCT. Outstanding loan participations sold to NFCU and serviced by the Company Outstanding notes payable to officers and managers Loan Participations Sold: The Company had a Loan Participation Agreement with UNIFY Financial Credit Union UFCU ), an owner of both the Company s Class A Common Units and Series A Preferred Units. Under this agreement, the Company sold UFCU a million loan participation interest in of its mortgage loan interests on August 14, 2013. As part of this agreement, the Company retained the right to service the loan, and it charged UFCU a fee for servicing the loan. The loan related to this agreement paid off in 2022. The Company has also entered into a Loan Participation Agreement with Navy Federal Credit Union NFCU ), an owner of both the Company s Class A Common Units and Series A Preferred Units. Under this agreement, the Company sold NFCU a million loan participation interest in of its construction loans on March 20, 2020. As part of this agreement, the Company retained the right to service the loan, and it charges NFCU a fee for servicing the loan. Management believes the terms of the agreement are equivalent to those that prevail in arm s length transactions for similar agreements entered into by other credit unions. From time to time, the Company may purchase a loan participation interest from a related party. The Company and its related party will negotiate in good faith the terms and conditions of such a purchase and in accordance with the Company s related party procedures and governance practices. Each party must approve such a purchase after full disclosure of the related party transaction and must include terms and conditions that would normally be included in arm s length transactions conducted by independent parties. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 million and thousand at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Transactions with Subsidiaries The Company has entered into several agreements with its subsidiary, MP Securities. The Company eliminates the income and expense related to these agreements in the consolidated financial statements. MP Securities serves as the managing broker for the Company s public and private placement note offerings. MP Securities receives compensation related to these broker-dealer services ranging from to over the life of a note. The amount of the compensation depends on the length of the note and the terms of the offering under which MP Securities sold the note. The Company also has entered into an Administrative Services Agreement with MP Securities. The Administrative Services Agreement provides services such as the use of office space, use of equipment, including computers and phones, and payroll and personnel services. The agreement stipulates that MP Securities will provide ministerial, compliance, marketing, operational, and investor relations-related services in relation to the Company s investor note program. As stated above, the Company eliminates all intercompany transactions related to this agreement in its consolidated financial statements. The Company s subsidiary, MPF, serves as the collateral agent for the Company s Secured Notes. The Company s Prospectus for its Class 1A Notes and the private placement memorandum for the Company s Secured Notes Offering describe the terms of these agreements. Related Party Transaction Policy The Board has adopted a Related Party Transaction Policy to assist in evaluating transactions the Company may enter into with a related party. Under this policy, a majority of the members of the Company s Board and majority of its independent Board members must approve a material transaction that it enters into with a related party. As a result, all transactions that the Company undertakes with an affiliate or a related party are entered into on terms believed by management to be no less favorable than are available from unaffiliated third parties. In addition, a majority of the Company s independent Board members must approve these transactions. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 segment commercial loans. See Note 1 Loan Portfolio Segments and Classes to the Financial Statements. The loans fall into classes: 
 wholly-owned loans for which the Company possesses the first collateral position; wholly-owned loans that are either unsecured or for which the Company possesses a junior collateral position; participated loans purchased for which the Company possesses the first collateral position; and participated loans purchased for which the Company possesses a junior collateral position. 
 The Company primarily makes or purchases participations in loans that are made to evangelical churches and related organizations. The purpose of these loans is to purchase, construct, or improve facilities. Occasionally the company purchases conventional commercial loans to meet the Company s liquidity and yield goals as well as to diversify the Company s loan portfolio. Loan maturities extend through . The loan portfolio had a weighted average rate of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Loans receivable at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively include thousand and thousand in loan participations transferred under a recourse agreement. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 Other secured Unsecured Total loans Deferred loan fees, net ) ) Loan discount ) ) Allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans, net Allowance for Loan Losses Management believes it has properly calculated the allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The following table shows the changes in the allowance for loan losses for the years ended years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): Provision (credit) for loan loss ) Chargeoffs Recoveries Balance, end of period The table below presents loans by portfolio segment (commercial loans) and the related allowance for loan losses. In addition, the table segregates loans and the allowance for loan losses by impairment methodology (dollars in thousands): Collectively evaluated for impairment Balance Allowance for loan losses: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Balance 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 The Company has established a loan grading system to assist management in their analysis and supervision of the loan portfolio. The following tables summarize the credit quality indicators by loan class (dollars in thousands): Watch Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total 

Credit Quality Indicators (by class) As of December 31, 2021 Wholly-Owned First Wholly-Owned Junior Participation First Participation Junior Total Grade: Pass Watch Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 Wholly-Owned Junior Participation First Participation Junior Total Age Analysis of Past Due Loans (by class) As of December 31, 2021 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due Greater Than 90 Days Total Past Due Current Total Loans Recorded Investment 90 Days or more and Accruing Commercial loans: Wholly-Owned First Wholly-Owned Junior Participation First Participation Junior Total Impaired Loans The following tables are summaries of impaired loans by loan class as of and for the years ended years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The unpaid principal balance reflects the contractual principal outstanding on the loan. Included in the balance of impaired loans are troubled debt restructurings that have been performing and have been upgraded to pass or watch since the modification date. The recorded balance reflects the unpaid principal balance less any interest payments that have been recorded against principal. The recorded investment reflects the recorded balance, plus accrued interest, less discounts taken. The related allowance reflects specific reserves taken on the impaired loans (dollars in thousands): 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Income Recognized Wholly-Owned Junior Average Recorded Investment Interest Income Recognized Participation First Average Recorded Investment Interest Income Recognized Participation Junior Average Recorded Investment Interest Income Recognized Total Impaired Loans Average Recorded Investment Interest Income Recognized 

Impaired Loans (by class) As of As of December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Wholly-Owned First Recorded Investment with allowance Recorded Investment with no Allowance Total Recorded Investment Related Allowance on Impaired Loans with Allowance Unpaid Principal Balance Wholly-Owned Junior Recorded Investment with allowance Recorded Investment with no Allowance Total Recorded Investment Related Allowance on Impaired Loans with Allowance Unpaid Principal Balance Participation First Recorded Investment with allowance Recorded Investment with no Allowance Total Recorded Investment Related Allowance on Impaired Loans with Allowance Unpaid Principal Balance Participation Junior Recorded Investment with allowance Recorded Investment with no Allowance Total Recorded Investment Related Allowance on Impaired Loans with Allowance Unpaid Principal Balance Total Impaired Loans Recorded Investment with allowance Recorded Investment with no Allowance Total Recorded Investment Related Allowance on Impaired Loans with Allowance Unpaid Principal Balance 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 Wholly-Owned Junior Participation First Participation Junior Total Beginning in April, 2020, the Company has taken measures to assist borrowers adversely affected by COVID-19 by deferring principal and/or interest payments. The concessions granted met the qualifications under Section 4013 of the CARES Act, and, as a result, the Company elected not to account for these modifications as troubled debt restructurings. The Company restructured loan during the year ended December 31, 2021 that qualified as a CARES Act modification and was not accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring. This loan had an outstanding balance of million at the time of the modification. The borrower resumed making contractual payment prior to December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, loans were under CARES Act deferrals. The Company did t restructure any loans that qualified as CARES Act modifications during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company restructured loans during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company restructured loans during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 Wholly-Owned Junior Participation First Participation Junior Total 

Troubled Debt Restructurings (by class) For the year ended December 31, 2021 Number of Loans Pre- Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment Post- Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment Recorded Investment At Period End Commercial loans: Wholly-Owned First Wholly-Owned Junior Participation First Participation Junior Total Of the loans the Company restructured in 2022, were granted extended maturity dates when the borrower s financial condition could not support a full renewal. of these loans was a construction loan that still had amounts remaining to be drawn. Two months after the restructure, the borrower met the appropriate conditions, and the Company funded the remainder of the approved amount of the construction draws. The Company then renewed and converted the loan to an amortizing commercial real estate loan. restructured loan was granted a period of six months of interest-only payments; the borrower had returned to making principal and interest payments prior to December 31, 2022. Finally, the Company reached a forbearance agreement with a borrower to restructure a loan, granting a reduced interest rate and interest-only payments for one year. of the loans restructured during the year ended December 31, 2022 subsequently defaulted. The Company had previously restructured loans that were past maturity as of December 31, 2022. The Company has entered into forbearance agreements with the borrowers and is evaluating what actions it should undertake to protect its investment on these loans. These forbearance agreements include reduced monthly payment amounts and additional reporting requirements. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 additional funds were committed to be advanced in connection with loans modified as troubled debt restructurings. thousand and represented of the ownership of the joint venture. The Company s ownership percentage in the joint venture was as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The value of the Company s investment in the joint venture was thousand and thousand, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Management s impairment analysis of the investment as of December 31, 2022 has determined that the investment is not impaired. Certificates of Deposit The Company held an investment in a certificate of deposit with an original maturity greater than three months at December 31, 2022. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 3.25 6/6/2023 The certificate identified above was purchased from KCT and is pledged as a compensating balance under the terms of the KCT Warehouse LOC. See Note 10: Credit Facilities and Other Debt for additional terms and conditions of these credit facilities. The Company owned certificates of deposit with an original maturity greater than three months at December 31, 2021. Other Investments In June 2022, the Company entered into indexed annuity insurance contracts whereby an insurance company guarantees a fixed rate of return in exchange for holding a deposit from the Company for the contracted period of . The Company recognized thousand in income on these investments during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 Gains on loan sales Gain on sale of foreclosed assets Other investment income Other non-interest income Non-interest income, out of scope, ASC 606 Lending fees Gain on debt extinguishment Total non-interest income In accordance with our accounting policies as governed by ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, the following table separates revenue from contracts with customers into categories that are based on the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows associated with each product and distribution channel. Non-interest revenue earned by the Company s broker-dealer subsidiary, MP Securities, comprises security commissions, sale of investment company shares, insurance product revenue, and advisory fee income. Security commission revenue represents the sale of over-the-counter stock, unit investment trusts, and variable annuities. The revenue earned from the sale of these products is recognized upon satisfaction of performance obligations, which occurs on the trade date and is considered transactional revenue. The Company also earns revenue from the management of invested assets, which is recognized monthly, as earned, based on the average asset value, and is referred to as Assets Under Management revenue AUM ). 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 AUM Total Sale of investment company shares Transactional AUM Total Other insurance product revenue Transactional AUM Total Advisory fee income Transactional AUM Total Total broker-dealer revenue Transactional AUM Total broker-dealer revenue Total participation interests sold and serviced by the Company Servicing income Servicing Assets Balance, beginning of period Additions: Servicing obligations from sale of loan participations Subtractions: Amortization ) ) Balance, end of period ACCU Loan Participation Agreement As detailed in Note 3: Related Party Transactions, effective August 9, 2021, the Company entered into a Master Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement with ACCU. Sales made under the 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 thousand and thousand, respectively. Due to the recourse provisions of the agreement, the participation sales made under the agreement are classified as secured borrowings and are presented separately on the Company s balance sheet. property that was valued at thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021. There was allowance for losses on foreclosed assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company did t record any loss provisions on foreclosed assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold a residential property it had acquired in a foreclosure action that had previously been completely written off. The Company realized a gain of thousand on this sale. Total expenses 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 Computer system Leasehold improvements Total premises and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Premises and equipment, net 

2022 2021 Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, Variable 6/6/2023 KCT Operating LOC Variable 6/6/2023 ACCU LOC Variable 9/23/2023 ACCU Secured Various Fixed Various Term-Debt Credit Facility The Company had a secured term-debt credit facility with OSK VII, LLC, an investment fund OSK ). The original obligation on this debt was an million credit facility refinancing transaction, which was entered into on November 4, 2011, with the National Credit Union Administration Board As Liquidating Agent of Members United Corporate Federal Credit Union. On June 28, 2019, NCUA assigned all its rights, title, and interest under the credit facility to OSK. The facility was non-revolving and did not include an option to renew or extend additional credit. Additionally, the facility does not contain a prepayment penalty. Under the terms of the credit facility, the Company was required to maintain a minimum collateralization ratio of at least . If at any time the Company had failed to maintain its required minimum collateralization ratio, it 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 
 . The collateral securing the facility at December 31, 2021 satisfied the minimum ratio. In addition, the credit facility included several borrower covenants. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2021. On March 5, 2021, the Company made a million principal prepayment on this facility and realized a million gain on the extinguishment of debt because of this payment. On January 6, 2022, the Company made a million principal prepayment on this facility and realized a million gain on the extinguishment of debt. On June 29, 2022, and September 29, 2022, the Company made million principal prepayments on this facility and realized thousand gains on the extinguishment of debt on of each of these payments. The Company was in compliance with its covenants under the facility at the time of these payments. On November 4, 2022, the Company paid off the remaining million in outstanding principal on the term-debt credit facility. The term-debt credit facility is now terminated and satisfied in whole. The Company negotiated to settle the remaining million in principal outstanding at a discount resulting in a gain on debt extinguishment of thousand. Paycheck Protection Program Loan On April 27, 2020, MP Securities applied for and received a Paycheck Protection Program loan PPP Loan granted under the CARES Act in the amount of thousand. According to the terms of the program, as administered by the Small Business Association SBA ), payments on the loan were deferred and deferred interest was capitalized into the principal balance of the loan. In addition, qualifying amounts of the principal balance of the loan and deferred interest were eligible to be forgiven if MP Securities retained employees and maintained salary levels for its existing employees. On March 5, 2021, the SBA forgave all principal and accrued interest due on this loan. KCT Lines of Credit On September 30, 2020, Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC, entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with KCT Credit Union, an Illinois state chartered financial institution. On June 6, 2022, the Company and KCT mutually agreed to terminate this facility and entered into new facilities. The first facility, the KCT Warehouse LOC, is a million short-term demand credit facility with a maturity date ending on June 6, 2023. The KCT Warehouse LOC will automatically renew for another term unless either party furnishes written notice at least prior to the termination date that it does not intend to renew the agreement. The Company has secured the KCT Warehouse LOC with certain of its mortgage loan investments. 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 
 after the advance is made or earlier if a collateral loan becomes more than delinquent, and the Company fails to cure such deficiency. The interest rate on the KCT Warehouse LOC is equal to the prime rate at the time of the draw plus . At December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the KCT Warehouse LOC was . To secure its obligations under the KCT Warehouse LOC, the Company has agreed to grant a priority first lien and security interest in certain of its mortgage loan investments and maintain a minimum collateralization ratio measured by taking outstanding balance of mortgage notes pledged under the facility as compared to the total amount of principal owed on the KCT Warehouse LOC. The minimum ratio must equal at least . The KCT Warehouse LOC also requires the Company to maintain a deposit of of the total line limit to borrow on the facility. In September 2022, the Company purchased a million certificate of deposit from KCT that satisfies this requirement. A total of million in loans were pledged on this facility as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, there were outstanding borrowings on the KCT Warehouse LOC. In addition, on June 6, 2022, the Company entered into an Operating Line of Credit Loan and Security Agreement with the KCT, the KCT Operating LOC. The KCT Operating LOC is a million short-term demand credit facility with a maturity date ending on June 6, 2023. The KCT Operating LOC will automatically renew for another term unless either party furnishes written notice at least prior to the termination date that it does not intend to renew the agreement. The Company must secure a minimum of of the line with cash while the remaining portion of the KCT Operating LOC may be secured by certain of its mortgage loan investments. The Company may draw funds on the KCT Operating LOC at any time until the line is fully drawn. Repayment by the termination date or earlier if a collateral loan becomes more than delinquent, and the Company fails to cure such deficiency. The interest rate on the KCT Warehouse LOC is equal to the prime rate at the time of the draw plus . At December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the KCT Warehouse LOC was . To secure its obligations under the KCT Operating LOC, the Company has agreed to grant a priority first lien and security interest in certain of its mortgage loan investments and maintain a minimum collateralization ratio measured by taking the outstanding balance of mortgage notes pledged under the facility as compared to the total amount of principal owed less the secured cash on the KCT Operating LOC. The minimum ratio must equal at least . A total of million in loans were pledged on this facility as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, there were outstanding borrowings on the KCT Operating LOC. The KCT Operating LOC and the KCT Warehouse LOC both contain typical affirmative covenants for a credit facility of this nature, including requiring that the Company maintain the pledged 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 
 million dollars, ensuring that its net worth is equal to at least of its total liabilities and that it will maintain minimum liquidity that equals or exceeds of the outstanding amount owed under the KCT Operating LOC and the KCT Warehouse LOC at the end of each calendar month. ACCU Line of Credit On September 23, 2021, Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC, entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with ACCU ACCU LOC ). The ACCU LOC is a revolving million short-term demand credit facility with a maturity date of . The facility carried an outstanding balance of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The interest rate on the facility is equal to the Prime Rate as published in the Wall Street Journal plus . This rate will be adjusted on January 10 th each year to account for the current Prime Rate but cannot be adjusted below . The interest rate on the ACCU LOC was on December 31, 2022. The ACCU LOC will automatically renew for one additional term unless either party furnishes written notice at least thirty 30 days prior to the termination date that it does not intend to renew the agreement. The Company may draw funds on the ACCU LOC at any time until the line is fully drawn. All outstanding principal and interest amounts are due on the maturity date. To secure its obligations under the ACCU LOC, the Company has agreed to grant a priority first lien and security interest in certain of its mortgage loan investments and maintain a minimum collateralization ratio measured by taking outstanding balance of mortgage notes pledged under the facility as compared to the total amount of principal owed on the ACCU LOC. The minimum ratio must equal at least . The Company must also maintain minimum liquidity that equals or exceeds million at all times during the term of the loan. The ACCU LOC contains typical affirmative covenants for a credit facility of this nature. The Company was in compliance with these covenants at years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. A total of million in loans were pledged on this facility as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. ACCU Secured Borrowings As detailed in Note 3: Related Party Transactions, on August 9, 2021, the Company entered into a Master Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement with ACCU. The participations sold under the Master LP Agreement are considered secured borrowings and are presented as such on the Company s balance sheet. thousand and thousand in secured borrowings were outstanding under the Master LP Agreement as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 
 Class 1A Offering Unsecured 2021 Class A Offering Unsecured Public Offering Total Private Offerings Subordinated Notes Unsecured Secured Notes Secured Private Offering Total Total Notes Payable Notes Payable Totals by Security Unsecured Total Unsecured Secured Total Secured Future maturities for the Company s investor notes during the twelve-month periods ending December 31, are as follows (dollars in thousands): 2024 2025 2026 2027 Debt issuance costs Notes payable, net of debt issuance costs Debt issuance costs related to the Company s notes payable were thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The notes are payable to investors who have purchased the securities. Notes pay interest at stated spreads over an index rate. The investor may reinvest the interest or have the interest paid to them at their option. The Company may repurchase all or a portion of notes at any time at its sole discretion. In addition, the Company may allow investors to redeem their notes prior to maturity at its sole discretion. 
 F-49 

Table of Contents 
 categories of notes, including a fixed interest note and a variable interest note. The Class 1 Notes contain restrictive covenants pertaining to paying dividends, making redemptions, acquiring, purchasing, or making certain payments, requiring the maintenance of minimum tangible net worth, limitations on the issuance of additional notes, and incurring of indebtedness. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2021. The Company issued the Class 1 Notes under a Trust Indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank. There were outstanding Class 1 Notes as of December 31, 2022. Class 1A Offering In February 2018, the Company launched its Class 1A Notes Offering. Pursuant to a Registration Statement declared effective on February 27, 2018, the Company registered million of its Class 1A Notes in series fixed and variable notes. The Class 1A Notes are unsecured. The interest rate paid on the Fixed Series Notes is determined in reference to a Constant Maturity Treasury Index published by the U.S. Department of Treasury CMT Index in effect on the date that the note is issued plus a rate spread as described in the Company s Class 1A Prospectus. The variable index in effect on the date the interest rate is set determines the interest rate paid on a Variable Series Note. The CMT Index refers to the Constant Maturity Treasury rates published by the U.S. Department of Treasury for actively traded Treasury securities. The variable index is equal to the 3-month LIBOR rate. The Company issued the Class 1A Notes under a Trust Indenture entered into between the Company and U.S. Bank. 2021 Class A Offering In January 2021, the Company launched its 2021 Class A Notes Offering. Pursuant to a Registration Statement declared effective on January 8, 2021, the Company registered million of its 2021 Class A Notes in series fixed and variable notes. The 2021 Class A Notes are unsecured. Like the Class 1A Notes Offering, the interest rate paid on the Fixed Series Notes is determined in reference to a CMT Index published by the U.S. Department of Treasury in effect on the date that the note is issued plus a rate spread as described in the Company s 2021 Class A Prospectus. The variable index in effect on the date the interest rate is set determines the interest rate paid on a Variable Series Note. The CMT Index refers to the Constant Maturity Treasury rates published by the U.S. Department of Treasury for actively traded Treasury securities. The variable index is equal to the 3-month LIBOR rate. The Company issued the 2021 Class A Notes under a Trust Indenture entered into by and between the Company and U.S. Bank. 
 F-50 

Table of Contents 
 Undisbursed loans are commitments for possible future extensions of credit to existing customers. These loans are sometimes unsecured and the borrower may not necessarily draw upon the line the total amount of the commitment. Commitments to extend credit are generally at variable rates. 
 F-51 

Table of Contents 
 . The lease does t contain any additional options to renew. The Fresno office lease expires in April 2025. There are options to renew in the lease agreement. The Company also has a lease agreement for a vehicle used by management. The lease for the vehicle terminates in December 2024. The Company has determined that these leases are operating leases. Other information Cash paid for operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Lease liabilities recorded Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted-average discount rate Future minimum lease payments and lease costs for the twelve months ending December 31 are as follows (dollars in thousands): 2024 2025 Total Insurance Lease and occupancy expense Outsourced operations Staff and travel expense Loan expenses Clearing firm fees Other Total 
 F-52 

Table of Contents 
 of its net profits earned for any year, after subtracting from profits the quarterly Series A Preferred Unit dividends paid, for distribution to its Series A Preferred Unit holders. The Series A Preferred Units have a liquidation preference of per unit and have voting rights. They are also subject to redemption in whole or in part at the Company s election on December 31 of any year for an amount equal to the liquidation preference of each unit, plus any accrued and declared but unpaid quarterly dividends and preferred distributions on such units. The Series A Preferred Units have priority as to earnings and distributions over the Common Units. The resale of the Company s Series A Preferred Units and Common Units are subject to the Company s first right of refusal to purchase units proposed to be transferred. Upon the Company s failure to pay quarterly dividends for consecutive quarters, the holders of the Series A Preferred Units have the right to appoint managers to its Board of Managers. The Class A Common Units have voting rights, but have no liquidation preference or rights to dividends, unless declared. of salary, subject to certain limits based on U.S. tax law. The plan has a matching program, which qualifies as a Safe Harbor 401(k) plan. As a Safe Harbor Section 401(k) plan, the Company matches each eligible employee s contribution, dollar for dollar, up to of the employee s compensation, and of the employee s contribution that exceeds of their compensation, up to a maximum contribution of of the employee s compensation. Company matching contributions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 F-53 

Table of Contents 
 old, still employed, and have at least 900 hours of service during the plan year. The Company s Board of Managers determines the amount annually contributed on behalf of each qualified employee. The Company determines the amount by calculating it as a percentage of the eligible employee s annual earnings. Plan forfeitures are used to reduce the Company s annual contribution. The Company did t make or approve a profit sharing contribution to the plan during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan On March 30, 2022, the Company entered into a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the SERP with its President and Chief Executive Officer, Joseph W. Turner, Jr. The SERP is an unfunded non-qualified plan that is intended to provide Mr. Turner with a fixed benefit over a period after Mr. Turner incurs a separation from service with the Company. The SERP has been established as a supplemental retirement and death benefits arrangement that conforms with the provisions of Section 409(A) of the Internal Revenue Code. If Mr. Turner retires on or after his expected retirement date, he will be entitled to receive per year over a period, payable in equal monthly installments commencing the first day of the month following his separation from service. For purposes of the SERP, Mr. Turner s accrued benefit is subject to a maximum sum of , with payments made annually in equal monthly installments over a period. The Company is liable for the entire amount of this benefit unless Mr. Turner incurs a separation of service prior to the vesting date in August 2024. The Company s management has determined that such a separation is unlikely to occur prior to the vesting date and has accrued the entire benefit as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-54 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-55 

Table of Contents 
 Certificates of deposit Loans, net Investments in joint venture Other investments Accrued interest receivable FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: Lines of credit Other secured borrowings Notes payable Other financial liabilities 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 using Carrying Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Fair Value FINANCIAL ASSETS: Cash and restricted cash Loans, net Investments in joint venture Accrued interest receivable FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: Lines of credit Term-debt Other secured borrowings Notes payable Other financial liabilities Management uses judgment in estimating the fair value of the Company s financial instruments; however, there are inherent weaknesses in any estimation technique. Therefore, for substantially all financial instruments, the fair value estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could have realized in a sales transaction at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company used the following methods and assumptions to estimate the fair value of financial instruments: 
 Cash The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets approximate fair value for cash. 
 F-56 

Table of Contents 
 thousand of loan participations transferred under a recourse agreement. Investments in joint venture Management estimates fair value by analyzing the operations and marketability of the underlying investment to determine if the investment is other-than-temporarily impaired. Other investments Management estimates fair value by determining the whether there is an indication of potential lack of performance on the part of the insurance companies in which the investments are made, and whether those indications would impair the investments. Investor Notes Payable Management estimates the fair value of fixed maturity notes by discounting the future cash flows of the notes. The discount rate the Company uses is the rate currently offered for investor notes payable of similar remaining maturities. Company management estimates the discount rate by using market rates that reflect the interest rate risk inherent in the notes. Lines of Credit, Term-debt, Other Secured Borrowings Management estimates the fair value of borrowings from financial institutions discounting the future cash flows of the borrowings. The discount rate the Company uses is the current incremental borrowing rate for similar types of borrowing arrangements. Off-Balance Sheet Instruments Management determines the fair value of loan commitments on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining term of the agreements and the counterparties credit standing. The fair value of loan commitments is insignificant at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Fair Value Measured on a Nonrecurring Basis The Company measures certain assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. On these assets, the Company only makes fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). 
 F-57 

Table of Contents 
 Investments in joint venture Other investments Foreclosed assets (net of allowance) Total Assets at December 31, 2021: Collateral-dependent loans (net of allowance and discount) Investments in joint venture Foreclosed assets (net of allowance) Total The following table presents activity in Level 3 assets for those assets in which there were purchases or sales, or in which assets were transferred between levels. The only assets to have such activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 were other investments (dollars in thousands): Realized income on other investments Balance, December 31, 2022 Impaired Loans The fair value of collateral-dependent impaired loans with specific allocations of the allowance for loan losses is generally based on recent real estate appraisals. Such fair values are obtained using independent appraisals, which the Company may discount due to age or other factors, which the Company considers to be Level 3 inputs. The range of these discounts is shown in the table below. Foreclosed Assets At the date of foreclosure, the Company initially records real estate acquired through foreclosure or other proceedings (foreclosed assets) at fair value less estimated costs of disposal, which establishes a new cost. After foreclosure, management periodically performs valuations on foreclosed assets. The company carries foreclosed assets held for sale at the lower of cost or fair value, less estimated costs of disposal. The fair values of real properties initially are determined based on appraisals. In some cases, management adjusts the appraised values for various factors including age of the appraisal, age of comparable properties included in the appraisal, and known changes in the market or in the collateral. The Company makes subsequent valuations of the real properties based either on 
 F-58 

Table of Contents 
 indexed annuity insurance contracts. The Company measures fair value on its annuity investments on a nonrecurring basis. On these assets, the Company only makes fair value adjustments when there is evidence of impairment. As the principal amounts and recognized income on the annuities is guaranteed, only impairment of the assets would indicate a degradation in their fair value. The Company concluded that impairment of the annuity investments existed at December 31, 2022. As such, the Company has determined that the carrying value of its other investments equals its fair value at December 31, 2022. Discounted appraised value Selling cost / Estimated market decrease - Investments in joint venture Internal evaluations Estimated future market value Other investments Internal evaluations Indications of non-performance by insurance companies Foreclosed assets Internal evaluations Selling cost 

December 31, 2021 Assets Fair Value (in thousands) Valuation Techniques Unobservable Input Range (Weighted Average) Impaired loans Discounted appraised value Selling cost / Estimated market decrease - Investments in joint venture Internal evaluations Estimated future market value Foreclosed assets Internal evaluations Selling cost 
 F-59 

Table of Contents 
 per year, and the state minimum franchise tax of per year. MP Securities is subject to a California gross receipts LLC fee of approximately and the state minimum franchise tax of per year. MP Realty incurred a tax loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and recorded a provision of per year for the state minimum franchise tax. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, MP Realty has federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately thousand and thousand, respectively, which begin to expire in the year 2032 . Management assessed the realizability of the deferred tax asset and determined that a valuation against the deferred tax asset was appropriate at years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax years ended December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2022 remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and the tax years ended December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2022 remain subject to examination by the California Franchise Tax Board. reportable segments that represent the primary businesses reported in the consolidated financial statements: the finance company (the parent company), and the investment advisor and insurance firm (MP Securities). The finance company segment uses funds from the sale of debt securities, income from operations, and the sale of loan participations to originate or purchase mortgage loans. The finance company also services loans. MP Securities generates fee income by selling debt securities and other investment and insurance products, as well as providing investment advisory and financial planning services. The accounting policies applied to determine the segment information are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. Management accounts for intersegment revenues and expenses at amounts that assume the Company entered into the transaction with unrelated third parties at the current market prices at the time of the transaction. Management evaluates the performance of each segment based on net income or loss before provision for income taxes and LLC fees. 
 F-60 

Table of Contents 
 Broker Dealer Adjustments / Eliminations Total Revenue from internal sources Finance Company Broker Dealer Other Segments Adjustments / Eliminations ) ) Total Total non-interest expense and provision for tax Finance Company Broker Dealer Other Segments Adjustments / Eliminations Total Net profit Finance Company Broker Dealer Other Segments Adjustments / Eliminations ) ) Total December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 (Unaudited) (Audited) Total assets Finance Company Broker Dealer Other Segments Adjustments / Eliminations ) ) Total 
 F-61 

Table of Contents 
 Certificates of deposit Loans receivable, net of allowance for loan losses Investment in subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities and members equity Liabilities: Other borrowings Notes payable, net of debt issuance costs Other liabilities Total liabilities Equity Total liabilities and members equity Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC Statement of Income Other income Total income Interest expense: Other borrowings Notes payable Total interest expense Provision (credit) for loan losses ) Other operating expenses Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes and state LLC fees Income before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Net income 
 F-62 

Table of Contents 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used by operating activities: Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) ) Depreciation Amortization of deferred loan fees ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Provision for loan losses ) Accretion of loan discount ) ) Gain on sale of loans ) ) Gain on sale of foreclosed assets ) Gain on debt extinguishment ) ) Changes in: Other assets Other liabilities ) Net cash (used) by operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Loan purchases ) ) Loan originations ) ) Loan sales Loan principal collections Redemption (purchase) of certificates of deposit ) Foreclosed property sales Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Net change in term-debt ) ) Borrowings, net of repayments on lines of credit Net change in secured borrowings ) Net change in notes payable Debt issuance costs ) ) Dividends paid on preferred units ) ) Net cash (used) by financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Interest paid Income taxes paid Leased assets obtained in exchange of new operating lease liabilities Lease liabilities recorded Dividends declared to preferred unit holders 
 F-63 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the fiscal period ending December 31, 2022 covered by this Report on Form 10-K. The officers performed this evaluation as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. From this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. This conclusion by our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer does not relate to reporting periods after December 31, 2022. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our internal controls over financial reporting include those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board; and 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective. This Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. MANAGERS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Summary of the business experience of our executive officers and managers Set forth below are the members of our Board of Managers and executive officers: 

Name Age Managers/Executive Officers R. Michael Lee 64 Chairman of the Board, Chairman of Ministry Partners Securities, Manager Van C. Elliott 85 Corporate Secretary, Audit Committee Chairperson, Manager Joseph W. Turner, Jr. 55 Chief Executive Officer and President, Manager Brian S. Barbre 49 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Darren Thompson 42 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer Juli Anne Lawrence 70 ALCO Committee Chairperson, Credit Committee Chairperson, Manager Jerrod Foresman 54 Manager Guy A. Messick 70 Manager With our conversion from a corporation to a limited liability company on December 31, 2008, we are governed by a Board of Managers that supervises our affairs (hereinafter referred to as the Board ). R. MICHAEL LEE Mr. Lee has served as a member of our Board since January 2009. He was appointed Chairman of the Board in May 2015. Mr. Lee currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and President for KCT Credit Union, in Elgin, Illinois. Previously, Mr. Lee served as Vice President Member Relations for Alloya Corporate Federal Credit Union, President of Midwest Region for Members United Federal Credit Union, Chief Membership Officer for Mid-States Corporate Federal Credit Union, Senior Vice President US Central Federal Credit Union, SVP Corporate Network eCom, SVP Corporate One Federal Credit Union and Vice President of Sales for a national insurance agency. Mr. Lee currently serves on multiple boards of organizations and foundations. Most recently he was nominated through the Office of the Comptroller of Illinois to serve on the commission of Bank On Illinois that is part of a national program that focuses on serving the unbanked/underbanked. From that affiliation, Mr. Lee was asked to be the Chairman of the Illinois Governor s Financial Empowerment Task Force to produce a report with recommendation on how to bring financial education to both K-12 and higher education. Mr. Lee adds special expertise to our Board with his 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 years of service as an executive of a number of large financial institutions. Mr. Lee currently serves as Chairman of the Board, Chairman of our Executive/Governance Committee, and serves as the Chairman of the Board for MP Securities. VAN C. ELLIOTT Mr. Elliott has served as a member of our Board since 1991. He has served as a director for AdelFi Credit union from April 1988 until April, 2022. (except for the periods from March 1997 to March 1998 and March 2004 to March 2005). For multiple years he served as the Board Chair. Mr. Elliott served as Associate Director of the Conservative Baptist Association of Southern California from 1980 to 1994, where he was responsible for the general administrative oversight of the association s activities. Since that time, he has been self-employed as a consultant providing organizational, financial, and fund-raising consultation services to church and church-related organizations. He received his Bachelor s and Master s degrees in mathematics and communications from Purdue University and spent seven years in the computer industry. Mr. Elliott, an ordained minister, holds a Master of Divinity degree from Denver Seminary and has spent fourteen years in local church ministries serving in the area of Christian education and administration. He has completed post-graduate instruction at the College for Financial Planning. Mr. Elliott is a member of the Financial Planning Association and holds the professional credential of Certified Financial Planner. Mr. Elliott brings to our Board his extensive experience as a credit union board member and intimate knowledge of church and ministry financial operations. He serves on our Executive Committee and Credit Committee and is our Audit Committee Chair. JOSEPH W. TURNER, JR. Mr. Turner has served as Chief Executive Officer and President since December 3, 2015 and a non-compensated member of our Board since November 10, 2022. Mr. Turner has also served as the Chief Executive Officer and President for Ministry Partners Securities LLC, the wholly-owned subsidiary of Ministry Partners Investment Company, since February of 2013. Mr. Turner also held the position as Chief Compliance Officer of Ministry Partners Securities LLC until December 14, 2015. During his tenure with the Company, Mr. Turner has led the Company s efforts in transitioning its wholly-owned broker-dealer to a more robust and diverse financial services firm, launching its investment advisory and insurance company activities in addition to overseeing the capital raising efforts related to the Company s proprietary products. Mr. Turner was also instrumental in formalizing strategic partnerships with AdelFi Credit Union (the Company s largest equity owner), America s Christian Credit Union (2nd largest equity owner), and Kane County Teachers Credit Union to provide complimentary financial products and services to their collective members. Prior to joining the Company in 2011, Mr. Turner served in various roles; including Regional Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Executive Officer and President for Strongtower Financial, Inc., a Fresno, California based broker-dealer and advisory firm which 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 specialized in providing investment banking services, mortgage financing for churches and ministries, and investment and insurance products and services. Prior to joining Strongtower in 2007, Mr. Turner served as Managing Director of Principal Financial Group where he led a financial advisory and insurance group. Mr. Turner began his career with Prudential Preferred as an investment advisor in 1990. Mr. Turner received his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Finance degree from California State University, Fresno. Mr. Turner has completed industry leadership training both at Drake University and the Wharton School of Business. Mr. Turner holds the FINRA Series 6, 7, 24, 63, 65, and 51 as well as life, health and disability licenses in over 23 states. Mr. Turner also serves as Chairman of the Board for Christian Care Ministries, Inc., a Melbourne, Florida based public charity CCM ), with nearly 800 employees and 1.1 billion in total revenue, a ministry that encourages and enables Christians to connect with, share their lives, faith, talents, and financial resources with one another through its Medi-Share health care sharing ministry. CCM has current investments in the Company s publicly and privately offered debt securities as well as other products offered by the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, MP Securities. BRIAN S. BARBRE Mr. Barbre has served as the Company s Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer since September 25, 2017. Since December 28, 2018, Mr. Barbre has served as the Treasurer of Ministry Partners for Christ; a private foundation that makes charitable grants to Christian organizations, and looks to provide accounting, consulting, and financial expertise to aid evangelical Christian ministries. Ministry Partners for Christ is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Barbre has previously served as Vice President Finance and Treasurer of AdelFi, the Company s largest equity owner where he led the finance, credit analytics, and participations groups. At AdelFi, Mr. Barbre developed and managed a bond portfolio with over 100 million in assets under management. In addition, Mr. Barbre oversaw the budgeting, liquidity management, and asset liability management of the credit union when it had over one billion in assets. At AdelFi, Mr. Barbre was a member of the Asset Liability Management Committee, Pricing Committee, and attended monthly meetings of the Board of Directors. Mr. Barbre is a Certified Public Accountant and has served as an Adjunct professor at Biola University where he has taught cost accounting and accounting information systems courses. Mr. Barbre holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Magna Cum Laude, from Biola University. In addition, Mr. Barbre holds a Master of Business Administration degree with a finance emphasis from California State University Fullerton where the dean awarded him the Award for Academic Excellence upon graduation. Mr. Barbre holds the FINRA Series 28 license. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 DARREN THOMPSON Mr. Thompson began serving as the Company s Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer on February 28, 2022. Mr. Thompson previously served as the Chief Lending Officer at ACCU and had been with the credit union since 2011. In his role as Chief Lending Officer, Darren oversaw all of lending, including origination, servicing, collection, and loan participations for both consumer and business loans. At ACCU, Mr. Thompson was a member of the Chief Officer Group and the Asset-Liability Committee. He also led the Loan Review Committee and attended monthly meetings of the Board of Directors. Prior to his work at ACCU, he served as a Treasury Funding Trader for Western Corporate Federal Credit Union, assisting in the management of a 32 billion portfolio. JULI ANNE LAWRENCE Mrs. Lawrence has served as a member of our Board since 2007. She is currently a Chief Judge Chatham County Board of Elections and an independent Strategy Consultant. Prior to her current engagement, Mrs. Lawrence served as the Chief Strategy Officer of Raoust + Partners, a Hampton, Virginia based strategic planning and marketing firm for credit unions. Mrs. Lawrence previously also served as Senior Vice President of Research and Development for Western Bancorp in San Jose, California. Prior to that engagement, she served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the National Institute of Health Federal Credit Union, a Rockville, Maryland credit union. Prior to that, she was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of KeyPoint Credit Union, a Silicon Valley California credit union and the President of its subsidiary, KeyPoint Financial Services. Before joining KeyPoint Credit Union, Mrs. Lawrence served as Vice President for Business Development, Marketing and Legislative Affairs from 1988-1995 at Langley Federal Credit Union, a Hampton Roads, Virginia credit union. Prior to joining the credit union industry, Mrs. Lawrence served as the Director of Sales for the US Navy Mid-Atlantic Region, which included the direct responsibility for public relations and sales for all Navy Exchange and Commissary Operations in the Mid-Atlantic States, Europe, Iceland, and Bermuda. Mrs. Lawrence received her Bachelor of Science degree in Community Health and Education from East Carolina University and received a Master s degree in Organizational Development from the University of San Francisco. Mrs. Lawrence served as the Chairwoman on the Board of Directors for the George Washington Institute of Health and Women in BIO. She also previously served as Chair for the Executive Committee of the Open Solutions Client Association and as a Trustee and Chair of the Finance Committee for the International Mission Board of the Southern Baptist Convention. Mrs. Lawrence provides our Board with the benefit of her extensive experience in financial institution operations and technology and especially, her asset-liability management expertise. Mrs. Lawrence serves on the Company s Executive Committee, and as the Chair of our Asset- 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Liability Committee and our Credit Committee. Mrs. Lawrence also serves as the President of Ministry Partners for Christ, a subsidiary of the company. JERROD FORESMAN Mr. Foresman has served as a Company Board Member since May 2012 and MP Securities since November 2018. He is Co-Owner and President of Virtue Financial Advisors, LLC and the Office of Supervisory Jurisdiction (OSJ) Principal for Infinex Investments, Inc., managing bank and credit union investment programs for over 60 branch locations in the mid-west. Formerly serving as President, Chief Compliance Officer and FINOP of Bankers Investors Company Inc., a Registered Broker/Dealer, Investment Advisor and Insurance Agency in Kansas City, Mr. Foresman ran the compliance and operations for 11 years. Bankers Investors Co. provided investment services for seven banks and four credit unions in Missouri and Kansas. Mr. Foresman had been serving as a financial advisor since 1990 and has managed and owned financial advisory/marketing firms specializing in working with credit unions and community banks since 1993. Mr. Foresman attended Missouri State University and is currently studying for additional financial designations from the American College in Bryn Mawr, PA. He is a contributing member of the Wealth Management RIA Board of Advisors, Advisor Confidence Index (ACI) from Rydex. Mr. Foresman holds the FINRA Series 7, 24, 27, 63, 65 and 66 licenses as well as life, health, property casualty insurance licenses. Mr. Foresman serves on the Company s Audit Committee, and on the Board of MP Securities. GUY MESSICK Mr. Messick is retired from the practice of law and the law firm of Messick Lauer Smith P.C. on January 1, 2021. Mr. Messick provided legal and strategic planning services to credit unions and credit union service organizations nationwide for over 30 years. From 1987 to 2020, he served as General Counsel to the National Association of Credit Union Service Organizations. His duties included being NACUSO s liaison with the National Credit Union Administration. Mr. Messick is a nationally known speaker on a wide range of credit union topics. He has presented at conferences sponsored by NACUSO, NCUA, NAFCU, NASCUS, CUNA, CUES, ACUMA, AICPA and various State Leagues. Mr. Messick has lectured on CUSOs at the University of Cork in Ireland and at Pepperdine University. Mr. Messick served on the CUNA Task Force on Investment Services which was the credit union industry s liaison with the Securities and Exchange Commission. He is the author of the Guide for Credit Unions Providing Investment and Insurance Services and Credit Union Collaborations Lessons Learned. Mr. Messick is recognized as a CUSO Pioneer in America s Credit Union Museum in Manchester, New Hampshire. Mr. Messick s legal practice included (a) assisting credit unions to plan and implement collaborative business model solutions that provide financial services and operational services; (b) advocating for clients before regulatory agencies; and (c) facilitating planning sessions. Mr. Messick s board experience includes the Credit Union Network for Financial Literacy (a CUSO providing financial literacy education to children), 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 United Solutions Company (a CUSO providing IT related services), AKUVO (a CUSO providing software and data analysis for lending and collection services), Tyler Arboretum, Media Historic Preservation and the Media Presbyterian Church. Mr. Messick is a graduate of Bucknell University and the University of Miami School of Law. He served as a law clerk to U.S. District Court Judge Morell E. Sharp (Seattle, Washington) from 1977 78. Prior to exclusively serving the credit union industry, Mr. Messick represented local municipalities, a chamber of commerce, economic development agencies, and many small businesses. He was also an assistant district attorney in Delaware County in the appellate division. He is admitted to practice law in Pennsylvania. Mr. Messick serves on our Audit Committee, Asset-Liability Committee and on the Board of MP Securities. Our Board of Managers The Operating Agreement charges our Board and officers with governing and conducting our business and affairs. The Operating Agreement charges our Board with essentially the same duties, obligations, and responsibilities as a board of directors of a corporation. The Board establishes our policies and periodically reviews them and has authorized designated officers and our President the authority to carry out those policies. As of the date of this Prospectus, our Board consists of seven managers, a majority of which are independent managers. Board Committees Our Board may from time to time establish and empower board committees to perform various functions on its behalf. Each committee consists of at least three persons. Currently, the Board has established the following committees: 
 Our Executive Committee is charged with responsibility for determining the President s compensation and undertaking other matters of an executive and strategic oversight nature; Our Audit Committee is chartered to oversee the annual audit of our financial reports, oversee the establishment and maintenance of internal controls and oversee compliance with our Ethics Policy; Our Board Credit Committee is authorized to oversee compliance with our Loan Policy and to review the performance and management of our loan portfolio and to approve loan originations over a certain dollar amount or loans that have fallen outside of the parameters of the Loan Policy; Our Credit Review Committee reviews and implements our Loan Policy and reviews most of the loan applications we receive; 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Our Asset-Liability Committee is chartered to oversee the maintenance of our asset liability strategy and process, as well as our asset liability, liquidity and other policies relating to the mitigation of risks to our earnings and capital; and Our Governance Committee is charged with responsibility for the Board Governance Policies, including our Related Parties Transaction Policy, and with the periodic task of nominating persons for election to the Board. 
 Our Board Chairman On May 14, 2015, the Board of Managers appointed R. Michael Lee, to serve as Chairman of the Board of Managers. Prior to Mr. Lee s appointment, Mark Holbrook served as our Board Chairman since the Company s inception. Mr. Holbrook also served as our Chief Executive Officer from inception of the Company until February 17, 2011. Code of Ethics On November 6, 2009, our Board adopted a Code of Ethics for our principal officers and members of the Board. On February 26, 2018, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, Joseph Turner, was appointed to the Board of Directors for CCM. CCM currently maintains a business relationship with MP Securities and the Company, holds investments in the Company s debt securities and has purchased other investment products made available through MP Securities. Mr. Turner currently serves as Chairman of the CCM Board of Directors. The Company s Board of Managers reviewed Mr. Turner s appointment to the CCM Board of Directors as Chair of the Board and concluded that the appointment was made in compliance with the Company s Code of Ethics. Audit Committee As authorized within the operating agreement for Ministry Partners Investment Company LLC, the Board of Managers established the Audit Committee in 2005 with the adoption of its formal charter. The primary purpose of the Audit Committee, as designated in its formal charter, is to oversee the Company s accounting policies and practice, financial reporting procedures and audits of the Company s financial statements. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Audit Committee comprises three members, including Guy Messick, Van Elliott, and Jerrod Foresman. Mr. Elliott, Certified Financial Planner and church leadership consultant, is Chairman of the Audit Committee and Corporate Secretary of the overall Board of Managers. Mr. Elliott brings extensive experience as a credit union board member and has intimate knowledge of the Company s financial operations as he has served as the Company s Interim Chief Executive Officer on several occasions over the last 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 29 years since the Company s inception. Mr. Foresman has nearly 29 years of experience in the financial services industry as an Executive, Compliance Officer, and Operations Principal. His knowledge of the financial operations of broker-dealers, advisory firms, and insurance agencies benefits the Audit Committee in its role of overseeing the operations of both the Company and MP Securities, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary. Mr. Messick, retired from the practice of law and the law firm of Messick Lauer Smith P.C., and has provided legal and strategic planning services to credit unions and credit union service organizations nationwide for over 30 years. His extensive experience in helping create and consult with CUSOs benefits the Audit Committee. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE AND BOARD OF MANAGER COMPENSATION Executive Compensation The following table sets forth certain information regarding compensation we paid for services rendered to us during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by our senior executive officers. Summary Annual Compensation Table 

2022 2021 Name Principal Position Salary Bonus All Other Compensation (1) Salary Bonus All Other Compensation (1) Joseph W. Turner President and Chief Executive Officer 312,741 140,466 36,862 302,527 133,825 34,892 Brian S. Barbre Sr. Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 195,463 40,000 56,769 199,506 39,500 47,174 Darren M. Thompson Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer 165,385 1,000 26,365 Michael R. Boblit (2) Vice-President, Corporate Lending 132,563 31,256 

 (1) This includes the aggregate amount we contributed to the Company s 401(k) retirement plan, for medical benefits, and life and disability insurance for the Company s officers in each year. (2) Mr. Boblit resigned from his position effective November 5, 2021. 

 69 

Table of Contents 
 Board of Managers Compensation The following table provides a summary of the compensation paid to our Managers for the year ended December 31, 2022: Summary Annual Compensation Table 

Name Principal Position Compensation (1) Michael Lee Chairman of the Board of Managers 22,750 Van Elliott Secretary and Manager 17,500 Juli Anne Lawrence Manager 17,500 Jerrod Foresman Manager 12,750 Mendell Thompson (Retired on June 22, 2022) Manager 6,750 Guy Messick Manager 16,250 

 (1) During each year, we accrue amounts for each Manager s service on the Board. In February 2014, the Board approved the payment of compensation grants to Managers of the Board for rendering services to the Company. Under the grants approved by the Board, each Manager will receive a cash grant for serving on the Board, and will receive additional amounts for attendance at each Board meeting and for serving as a Chairperson or member of one of our Board Committees. In addition, we reimburse each Manager for expenses incurred in performing duties on our behalf. Compensation awards for our Managers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 94 thousand and 69 thousand, respectively. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED MEMBER MATTERS The following table sets forth information available to us, as of December 31, 2022, with respect to our Class A Units owned by each of our executive officers and our managers, and by our managers and executive officers as a group, and by each person who is known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5.0 of our Class A Units. 

Name Address Beneficial Ownership Percentage Owned (1) R. Michael Lee 915 W. Imperial Hwy., Suite 120 Brea, CA 92821 Van C. Elliott 915 W. Imperial Hwy., Suite 120 Brea, CA 92821 Juli Anne Lawrence 915 W. Imperial Hwy., Suite 120 Brea, CA 92821 Jerrod L. Foresman 915 W. Imperial Hwy., Suite 120 Brea, CA 92821 Guy A. Messick 915 W. Imperial Hwy., Suite 120 Brea, CA 92821 Joseph W. Turner, Jr. 915 W. Imperial Hwy., Suite 120 Brea, CA 92821 Brian S. Barbre 915 W. Imperial Hwy., Suite 120 Brea, CA 92821 Darren M. Thompson 915 W. Imperial Hwy., Suite 120 Brea, CA 92821 All officers and members of the Board as a group Other 5 or greater beneficial owners (seven): 

Beneficial Percentage Name Ownership Owned (1) AdelFi Credit Union 62,000 42.31 America s Christian Credit Union 12,000 8.19 Navy Federal Credit Union (2) NFCU 11,905 8.13 UNIFY Financial Credit Union UFCU 11,905 8.13 Wescom Credit Union 11,905 8.13 Credit Union of Southern California 11,900 8.12 Keypoint Credit Union 8,000 5.46 

 (1) Based on 146,522 Class A Units outstanding. (2) NFCU is a non-voting equity member in the Company, but holds a beneficial interest in 11,905 Class A Common Units. As the holder of an economic interest in the Company, NFCU holds a beneficial interest in the Company. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The following table provides disclosures required by Regulation S-K Item 404 and Item 407(a), Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 

Transactions by related parties in the amount that exceeds 120,000 (dollars in thousands) Amount of transaction Related Party Name Related Interest Transaction description 2022 2021 Mendell Thompson Former Manager of the Company Purchase of the company s notes 1,121 Mike Lee Chairman of the Board of Managers Purchase of the company s notes 673 Brian Barbre Officer of the Company Purchase of the company s notes 145 AdelFi 43.1 equity owner Total funds held on deposit at AdelFi 443 3,797 AdelFi 43.1 equity owner Rent expense on lease agreement with AdelFi 146 146 ACCU 8.19 equity owner Total funds held on deposit at ACCU 246 4,083 ACCU 8.19 equity owner Loan participations sold to ACCU and serviced by the Company 1,000 ACCU 8.19 equity owner Draws on ACCU line of credit 3,000 2,000 KCTCU The Company s Board Chair serves as the Chief Executive Officer and President of KCTCU Loan participations sold to KCTCU and serviced by the Company 56 2,847 KCTCU The Company s Board Chair serves as the Chief Executive Officer and President of KCTCU Draws on KCTCU line of credit 2,000 3,825 UFCU 8.13 equity owner Loan participations sold to UFCU and serviced by the Company 4,275 NFCU 8.13 equity owner Loan participations sold to NFCU and serviced by the Company 4,872 4,991 ACCU Line of Credit On September 23, 2021, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with ACCU for a 5.0 million short-term demand credit facility. The line of credit facility has maturity date of September 23, 2023. The interest rate on the facility is equal to the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal plus 75 basis points. As of December 31, 2022 the interest rate was 4.00 . The highest amount outstanding was 5.0 million and the current amount outstanding as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.0 million. The Company made 2.0 million in principal payments during the year. 99.7 thousand in interest expense was incurred on the ACCU LOC for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 KCTCU Line of Credit On September 30, 2020, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with KCT. The KCT LOC is a 7.0 million short-term demand facility with a maturity date ending September 30, 2022. The highest outstanding balance during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.0 million. The balance had been paid off by June 6, 2022. The Company incurred interest expense of 14.6 thousand on the KCT LOC for the year ended December 31, 2022. On June 6, 2022, the Company and KCT mutually agreed to terminate this facility and entered into two new facilities. The first facility, the KCT Warehouse LOC, is a 5.0 million short-term demand credit facility with a one-year maturity date of June 6, 2023. The second facility, the KCT Operating LOC, is also a 5.0 million short-term demand credit facility with a one-year maturity date of June 6, 2023. The interest rate on both facilities is equal to the United States Prime Rate plus 0.50 at the time of the draw. The interest rate was 8.00 on December 31, 2022. The Company did not draw on either line between June 6, 2022 and December 31, 2022. Related Party Transaction Policy The Board has adopted a Related Party Transaction Policy to assist in evaluating transactions the Company may enter into with a related party. Under this policy, a majority of the members of the Company s Board and majority of its independent Board members must approve a material transaction that it enters into with a related party. As a result, all transactions that the Company undertakes with an affiliate or a related party are entered into on terms believed by management to be no less favorable than are available from unaffiliated third parties. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Before we engage our principal accountant to render audit or non-audit services, our Audit Committee approves the engagement if SEC rules and regulations require it. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 The aggregate fees billed by our accounting firm, Hutchinson and Bloodgood LLP, for the years ended December 31 were as follows: 

2022 2021 Audit and audit-related fees 122,000 122,000 Tax fees 15,050 12,500 All other fees 2,600 Total 139,650 134,500 Our Audit Committee has considered whether the provision of the non-audit services described above is compatible with maintaining our auditors independence and determined that such services are appropriate. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Articles of Organization - Conversion of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC, dated as of December 31, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 22, 2008.) 3.2 Operating Agreement of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC, dated as of December 31, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 22, 2008.) 3.3 Plan of Conversion of Ministry Partners Investment Corporation, dated September 18, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 22, 2008.) 3.4 Series A Preferred Unit Certificate of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC, dated as of December 31, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 22, 2008.) 3.5 First Amendment to the Operating Agreement of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC, effective as of February 11, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to the Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on March 31, 2010.) 3.6 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of the Powers, Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Units, effective as of May 22, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on May 23, 2013.) 10.6 Office Lease, dated November 4, 2008, by and between Ministry Partners Investment Corporation and Evangelical Christian Credit Union (Incorporated by reference to the Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on April 14, 2009) 10.9 Form of Individual Manager Indemnification Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company on June 24, 2011.) 10.19 Employment Agreement by and between Ministry Partners Securities, LLC and Joseph Turner dated May 5, 2016 . (Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on May 11, 2016.) 10.23 Networking Agreement by and between Ministry Partners Securities, LLC and America s Christian Credit Union dated July 30, 2014 and Addendum related thereto dated December 1, 2016. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 on Form S-1 filed by the Company on December 8, 2017.) 10.33 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release of All Claims by and between Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and OSK VII, LLC dated September 24, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 30, 2020.) 10.35 Trust Indenture by and between Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee dated January 6, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1, Exhibit A to Form S-1/A filed by the Company on January 6, 2021.) 10.36 Managing Broker Dealer Agreement by and between Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and Ministry Partners Securities, LLC, dated January 8, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1/A filed by the Company on January 6, 2021.) 10.38 Master Loan Participation Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and America s Christian Credit Union, dated August 9, 2021 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 (Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 12. 2021.) 10.39 Loan Agreement by and between Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and America s Christian Credit Union, dated September 23, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 28, 2021.) 10.40 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 6, 2022.) 10.41 Warehouse Line of Credit Loan and Security Agreement by and between Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and Kane County Teacher s Credit Union dated June 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 9, 2022.) 10.42 Operating Line of Credit Loan and Security Agreement by and between Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and Kane County Teacher s Credit Union dated June 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 9, 2022.) 10.44 Amendment No. 1 to 2021 Class A Notes Trust Indenture Dated January 6, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A filed in Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form POS AM filed by the Company on October 28, 2022.) 10.45 Servicing Agreement between the Company and AmeriNational Community Services, LLC effective as of February 14, 2023. (Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 21, 2023.) 10.46 Administrative Services Agreement by and between Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and Ministry Partners Securities, LLC dated February 8, 2023 14.1 Code of Ethics for Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC, effective as of February 11, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to the Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on March 31, 2010) 21.1 List of Subsidiaries ) 23.1 Consent of Hutchinson and Bloodgood LLP ) 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15(d)-14(a) ) 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15(d)-14(a) ) 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ) 101.ins XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.sch XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.def XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.cal XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.lab XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.pre XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

 Filed herewith. Furnished, not filed, herewith. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC Dated: March 24, 2023 By: /s/ Joseph W. Turner Joseph W. Turner, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC Dated: March 24, 2023 By: /s/ Brian. S. Barbre Brian S. Barbre, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Chief Executive Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Each person whose signature appears below on this Form 10-K hereby constitutes and appoints Joseph W. Turner, Jr., as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities (until revoked in writing) to sign this Report of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ R. Michael Lee Chairman of the Board of Managers March 24, 2023 R. Michael Lee by Joseph W. Turner, Jr, his attorney-in-fact /s/ Joseph W. Turner, Jr Chief Executive Officer, President March 24, 2023 Joseph W. Turner, Jr /s/ Brian S. Barbre Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Principal March 24, 2023 Brian S. Barbre Accounting Officer /s/ Van C. Elliott Secretary, Manager March 24, 2023 Van C. Elliott by Joseph W. Turner, Jr, his attorney-in-fact /s/ Juli Anne S. Lawrence Manager March 24, 2023 Juli Anne S. Lawrence by Joseph W. Turner, Jr, her attorney-in-fact /s/ Jerrod L. Foresman Manager March 24, 2023 Jerrod L. Foresman by Joseph W. Turner, Jr, his attorney-in-fact /s/ Jeffrey T. Lauridsen Manager March 24, 2023 Jeffrey T. Lauridsen by Joseph W. Turner, Jr, his attorney-in-fact /s/ Guy A. Messick Manager March 24, 2023 Guy A. Messick by Joseph W. Turner, Jr, his attorney-in-fact 
 78 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 tmb-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 1. Ministry Partners Funding, LLC 2. MP Realty Services, Inc. 3. Ministry Partners Securities, LLC 4. Ministry Partners for Christ, Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 tmb-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Managers Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC Brea, California We hereby consent to the use, in the Form 10-K for Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and Subsidiaries for 2022, of our issued report dated March 24, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years then ended. /s/Hutchinson and Bloodgood LLP Glendale, California March 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 tmb-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Joseph W. Turner, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC (the Company 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) for the Company and we have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Company s managers (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 By: /s/ Joseph W. Turner Joseph W. Turner, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 tmb-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Brian S. Barbre, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC (the Company 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) for the Company and we have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Company s managers (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 By: /s/ Brian S. Barbre Brian S. Barbre, Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 tmb-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, in his or her capacity as an officer of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC, (the Company that, to his or her knowledge, this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of such period and the results of operations of the Company for such period. 

Date: March 24, 2023 By: /s/ Joseph W. Turner Joseph W. Turner, Chief Executive Officer Date: March 24, 2023 By: /s/ Brian S. Barbre Brian S. Barbre, Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tmb-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tmb-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tmb-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tmb-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tmb-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

