<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1937891_0001493152-23-010328.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3772275</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>471504</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>709448</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1149733</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>661233</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>699983</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010328.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331163125
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010328
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AlphaVest Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001937891
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41574
		FILM NUMBER:		23788334

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 LEXINGTON AVE, SUITE 2446
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10170
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-353-8978

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 LEXINGTON AVE, SUITE 2446
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10170

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010328.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the year ended , 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A 
 
 (State
 or Other Jurisdiction 
 of
 Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 , 
 
 N/A 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (zip
 code) 

- 

 (Issuer s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbols 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the Registrant s common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates
of the Registrant, as of the last day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . The Registrant s
units began trading on December 30, 2022. 

As
of March 28, 2023, there were 
shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 issued and outstanding. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
annual report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including
the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, 
 may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, 
or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that
actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating
to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current
or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially
due to various factors, including, but not limited to our: 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance following our Initial Public Offering. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described in the section of this Form 10-K entitled Risk
Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update
or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required
under applicable securities laws. 

By
their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that
may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that
our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ
materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report. In addition, even if our
results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the
forward-looking statements contained in this annual report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments
in subsequent periods. 

i 

ALPHAVEST
ACQUISITION CORP 

 FORM
10-K 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 62 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 
 62 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 62 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 62 

PART II 

63 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 63 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 
 64 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 64 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 67 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 68 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 68 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 
 68 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 
 68 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 68 

PART III 

69 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 69 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 
 75 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 76 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 77 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 79 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 80 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 81 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, 
and our refer to AlphaVest Acquisition Corp. 

General 

AlphaVest
Acquisition Corp is a blank check company incorporated on January 14, 2022, as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
(a Business Combination ). We may pursue an acquisition or a business combination with a target in any business or industry
that can benefit from the expertise and capabilities of our management team. Our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses
will not be limited to a particular geographic region, although we intend to primarily focus on businesses in Asia. We have generated
no revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues at the earliest until we consummate our Business Combination.
The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early
stage and emerging growth companies. 

On
February 7, 2022, our AlphaVest Holding, LP (our Sponsor acquired 1,725,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price
of 25,000, which represents 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after our initial public offering (as defined below). 

We
also issued an aggregate of 125,000 founder shares to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (the EBC founder shares on July 11, 2022
for an aggregate purchase price of 1,750. The EBC founder shares were deemed to be underwriters compensation by FINRA pursuant
to Rule 5110 of the FINRA Manual. The EBC founder shares cannot be sold, transferred or assigned (except to the same permitted transferees
as the founder shares and provided the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the founder
shares must agree to, each as described herein) until the consummation of an initial business combination. 

As
of the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity for the year ended December 31, 2022
relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering or IPO and identifying a target for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of its Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the
proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The
registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on December 19, 2022 (the
 Registration Statement ). On December 22, 2022 the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 6,000,000 units
(the Units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the Units sold, the Public
Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 60,000,000. Unit consists of one share of common stock of the
Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common stock and one right (the Rights ), with each Right
entitling the holder thereof to receive one-tenth of one share of Common Stock. Additionally, on December 29, 2022, the underwriters fully
exercised the over-allotment option and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional Units. The total aggregate issuance
by the Company of 900,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit resulted in total gross proceeds of 9,000,000. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of private sale of 365,000 units (the Private
Placement Units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, and 25,000 Private Placement Units to
EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. EBC generating gross proceeds to the Company of 3,900,000. In connection with the underwriter s
exercise of their over-allotment option, on December 29, 2022, the Company sold 37,904 Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, at a purchase
price of 10.00 per Private Purchase Unit, and an additional 2,596 Private Placement Units to EBC, at a purchase price of 10.00 per
Private Purchase Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of 405,000. 

1 

Of
the proceeds the Company received from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units, 70,380,000 10.20
per public share) was deposited into a U.S.-based trust account at UBS with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting
as trustee, with approximately 550,000 being used to pay fees and expenses in connection with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, including underwriting commissions, and an estimated 650,000 being available for working capital following the Initial
Public Offering. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to the Company
to pay its tax obligations, the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units that are
deposited in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest to occur of (a) the completion of our
initial business combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to
amend our amended and restated articles of association (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (or up to 18 months, if we extend the time to
complete a business combination) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
business combination activity and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination
within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (or up to 18 months, if we extend the time to complete a business
combination), subject to applicable law. 

Since
our IPO, our sole business activity has been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. The outbreak of
the COVID-19 coronavirus has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide,
and potential target companies may defer or end discussions for a potential business combination with us whether or not COVID-19 affects
their business operations. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and
the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. 

Our
Management Team 

For
more information on the experience and background of our management team, see the section entitled Management. 

Business
Strategy 

We
will seek to capitalize on the strength of our management team. Our team consists of experienced financial services, accounting, and
legal professionals, and senior operating executives of companies operating in multiple jurisdictions. Collectively, our officers and
directors have decades of experience in mergers and acquisitions and in operating companies. We believe that their prior accomplishments
and current activities will be critical in identifying attractive acquisition opportunities, and that, in turn, the businesses that we
identify will be able to benefit from accessing the U.S. capital markets and the expertise and network of our management team. However,
there is no assurance that we will complete an initial business combination. Our officers and directors have no prior experience consummating
an initial business combination for a blank check company. 

There
is no restriction on the geographic location of the targets that we can pursue, although we intend to initially focus on target businesses
in Asia. In particular, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination target on private companies in Asia that have
compelling economics, clear paths to positive operating cash flow, significant assets, and successful management teams that are seeking
access to the U.S. public capital markets. 

As
an emerging market, Asia has experienced remarkable growth. The Asian economy has experienced sustained expansion in recent years. We
believe that Asia is entering a new era of economic growth, which we expect will result in attractive initial business combination opportunities
for us. We believe the growth will primarily be driven by private sector expansion, technological innovation, increasing consumption
by the middle class, structural economic and policy reforms and demographic changes, particularly in China. 

The
development of private equity and venture capital activities in Asia also provides us opportunities. According to the Asia-Pacific Private
Equity Report 2022 issued by Bain Company, Asia-Pacific private equity investors closed a record number of deals in 2021. Furthermore,
the report states that investment and exit value set new highs for the region, and fund-raising rose slightly over 2020. Deal value increased
significantly to a record 296 billion, up 50 over 2020 and 82 over the previous five-year average. 

2 

Acquisition
Criteria 

Our
management team intends to focus on creating shareholder value by leveraging its experience in the management, operation, and financing
of businesses to improve the efficiency of operations while implementing strategies to scale revenue organically and/or through acquisitions.
We have identified the following general criteria and guidelines, which we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses.
While we intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines
should we see justification to do so. 

Strong
 Management Team that Can Create Significant Value for Target Business . We will seek to identify companies with strong and experienced
 management teams that will complement the operating and investment abilities of our management team. We believe we can provide a
 platform for the existing management team to leverage the experience of our management team. We also believe that the operating expertise
 of our management team is well suited to complement many potential targets management teams. 

Revenue
 and Earnings Growth Potential . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue
 and earnings growth through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction
 and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. 

Potential
 for Strong Free Cash Flow Generation . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential to generate strong,
 stable, and increasing free cash flow, particularly businesses with predictable revenue streams and definable low working capital
 and capital expenditure requirements. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order to enhance shareholder value. 

Benefit
 from Being a Public Company . We intend to only acquire a business or businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded
 and which can effectively utilize access to broader sources of capital and a public profile that are associated with being a publicly
 traded company. 

These
criteria do not intend to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based,
to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, and criteria that our sponsor and management
team may deem relevant. 

Initial
Business Combination 

We
will have up to 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering to consummate an initial business combination. However, if
we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may, by resolution of our Board
of Directors and if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time we will have to consummate an initial business combination up
to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering), provided
that, pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to be entered
into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company on December 19, 2022, in order for the time available for us to consummate
our initial business combination to be extended, our sponsor or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior
to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 690,000, (or 0.10 per share) for each extension, on or prior to the
date of the applicable deadline. Our public shareholders will not be entitled to vote or redeem their shares in connection with any such
extension. In the event that our sponsor elects to extend the time to complete an initial business combination, pay the additional amounts
per each extension, and deposit the applicable amount of money into trust, our sponsor will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured
promissory note in the amount of any such deposit, which will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close an initial business
combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor
five days prior to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such
intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable
deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated
to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our
initial business combination within such time period, we will, as promptly as possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter,
redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion
of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, and then seek to dissolve
and liquidate. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over
the claims of our public shareholders. In the event of our dissolution and liquidation, the private units will expire and be worthless. 

3 

Our
initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least
80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding income interest earned on the Trust Account and released to us to pay taxes) at
the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair
market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

The
net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private units released to us from the trust account upon the closing
of our initial business combination may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete our initial
business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released
from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemption
of our public shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate
purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest
due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

In
addition, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination to be
used following the closing for general corporate purposes as described above. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through
the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business
combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following consummation of our
Initial Public Offering. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously
with the completion of our initial business combination. We have granted EBC a right of first refusal under certain circumstances for
a period commencing from the consummation of our Initial Public Offering until the consummation of our initial business combination (or
the liquidation of the trust account in the event that we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the prescribed time
period) to act as book running manager, placement agent and/or arranger for all financings where we seek to raise equity, equity-linked,
debt or mezzanine financings relating to or in connection with an initial business combination. We are otherwise not a party to any arrangement
or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. None
of our initial shareholders are required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination.
We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination to fund our working capital needs and transaction
costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination. 

Our
Acquisition Process 

We
intend to utilize the expertise of our managements respective platforms to evaluate potential targets strengths, weaknesses,
and to identify the relative risk and return profile of any potential target for our initial business combination. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has contractual obligations to other entities, and any of them in the future may have additional
fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities including other special purpose acquisition companies, or SPACs 
pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present an initial business combination opportunity. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which
he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity. 

4 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered
to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or
officer of our company and such opportunity is one that we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be
reasonable for us to pursue. 

Our
officers have agreed that they will not become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company that has publicly
filed a registration statement for its initial public offering unless and until we enter into a definitive agreement regarding our initial
business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial
Public Offering (or up to 18 months, if we extend the time to complete an initial business combination). 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess
greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our
available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore,
our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available
to us for our initial business combination and may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. This may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at 420 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2446, New York NY, 10170. The cost for our use of this space
is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay to our sponsor for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative services.
We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We
currently have two officers and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they intend to devote as
much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time
that any such person will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business
combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

We
will register our units, Common stock and rights under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual
reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public auditors. 

We
will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may
be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, U.S. GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with PCAOB standards. These financial statement requirements may limit
the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time
for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time frame. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation
will be material. 

5 

We
will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth
company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity
to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We
filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC on December 16, 2022 to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12
of the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current
intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation
of our initial business combination. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of our Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates
equals or exceeds 700,000,000 as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion
in non- convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock
held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues
equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
equals or exceeds 700,000,000 as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

Legal
Proceedings 

There
is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team
in their capacity as such. 

6 

Risk
Factors Summary 

We
are a newly incorporated company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business
combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision whether to invest in our securities,
you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company. 

Since
we may initiate a business combination with a target company operating in China, we may be subject to additional risk factors.
These include significant regulatory, liquidity, and enforcement risks. For example, we face risks arising from the legal system in
China, including risks and uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws and that rules and regulations in China can change
quickly with little advance notice. In addition, the Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time or
exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, which could result in a
material change in our operations and/or the value of our common stock. Any actions by the Chinese government to exert more
oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers could
significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of
such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. For a detailed description of the risks relating to acquiring and
operating a target business in China, see Please see Risks Related to Our Possible Business Combination in China and
 Risks Related to Acquiring and Operating a Business Outside of the United States for more information. 

You
should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. Such
risks include, but are not limited to: 

Risks
Related to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

Our
 public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete
 our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares
 and private shares in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Your
 only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of
 your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the initial business combination. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to
 complete the most desirable initial business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

Our
 search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate an initial business combination, may
 be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist
 legislation in our target markets. 

The
 requirement that we complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our IPO (or up to 18 months, if
 we extend the time to complete an initial business combination) may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating
 an initial business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential initial business combination targets
 as we approach our dissolution deadline. 

We
 may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations
 except for the purpose of winding up. 

You
 will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your
 investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or rights potentially at a loss. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
 and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our common stock, you will lose the
 ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our common stock. 

Because
 of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us
 to complete our initial business combination and our rights will expire worthless. 

We
 may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

7 

Although
 we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we
 may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines. 

Because
 we are not limited to a particular industry, sector, or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business
 combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

Our
 ability to complete a business combination may be impacted by the fact that our sponsor s major shareholder, Pengfei Zheng,
 is a non-U.S. person, and a majority of our officers and directors are located in, or have significant ties to, China. This may make
 us a less attractive partner to potential target companies outside the PRC, thereby limiting our pool of acquisition candidates and
 making it harder for us to complete an initial business combination with a non-China-based target company. For example, we may not
 be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company since such initial business combination may be subject
 to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity, such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the
 United States (CFIUS), or ultimately prohibited. 

Risks
Related to Our Securities 

We
 may issue additional common stock or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
 plan after completion of our initial business combination, which would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present
 other risks. 

The
 grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination,
 and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Risks
Related to Our Management 

Our
 officers and directors may allocate their time to other businesses and may become officers or directors of any other special purpose
 acquisition companies, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs
 and whether to present potential target to us instead of to our competitors. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact
 on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our
 initial shareholders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We
 are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage
 of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, this could
 make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

Post
Business Combination Risks 

Our
 management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance
 that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications, or abilities necessary to
 profitably operate such business. 

We
 may seek acquisition opportunities with an early-stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
 record of revenue or earnings. 

8 

Risks
Related to Acquiring and Operating a Business Outside of the United States 

Because of the costs and difficulties inherent in managing
cross-border business operations, our results of operations may be negatively impacted. 

Many countries have difficult and unpredictable legal systems
and underdeveloped laws and regulations that are unclear and subject to corruption and inexperience, which may adversely impact our results
of operations and financial condition. 

We may face additional and distinctive risks if we acquire
a business in certain industries, such as technology. 

If we effect our initial business combination with a business
located in the PRC, the laws applicable to such business will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to
enforce our legal rights. 

PRC
 regulations relating to offshore investment activities by PRC residents may limit our ability to inject capital in our Chinese subsidiaries
 and Chinese subsidiaries ability to change their registered capital or distribute profits to us or otherwise expose us or
 our PRC resident beneficial owners to liability and penalties under PRC laws. 

Certain
 existing or future U.S. laws and regulations may restrict or eliminate our ability to complete an initial business combination with
 certain companies, particularly those target companies in China. 

If
 any dividend is declared in the future and paid in a foreign currency, you may be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. 

If
 we effect an initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company
 will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

Changes
 in the policies, regulations, rules, and the enforcement of laws of the PRC government may occur quickly with little advance notice
 and could have a significant impact upon our ability to operate profitably in the PRC. 

The
 Chinese government may intervene in and influence the manner in which our post-combination entity must conduct its business activities
 in ways that we cannot expect when we enter into a definitive agreement with a target company with major operation in China which
 could result in a material change in our operations of the combined company and/or the value of our securities, and could significantly
 limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of our securities
 to significantly decline or become worthless. If the Chinese government establishes some new policies, regulations, rules, or laws
 affecting the industries that our post-combination entity is in, it may materially and adversely affect our operations and the value
 of our common stock. 

Chinese
 government agencies may exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based
 issuers. Additional compliance procedures and approvals may be required in connection with our Initial Public Offering and our initial
 business combination process, and, if required, we cannot predict whether we will be able to obtain such approval. As a result, both
 you and us face uncertainty about future actions by the PRC government that could significantly affect our ability to offer or continue
 to offer securities to investors and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

In
 light of recent events indicating greater oversight by the Cybersecurity Administration of Chine (the CAC over data security, particularly for companies seeking to list on
 a foreign exchange, some internet and technology companies may not be willing to list on a U.S. exchange or enter into a definitive
 business combination agreement with us. Further, we may also have to avoid an initial business combination with a company with more
 than one million users personal information in China due to the limited timeline for us to complete a business combination. 

Governmental
 control of currency conversion may affect the value of your investment. 

9 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Form 10-K in evaluating us and our capital stock. Any of
the following risks, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, and could, in turn, impact the trading price
of our capital stock. 

Risks
Related to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability
to achieve our business objective. 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company with no operating results, and as of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our
business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements
or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our business combination.
If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of 483,935 .
Further, we expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for
capital through our Initial Public Offering are discussed in the section of this Form 10-K titled Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business
combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to
consummate our Initial Public Offering or our inability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our
initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may not hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder
approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other
legal reasons. Except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination
or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based
on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to
seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public
shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial
business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Unlike
many other blank check companies in which the initial shareholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority
of the votes cast by the public shareholders in connection with an initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed
to vote their founder shares and private shares, as well as any public shares purchased during or after our Initial Public Offering,
in favor of our initial business combination. 

As
a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 2,462,346, or 35.7 , of the 6,900,000 public shares
sold in our Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination
approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted and the EBC founder shares are voted in favor of a business combination) or (ii)
167,221, or 2.4 of the 6,900,000 public shares sold in our Initial Public Offering and EBC founder shares to be voted in favor of an
initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming that only the minimum number of shares
representing a quorum are voted). Our founder shares and private shares represent 23.2 of our outstanding common stock. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination,
it is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than would be the case if our initial shareholders agreed
to vote their founder shares and private shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public shareholders. 

10 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the business combination. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more
target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders
may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, if we do
not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may
be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our
tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that
we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not
be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, we
will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately
prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that
we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may
be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption
requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon completion of our initial
business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition, each as described above, we would not proceed with
such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets
will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase
price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account
to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption
than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account
or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence
of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business
combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

11 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your share. 

If
our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price or requires
us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased.
If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate
the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your share in the open market; however, at such
time our share may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material
loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to
sell your share in the open market. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation
in our target markets. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the
business of any potential target business with which we may consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected.
Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the
ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable
to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. In addition, countries or supranational organizations in our target markets
may develop and implement legislation that makes it more difficult or impossible for entities outside such countries or target markets
to acquire or otherwise invest in companies or businesses deemed essential or otherwise vital. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our
search for and ability to consummate a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat
its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of
time, and result in protectionist sentiments and legislation in our target markets, our ability to consummate a business combination,
or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.
In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be
impacted by COVID-19 and other events. 

If
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years and especially since the fourth quarter of 2020, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed
has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business
combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as
well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require
more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
addition, if there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate
targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and
consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable
to our investors altogether. 

12 

Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. The premiums
charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be
no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

The
increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage
as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity will likely need to incur greater expense, accept less
favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact
on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In
addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential
liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order
to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to
any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination
entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

Our
sponsor has the right to extend the term we have to consummate our initial business combination up to 18 months from the closing of our
Initial Public Offering without providing our shareholders with a corresponding redemption right. 

We
will have up to 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering to consummate an initial business combination. However, if
we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may, by resolution of our Board
of Directors, if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time we will have to consummate an initial business combination up to
two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering), provided
that, pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to be entered
into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company on December 22, 2022, in order for the time available for us to consummate
our initial business combination to be extended, our sponsor or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior
to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 690,000 (or 0.10 per share) for each extension, on or prior to the
date of the applicable deadline. Our public shareholders will not be entitled to vote or redeem their shares in connection with any such
extension. 

In
the event that our sponsor elects to extend the time to complete a business combination, pay the additional amounts per each extension,
and deposit the applicable amount of money into trust, our sponsor will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal
to the amount of any such deposit and payment that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination
unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor five days prior
to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least
three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing
whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account
to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination
within such time period, we will, as promptly as possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100 of our outstanding
public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the
funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. However,
we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public
shareholders. In the event of our dissolution and liquidation, the rights and private units will expire and be worthless. 

13 

The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination
targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that
would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete
our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or if we decide to extend the period
of time to consummate our business combination, within 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (as further described
in this Form 10-K). Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination,
knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete
our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above.
In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would
have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may only
receive 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our rights will expire worthless. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we must complete our initial business combination within 12
months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or we may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate
our business combination up to two times by an additional three months each time, for a total of up to 18 months (as further described
in this Form 10-K). We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within
such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility
in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination within
such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our
public shareholders may only receive 10.20 per share or less in certain circumstances, and our rights will expire worthless. In certain
circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See 
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors in this section. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and their affiliates may elect to purchase
shares or rights from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float 
of our common stock or rights. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase
public shares or rights in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our
initial business combination, although they are under no obligation or duty to do so. Any price paid for such securities may be less
than the amount a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination.
Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no
longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors,
executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders
who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections
to redeem their shares. It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18 would apply to purchases by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors
or any of their affiliates, then such purchases will comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, to the extent it applies, which
provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain conditions, including with respect to timing, pricing and volume of purchases. 

14 

Additionally,
at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material
nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may enter into transactions with
investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business
combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions
and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase
public shares or rights in such transactions. 

The
purpose of any such transactions could be to (1) increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination
by purchasing shares from holders that would have voted against a proposed transaction (as those shares would no longer be voted on the
proposed transaction), (2) reduce the number of rights outstanding and/or increase the likelihood of approval on any matters submitted
to the rights holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion
of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our securities may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders
of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the
extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Additionally, in the event our sponsor, directors, executive officers,
advisors or their affiliates were to purchase shares or rights from public shareholders, such purchases would be structured in compliance
with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act including, in pertinent part, through adherence to the following: 

our
 registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would disclose the possibility that our sponsor,
 directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase shares or rights from public shareholders outside
 the redemption process, along with the purpose of such purchases; 

if
 our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates were to purchase shares or rights from public shareholders,
 they would do so at a price no higher than the price offered through our redemption process; 

our
 registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would include a representation that any of
 our securities purchased by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not be voted in
 favor of approving the business combination transaction; 

our
 sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not possess any redemption rights with respect
 to our securities or, if they do acquire and possess redemption rights, they would waive such rights; and 

we
 would disclose in a Form 8-K, before our security holder meeting to approve the business combination transaction, the following material
 items: 

the
 amount of our securities purchased outside of the redemption offer by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any
 of their affiliates, along with the purchase price; 

the
 purpose of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates; 

the
 impact, if any, of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates on the likelihood
 that the business combination transaction will be approved; 

the
 identities of our security holders who sold to our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates (if
 not purchased on the open market) or the nature of our security holders (e.g., 5 security holders) who sold to our sponsor, directors,
 executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates; and 

the
 number of our securities for which we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our common stock or public rights and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our
securities on a national securities exchange. 

15 

If
a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails
to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination.
Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder
may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable,
that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures
that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our public shareholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or up to two
business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to
deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures,
its shares may not be redeemed. 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your
investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or rights, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of
an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those public shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem,
subject to the limitations described in this Form 10-K, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we
do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or if we decide to
extend the period of time to consummate our business combination, within 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (as
further described in this Form 10-K) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or
pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business
combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or if we decide to extend the period of time to consummate
our business combination, within 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (as further described in this Form 10-K), subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if we are unable to complete an initial business
combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or if we decide to extend the period of time to consummate
our business combination, within 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (as further described in this Form 10-K) for any reason, compliance with Cayman Islands law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing shareholders
for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public shareholders may be forced to
wait beyond the 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or if we decide to extend the period of time to consummate
our business combination, beyond the 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (as further described in this Form 10-K) before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest
of any kind in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or rights,
potentially at a loss. 

You
will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since
the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private units are intended to be used to complete an initial business
combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United
States securities laws. However, because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the successful completion of our
Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private units and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet
demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule
419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units
will be immediately tradable as opposed to companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our Initial Public Offering were subject to Rule
419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds
in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

16 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our common stock, you will lose the ability
to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our common stock. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect
to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. 
However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not restrict our shareholders ability to vote all
of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce
your influence over our ability to complete our business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if
you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess
Shares if we complete our business combination. As a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order
to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your share in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive
only approximately 10.20 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our
rights will expire worthless. 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing
for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying
and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these
competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources
will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. As a result, our ability to compete with respect
to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent
competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. 

Furthermore,
because we are obligated to pay cash for the common stock which our public shareholders redeem in connection with our initial business
combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination.
This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our
initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive
less than 10.20 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in
the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share 
and other risk factors in this section. 

17 

If the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the private units not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until we complete our initial
business combination, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public shareholders may only receive
 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our rights will expire worthless. 

The funds available to us outside
of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until we complete our initial business combination. We believe that,
upon the closing of our Initial Public Offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us
to operate until we complete our initial business combination. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available
to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down
payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses
from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect
to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of
intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to
forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or
conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders
may receive only approximately 10.20 per share or less in certain circumstances on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights
will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.20 per share upon our liquidation.
See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share
redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors in this section. 

If
the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private units not being held in the trust account are insufficient,
it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination
and we will depend on loans from our initial shareholders or management team to fund our search for a business combination, to pay our
taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial
business combination. 

Of
the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private units, only 650,000 is initially available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate
of 550,000 (excluding underwriting discount), we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case,
the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event
that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of 550,000 (excluding underwriting discount), the amount of funds we intend to
be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need
to borrow funds from our initial shareholders or their affiliates to operate, or we may be forced to liquidate. None of our initial shareholders
nor any of their affiliates are under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only
from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. We do not
expect to seek loans from parties other than our initial shareholders or an affiliate of our initial shareholders as we do not believe
third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust
account but in the event that we seek loans from any third parties, we will obtain a waiver against any and all rights to seek access
to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced
to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.20 per
share on our redemption of our public shares, and our rights will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders
may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less
than 10.20 per share and other risk factors in this section. 

18 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
a business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that we
will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately
prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (such
that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our business combination
even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our initial shareholders,
advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all common stock that
is validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business
combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares,
all common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business
combination. 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders,
such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims
against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter
into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would
be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition
proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field
of potential target businesses that we might pursue. 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of
a redemption right in connection with our business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that
were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount
received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.20 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors.
Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold
to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds
in the trust account to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of
the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest
which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver
of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our
Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for
such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations. Therefore, we believe it is unlikely that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such
claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could
be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and
you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors
are required to indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

19 

Our
independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount
of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount
per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. 

While
we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for
example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if
the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these
indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced
below 10.20 per share. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be
exposed to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by
paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our
shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be
reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders
in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

20 

Our
shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

If
we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment
if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad
faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and
officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were
unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine
of approximately 18,000 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

Because
we are not limited to a particular industry, sector, or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination,
you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. 

We
may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry or sector or geographical location. However, we
will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to complete our business combination with
another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target
business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target
business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete
our business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example,
if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected
by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and
directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain
or assess all the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks
may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a
target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than
a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to
remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely
to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Past
performance by our management team, our advisors and our initial shareholders may not be indicative of future performance of an investment
in us. 

Information
regarding performance by, or businesses associated with our management team and our initial shareholders and their affiliates is presented
for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team and our initial shareholders is not a guarantee either (i) that
we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination
we may consummate. The majority of our officers, directors and advisors have not had management experience with special purpose acquisition
corporations in the past. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s, our advisors or our initial
shareholders respective performance as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or
are likely to, generate going forward. Furthermore, an investment in us is not an investment in our initial shareholders or their affiliates. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is
presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our
management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that
we will adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units
will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our Initial Public Offering than a direct investment, if an
opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas
of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation,
and the information contained in this Form 10-K regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an
understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or
assess all the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following our business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value. 

21 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful
as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective
business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise
their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to
have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or
we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval
of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive
less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share 
and other risk factors in this section. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities with an early-stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early-stage company such as a pre-revenue entity with a limited operating
history, a financially unstable business, or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven
business model and with limited historical financial data, a lack of revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining
key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may
not be able to properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence.
Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those
risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently,
you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. 

Unless
we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the
target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If
no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value
based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or
tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

22 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may
receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account
and our rights will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys, and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for
the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business,
we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event
will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only
approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public shareholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors in this section. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may complete our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company,
which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources, or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications, or abilities
we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications, or abilities necessary to manage a public
company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders
who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a
business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

23 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to complete our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little
public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential
initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not
as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private units,
which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of
diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

Of
the net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private units, up to 70,380,000 will be available to complete
our business combination and pay related fees and expenses. 

We
may complete our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period
of time. However, we may not be able to complete our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors,
including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with
the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined
basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous
economic, competitive, and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible
spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations
in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination
in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property, or asset, or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes, or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive, and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a
substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. 

Our
ability to complete a business combination may be impacted by the fact that our sponsor s major shareholder, Pengfei Zheng, is
a non-U.S. person, and a majority of our officers and directors are located in, or have significant ties to, China. This may make us
a less attractive partner to potential target companies outside the PRC, thereby limiting our pool of acquisition candidates and making
it harder for us to complete an initial business combination with a non-China-based target company. For example, we may not be able to
complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company since such initial business combination may be subject to U.S. foreign
investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity, such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS),
or ultimately prohibited. 

Our
sponsor, AlphaVest Holding LP, is currently controlled by Mr. Pengfei Zheng, who owns approximately 23.3 of our outstanding shares. In addition, a majority of our directors and officers are located in, or have significant ties
to, China. As a result, we may be a less attractive partner to potential target companies outside the PRC, thereby limiting our pool
of acquisition candidates. This would impact our search for a target company and make it harder for us to complete an initial business
combination with a non-China-based target company. For example, we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with a
U.S. target company since such initial business combination may be subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S.
government entity. Certain federally licensed businesses in the United States, such as broadcasters and airlines, may be subject to rules
or regulations that limit foreign ownership. In addition, CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions
involving foreign investment in the United States by foreign persons in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national
security of the United States. We may be considered a foreign person under such rules and regulations and any proposed
business combination between us and a U.S. business engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security could be subject
to such foreign ownership restrictions and/or CFIUS review. 

24 

The
scope of CFIUS was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA to include certain
non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying
U.S. business. FIRRMA and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force also subject certain categories of investments to
mandatory filings. If our potential initial business combination with a U.S. business falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions,
we may be unable to consummate a business combination with such business. 

In
addition, if our potential business combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may be required to make a mandatory filing,
determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or proceed with the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and then bear
the risk of CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial
business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order
us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company if we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance.
The foreign ownership limitations, and the potential impact of CFIUS, may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent
us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our stockholders.
As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be
adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership
issues. 

Moreover,
the process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we only have 12 months (or 18 months if we
extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) to complete our initial business combination, our failure to obtain any
required approvals within the requisite time period may prevent us from completing the transaction and require us to liquidate. If we
liquidate, our public shareholders may only receive 10.20 per share initially, and our rights will expire worthless. Our public shareholders
may also lose the potential investment opportunity in a target company and the opportunity of realizing future gains on such investments
through any price appreciation in the combined company. 

Risks
Related to Our Securities 

NASDAQ
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
units, common stock and rights are listed on NASDAQ. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on NASDAQ
in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on NASDAQ prior to our initial
business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum
amount in shareholders equity (generally 10,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 400 public
holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with NASDAQ s
initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than NASDAQ s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain
the listing of our securities on NASDAQ. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and
our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least 30 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 400
round lot holders of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If
NASDAQ delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to
 adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our
 securities; 

25 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units and eventually our common stock and rights are listed on NASDAQ, our units, common stock and rights will be covered securities. Although the states are pre-empted
from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion
of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a
particular case. Additionally, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers,
or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer
listed on NASDAQ, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer
our securities. 

We
may issue additional common stock or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely
present other risks. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par
value 0.0001 per share and 2,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are currently 9,180,500 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding. As a result, there will be 190,819,500 unissued common stock available for issuance, which amount does
not take into account the common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of any outstanding rights. There are no preference shares
issued and outstanding. 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional common stock or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or
under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination (although our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that we may not issue securities that can vote with common stockholders on matters related to
our pre-initial business combination activity). However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides,
among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital share that would
entitle the holders thereof to: (i) receive funds from the trust account; or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any
initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to
(x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering,
or if we decide to extend the period of time to consummate our business combination, beyond 18 months from the closing of our
Initial Public Offering (as further described in this Form 10-K or (y) amend the foregoing provisions, unless (in connection with
any such amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) we offer our public shareholders the
opportunity to redeem their public shares. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like
all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with the approval of our
shareholders. However, our executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not
propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of
our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial
Public Offering, or if we decide to extend the period of time to consummate our business combination, within 18 months from the
closing of our Initial Public Offering (as further described in this Form 10-K) or (B) with respect to any other
material provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. 

26 

The
issuance of additional common stock or preference shares: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our Initial Public Offering; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could
 cause a change of control if a substantial number of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability
 to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and
 directors; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, common stock and/or rights. 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur
outstanding debt following our Initial Public Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business
combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the
per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of
negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt
 obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
 that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such
 financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
 on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general
 corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution
 of our strategy; and 

other
 disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

The
grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and
the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Pursuant
to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our Initial Public Offering, our initial
shareholders (including EBC and its designees) and their permitted transferees can demand that we register their founder shares and EBC
founder shares. In addition, holders of our private units and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private units
and/or the underlying securities, and holders of units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we
register such units and/or underlying securities. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability
of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude.
This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more
cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our common stock that is expected when the common stock
and private units owned by our initial shareholders or holders of our working capital units or their respective permitted transferees
are registered. 

27 

In
order to complete our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
or other governing instruments, including our rights agreement, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business
combination but that our shareholders or rights holders may not support. 

In
order to complete a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters
and governing instruments, including their rights agreement. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business
combination, increased redemption thresholds, changed industry focus and, with respect to their rights, amended their rights agreement,
respectively, to require the rights to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend
our charter or other governing instruments or change our industry focus in order to complete our initial business combination. 

Our
initial shareholders paid an aggregate of 25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately 0.014 per founder share. As a result of this
low initial price, our initial shareholders stand to make a substantial profit even if an initial business combination subsequently declines
in value or is unprofitable for our public shareholders. 

As
a result of the low acquisition cost of our founder shares, our initial shareholders could make a substantial profit even if we select
and consummate an initial business combination with an acquisition target that subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for
our public shareholders. Thus, such parties may have more of an economic incentive for us to enter into an initial business combination
with a riskier, weaker-performing or financially unstable business, or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings,
than would be the case if such parties had paid the full offering price for their founder shares. 

We
may amend the terms of the rights in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least a majority
of the then outstanding rights. 

Our
rights will be issued in registered form under a rights agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent,
and us. The rights agreement provides that the terms of the rights may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any defective provision. The rights agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
rights in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the holders of the rights. 

Our
private units, founder shares and EBC founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it
more difficult to complete our business combination. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of our Initial Public Offering, we issued 430,500 private units to our sponsor and EBC. Our initial shareholders
currently own 1,725,000 founder shares. EBC and its designees currently own 125,000 EBC founder shares. In addition, if our initial shareholders
or their affiliates make any working capital loans, up to 150,000 of such loans may be converted into working capital units, at the
price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such working capital units would be identical to the private units sold in the
private placement. 

To
the extent we issue common stock to complete a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional
common stock upon conversion rights of up to 150,000 working capital loans could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to
a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding common stock and reduce the value of the common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our private units and founder shares may make it more difficult to complete
a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The
private rights included in the private units are identical to the public rights sold as part of the units in our Initial Public Offering
except that the private rights (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private rights) will not be transferable,
assignable or saleable until the completion of our initial business combination (except as described herein). 

28 

The
determination of the offering price of our units and the size of our Initial Public Offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities
and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry. You may have less assurance, therefore, that the offering price
of our units properly reflects the value of such units than you would have in a typical offering of an operating company. 

Prior
to our Initial Public Offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and
the terms of the rights were negotiated between us and the underwriters. In determining the size of our Initial Public Offering, management
held customary organizational meetings with the underwriters with respect to the state of capital markets, generally, and the amount
the underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of our Initial Public
Offering, prices and terms of the units, including the common stock, the rights underlying the units, include: 

the
 history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies; 

prior
 offerings of those companies; 

our
 prospects for acquiring an operating business; 

a
 review of debt to equity ratios in leveraged transactions; 

our
 capital structure; 

an
 assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies; 

general
 conditions of the securities markets at the time of our Initial Public Offering; and 

other
 factors as were deemed relevant. 

Although
these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating
company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results. 

Because
we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance
tests include target historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure
in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements
may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America, or GAAP , or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board, or IFRS , depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB . These financial
statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide
such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Risks
Related to Our Management 

Our
ability to successfully complete our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the
efforts of members of our management team, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of such people
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully complete our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team. The role of
members of our management team in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some members of our management
team may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely
that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals
we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct.
These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to
expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

29 

In
addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The
departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be
ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain
associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of
an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Members
of our management team may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business
combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause
them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Members
of our management team may be able to remain with the Company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able
to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial
interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the
ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in
our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any members
of our management team will remain with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any members of
our management team will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any members of our
management team will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Our
officers and directors may allocate their time to other businesses and may become officers or directors of other special purpose acquisition
companies, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs and whether to present
a target to us instead of our competitors. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

Our
officers and directors have fiduciary responsibility to dedicate substantially all their business time to their respective affairs and
their respective portfolio companies. However, this responsibility does not require any of our officers or directors to commit his or
her full time to our affairs in particular, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
and our search for a business combination and their other businesses, including other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled
to substantial compensation. Furthermore, our officer and directors may become an officer or director of another special purpose acquisition
company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act even before
we enter a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to
the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, each of our officers and certain of our directors are employed by or
affiliated with our initial shareholders, which makes investments in securities or other interests of or relating to companies in industries
we may target for our initial business combination. Our independent directors also serve as officers or board members for other entities.
If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs
in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs; or if they have fiduciary duty
to present a target company to our competitor instead of us, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

30 

Certain
of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities
similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Following
the completion of our Initial Public Offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business
of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with
entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. 

Our
officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other
entities in the future to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties, including our initial shareholders affiliates.
Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation
to us. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be
reasonable for us to pursue. 

Our
initial shareholders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our initial shareholders or their respective affiliates from having a direct or indirect
pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or
have an interest. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities
of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated
with our initial shareholders or their respective affiliates. Our officers and directors also serve as officers and board members for
other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our initial shareholders are not currently
aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and
there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be
specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined
that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in the section of this Form 10-K entitled
 Proposed Business Sources of Target Businesses and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent
directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity
that commonly renders valuation opinions, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination
with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our initial shareholders or their respective affiliates, potential
conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public
shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since
our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest
may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On
February 7, 2022, our sponsor acquired 1,725,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. On July 11, 2022, EBC
acquired 125,000 EBC founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 1,750. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of
 25,000 by our sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible, or intangible. The number of founder shares issued was determined based
on the expectation that such founder shares would represent approximately 20 of the outstanding shares after our Initial Public
Offering (excluding the private shares and the EBC founder shares). The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an
initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 402,904 private units at a price of
 10.00 per unit (approximately 4,029,040 in the aggregate in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our
Initial Public Offering. EBC purchased an aggregate of 27,596 private units at a price of 10.00 per unit (approximately 275,960 in
the aggregate in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering. The founder shares
and private units will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. Our initial shareholders have agreed (A)
to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares or private
shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans
from our initial shareholders. The personal and financial interests of our initial shareholders may influence their motivation in
identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination, and influencing the operation
of the business following the initial business combination. 

31 

In
order to complete our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
or other governing instruments, including our rights agreement, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business
combination but that our shareholders or rights holders may not support. 

In
order to complete a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters
and governing instruments, including their rights agreement. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business
combination, increased redemption thresholds, changed industry focus and, with respect to their rights, amended their rights agreement
to require the rights to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amen our charter
or other governing instruments or change our industry focus in order to complete our initial business combination. 

The
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and
corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of
holders of two-thirds of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It
may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to
facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some
other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those
which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s
shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s public
shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that any of its provisions (including, without
limitation, the provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our Initial
Public Offering and the private placement of units into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances,
and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein)) may be amended if approved by holders of two-thirds of
our common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the Cayman Islands law, or the Companies Act, or applicable
stock exchange rules, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be
amended if approved by holders of two-thirds of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. We may not issue additional securities
that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or in our initial business combination.
Our initial shareholders, who will collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock upon the closing of our Initial Public Offering
(excluding the private shares and the EBC founder shares and assuming our initial shareholders do not purchase public units in our Initial
Public Offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust
agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some
other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders
may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Our
initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association (i) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in
connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or if we decide to extend the period of time to consummate our business
combination, within 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (as further described in this Form 10-K), or
(ii) with respect to any other material provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity,
unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their common stock upon approval of any such amendment at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement
that we have entered into with our initial shareholders. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these
agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our initial shareholders for any breach of these agreements.
As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

32 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

Although
we believe that the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private units will be sufficient to allow us to complete
our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements
for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private units prove to be insufficient,
either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business,
the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination,
we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing
will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete
our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination
and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders
may receive only approximately 10.20 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes) on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights will expire worthless. In addition, even if we
do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth
of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development
or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors, or shareholders are required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders
may only receive approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and our \ rights will expire worthless. In certain
circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See 
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors in this section. 

Our
initial shareholders and other insiders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner
that you do not support. 

Upon
the closing of our Initial Public Offering, our initial shareholders will own founder shares representing 20 of our issued and outstanding
common stock (excluding the private shares and the EBC founder shares). Simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering,
we issued in 430,500 private units to our sponsor and EBC. In addition, if our initial shareholders or their designated parties make
any working capital loans, up to 150,000 of such loans may be converted into working capital units, at the price of 10.00 per unit
at the option of the lenders. Such working capital units would be identical to the private units sold in the private placement. Accordingly,
our initial shareholders along with any designated parties may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote,
potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial shareholders purchase any units in our Initial Public Offering or if they
purchase any additional common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control.
Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our
common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by certain of our initial shareholders, is and will
be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected
in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our business combination,
in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there
is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will
be considered for election and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding
the outcome. 

33 

Post
Business Combination Risks 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications, or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

We
may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than
100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target
sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.
We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting
securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business
combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could
pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital share
of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number
of new common stock, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in
a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s share than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make
it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that,
upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications, or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

Subsequent
to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price,
which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface
all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues
through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later
arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment
or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected
risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though
these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature
could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate
net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue
of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value. 

We
may face general risks related to our business combination with any company. 

Any
business combination with another company entails special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a business combination
with a target business, we may be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks: 

an
 inability to compete effectively in a highly competitive environment with many incumbents having substantially greater resources; 

an
 inability to manage rapid change, increasing consumer expectations and growth; 

an
 inability to build strong brand identity and improve subscriber or customer satisfaction and loyalty; 

34 

a
 reliance on proprietary technology to provide services and to manage our operations, and the failure of this technology to operate
 effectively, or our failure to use such technology effectively; 

an
 inability to deal with our subscribers or customers privacy concerns; 

an
 inability to attract and retain subscribers or customers; 

an
 inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend; 

any
 significant disruption in our computer systems or those of third parties that we would utilize in our operations; 

an
 inability by us, or a refusal by third parties, to license content to us upon acceptable terms; 

potential
 liability for negligence, copyright, or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that
 we may distribute; 

competition
 for advertising revenue; 

competition
 for the leisure and entertainment time and discretionary spending of subscribers or customers, which may intensify in part due to
 advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and behavior; 

disruption
 or failure of our networks, systems, or technology as a result of computer viruses, cyber-attacks, misappropriation
 of data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, accidental releases of information or similar
 events; 

an
 inability to obtain necessary hardware, software, and operational support; and 

reliance
 on third-party vendors or service providers. 

Any
of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. 

Our
success will ultimately depend upon market acceptance of our products and services, our ability to develop and commercialize existing
and new products and services and generate revenues, and our ability to identify new markets for its technology. 

Ultimately,
our success will depend on the acceptance of our products and services in the target markets. We are faced with the risk that the marketplace
will not be receptive to our products and services over competing products and that we will be unable to compete effectively. We will
face challenges of developing (or acquiring externally-developed) technology solutions that are adequate and competitive in meeting the
requirements of next-generation design challenges. 

We
cannot assure investors that the products and services of the company with which we conduct a business combination, or any future products
and services will gain broad market acceptance. If the market for our products and services fails to develop or develops more slowly
than expected, or if any of the services and standards supported by us do not achieve or sustain market acceptance, our business and
operating results would be materially and adversely affected. 

If
we fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing regulations and payment
methods, demand for product enhancements, new product features, and changing business needs, requirements or preferences, our products
may become less competitive. 

Regardless
of our business combination target s industry, it will likely be subject to ongoing technological change, evolving industry standards,
changing regulations, and changing customer needs, requirements, and preferences. The success of our business will depend, in part, on
our ability to adapt and respond effectively to these changes on a timely basis, including launching new products and services. The success
of any new product and service, or any enhancements, features, or modifications to existing products and services, depends on several
factors, including the timely completion, introduction, and market acceptance of such products and services, enhancements, modifications,
and new product features. If we are unable to enhance our products or develop new products that keep pace with technological and regulatory
change and changes in customer preferences and achieve market acceptance, or if new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive
products and services at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently, or more securely than our products, our business, operating
results and financial condition would be adversely affected. Furthermore, modifications to our existing platform, products, or technology
will increase our research and development expenses. Any failure of our products and services to operate effectively could reduce the
demand for our services, result in customer dissatisfaction and adversely affect our business. 

35 

Technology
platforms may not operate properly or as we expect it to operate. 

Technology
platforms are expensive and complex, their continuous development, maintenance and operation may entail unforeseen difficulties including
material performance problems or undetected defects or errors. We may encounter technical obstacles, and it is possible that we may discover
additional problems that prevent our technology from operating properly. If our platform does not function reliably, we may not be able
to provide any products or services. Errors could also cause customer dissatisfaction with us, which could cause customers to stop purchasing
or working with us. Any of these eventualities could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

New
or changing technologies, could cause a disruption in our business model, which may materially impact our results of operations and financial
condition. 

If
we fail to anticipate the impact on our business of changing technology, our ability to successfully operate may be materially impaired.
Our business could also be affected by potential technological changes. Such changes could disrupt the demand for products from current
customers, create coverage issues or impact the frequency or severity of losses, or reduce the size of the ultimate market, causing our
business to decline. We may not be able to respond effectively to these changes, which could have a material effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities with an early-stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenue or earnings. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early-stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking
an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which
we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile
revenues or earnings, intense competition, and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all
of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be
outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target
business. 

Risks
Related to Acquiring and Operating a Business Outside of the United States 

We
may effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States and if we do, we would be subject to a variety
of additional risks that may negatively impact our business operations and financial results . 

If
we consummate a business combination with a target business located outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special
considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business governing jurisdiction, including any of the
following: 

rules
 and regulations or currency redemption or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer
 payment cycles than in the United States; 

inflation; 

economic
 policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges
 in managing and staffing international operations; 

36 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

protection
 of intellectual property; and 

employment
 regulations. 

We
cannot assure you that we would be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might
suffer. 

Because
of the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, our results of operations may be negatively impacted. 

Managing
a business, operations, personnel or assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based
abroad or in the U.S.) may be inexperienced in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules,
legal regimes and labor practices. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing
cross-border business operations, personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business) and may
negatively impact our financial and operational performance. 

If
social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, or policy changes or enactments
occur in a country in which we may operate after we effect our initial business combination, it may result in a negative impact on our
business. 

Political
events in another country may significantly affect our business, assets or operations. Social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes,
changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, and policy changes or enactments could negatively impact our business in a particular
country. 

Many
countries have difficult and unpredictable legal systems and underdeveloped laws and regulations that are unclear and subject to corruption
and inexperience, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
ability to seek and enforce legal protections, including with respect to intellectual property and other property rights, or to defend
ourselves with regard to legal actions taken against us in a given country, may be difficult or impossible, which could adversely impact
our operations, assets or financial condition. 

Rules
and regulations in many countries are often ambiguous or open to differing interpretation by responsible individuals and agencies at
the municipal, state, regional and federal levels. The attitudes and actions of such individuals and agencies are often difficult to
predict and inconsistent. 

Delay
with respect to the enforcement of particular rules and regulations, including those relating to customs, tax, environmental and labor,
could cause serious disruption to operations abroad and negatively impact our results. 

If
we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company will likely
govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

If
we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates
will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able
to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement
of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability
to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities
or capital. Additionally, if we acquire a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially all of our assets
would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of the United States. As a
result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our
directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our
directors and officers under Federal securities laws. 

37 

If
relations between the United States and foreign governments deteriorate, it could cause potential target businesses or their goods and
services to become less attractive. 

The
relationship between the United States and foreign governments could be subject to sudden fluctuation and periodic tension. For
instance, the United States may announce its intention to impose quotas on certain imports. Such import quotas may adversely affect
political relations between the two countries and result in retaliatory countermeasures by the foreign government in industries that
may affect our ultimate target business. Changes in political conditions in foreign countries and changes in the state of U.S.
relations with such countries are difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations or cause potential target
businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive. Because we are not limited to any specific industry, there is no
basis for our investors to evaluate the possible extent of any impact on our ultimate operations if
relations are strained between the United States and a foreign country in which we acquire a target business or move our principal
manufacturing or service operations. 

If
any dividend is declared in the future and paid in a foreign currency, you may be taxed on a larger amount in the U.S. 

If
you are a U.S. holder of our common stock, you will be taxed on the U.S. dollar value of your dividends, if any, at the time you receive
them, even if you actually receive a smaller amount of U.S. dollars when the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Specifically,
if a dividend is declared and paid in a foreign currency, the amount of the dividend distribution that you must include in your income
as a U.S. holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the payments made in the foreign currency, determined at the spot rate of the foreign
currency to the U.S. dollar on the date the dividend distribution is includible in your income, regardless of whether the payment is
in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Thus, if the value of the foreign currency decreases before you actually convert the currency into
U.S. dollars, you will be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. dollars than the U.S. dollar amount that you will actually ultimately receive. 

If
our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following
our initial business combination, certain members of our management team will likely resign from their positions as officers or directors
of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of
the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with our laws, they may have
to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory
issues, which may adversely affect our operations. 

The
economic, political, and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our potential target s operations
are located could affect our business. The economy in such target s country may differ greatly from the economies of most developed
countries in many respects. Such country s economic growth may be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the
economy, and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such target s country s economy experiences
a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand
for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect the ability of that target business to become profitable after
our initial business combination. 

Currency
policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In
the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, the dollar equivalent
of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value
of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions.
Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business
or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a
currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target
business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

38 

Many
of the economies in Asia are experiencing substantial inflationary pressures which may prompt the governments to take action to control
the growth of the economy and inflation that could lead to a significant decrease in our profitability following our initial business
combination. 

There
is no restriction in the geographic location of targets that we can pursue, although we intend to initially focus on target businesses
in Asia. In the event that our target business is in Asia, while many of the economies in Asia have experienced rapid growth over the
last two decades, they currently are experiencing inflationary pressures. As governments take steps to address the current inflationary
pressures, there may be significant changes in the availability of bank credits, interest rates, limitations on loans, restrictions on
currency conversions and foreign investment. There also may be imposition of price controls. If prices for the products of our ultimate
target business rise at a rate that is insufficient to compensate for the rise in the costs of supplies, it may have an adverse effect
on our profitability. If these or other similar restrictions are imposed by a government to influence the economy, it may lead to a slowing
of economic growth. Because we are not limited to any specific industry, the ultimate industry that we operate in may be affected more
severely by such a slowing of economic growth. 

Many
industries in Asia are subject to government regulations that limit or prohibit foreign investments in such industries, which may limit
the potential number of acquisition candidates. 

Governments
in many Asian countries have imposed regulations that limit foreign investors equity ownership or prohibit foreign investments
altogether in companies that operate in certain industries. As a result, the number of potential acquisition candidates available to
us may be limited or our ability to grow and sustain the business, which we ultimately acquire will be limited. 

If
a country in Asia enacts regulations in industry segments that forbid or restrict foreign investment, our ability to consummate our initial
business combination could be severely impaired. 

Many
of the rules and regulations that companies face concerning foreign ownership are not explicitly communicated. If new laws or regulations
forbid or limit foreign investment in industries in which we want to complete our initial business combination, they could severely impair
our candidate pool of potential target businesses. Additionally, if the relevant central and local authorities find us or the target
business with which we ultimately complete our initial business combination to be in violation of any existing or future laws or regulations,
they would have broad discretion in dealing with such a violation, including, without limitation: 

levying
 fines; 

revoking
 our business and other licenses; 

requiring
 that we restructure our ownership or operations; and 

requiring
 that we discontinue any portion or all of our business. 

Any
of the above could have an adverse effect on our company post-business combination and could materially reduce the value of your investment. 

Corporate
governance standards in Asia may not be as strict or developed as in the United States and such weakness may hide issues and operational
practices that are detrimental to a target business. 

General
corporate governance standards in some countries are weak in that they do not prevent business practices that cause unfavorable related
party transactions, over-leveraging, improper accounting, family company interconnectivity and poor management. Local laws often do not
go far enough to prevent improper business practices. Therefore, shareholders may not be treated impartially and equally as a result
of poor management practices, asset shifting, conglomerate structures that result in preferential treatment to some parts of the overall
company, and cronyism. The lack of transparency and ambiguity in the regulatory process also may result in inadequate credit evaluation
and weakness that may precipitate or encourage financial crisis. In our evaluation of a business combination we will have to evaluate
the corporate governance of a target and the business environment, and in accordance with United States laws for reporting companies
take steps to implement practices that will cause compliance with all applicable rules and accounting practices. Notwithstanding these
intended efforts, there may be endemic practices and local laws that could add risk to an investment we ultimately make and that result
in an adverse effect on our operations and financial results. 

39 

We
may face additional and distinctive risks if we acquire a business in certain industries, such as technology. 

Business
combinations with businesses in certain industries, such as technology, may involve special considerations and risks. If we complete
our initial business combination with a technology business, we will be subject to the following risks, any of which could be detrimental
to us and the business we acquire: 

If
 we are unable to keep pace with evolving technology and changes in the technology services industry, our revenues and future prospects
 may decline; 

Any
 business or company we acquire could be vulnerable to cyberattack or theft of individual identities or personal data; 

Difficulties
 with any products or services we provide could damage our reputation and business; 

A
 failure to comply with privacy regulations could adversely affect relations with customers and have a negative impact on business; 

We
 may not be able to protect our intellectual property and we may be subject to infringement claims; and 

We
 and any business or company we acquire may not be able to adapt to the complex and evolving regulatory environment for financial
 technology services in China. 

Any
of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying
prospective target businesses will not be limited to technology businesses. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry,
these risks will likely not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate
or target business which we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with a business located in the in the People s Republic of China, the laws applicable
to such business will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with a business located in the PRC, the laws of the country in which such business operates
will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations, including any contractual arrangements through which we
acquire control of target business as described above. We cannot assure you that we or the target business will be able to enforce any
of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing
laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. In addition, the judiciary
in the PRC is relatively inexperienced compared to others in enforcing corporate and commercial law, leading to a higher than usual degree
of uncertainty as to the outcome of any litigation. In addition, to the extent that our target business s material agreements are
with governmental agencies in the PRC, we may not be able to enforce or obtain a remedy from such agencies due to sovereign immunity,
in which the government is deemed to be immune from civil lawsuit or criminal prosecution. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy
under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with a business located in the PRC, we may be subject to certain risks associated with acquiring
and operating businesses in the PRC. 

We
may be subject to certain risks associated with acquiring and operating a business in the PRC in our search for a business combination
and operation of any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination. 

First,
certain rules and regulations concerning mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors in the PRC may make merger and acquisition activities
by foreign investors more complex and time consuming, including, among others: 

the
 requirement that the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC (the MOFCOM be notified in certain circumstances in advance of
 any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise or any concentration of
 undertaking if certain thresholds are triggered; 

40 

the
 authority of certain government agencies to have scrutiny over the economics of an acquisition transaction and requirement for consideration
 in a transaction to be paid within stated time limits; and 

the
 requirement for mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise national defense and security concerns and
 mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise national
 security concerns to be subject to strict review by the MOFCOM. 

Complying
with these and other requirements could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining approval from the
MOFCOM or its local counterparts, may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our ability to acquire
PRC-based businesses. A business combination we propose may not be able to be completed if the terms of the transaction do not satisfy
aspects of the approval process and may not be completed, even if approved, if they are not consummated within the time permitted by
the approvals granted. 

In
addition, the PRC currently prohibits and/or restricts foreign ownership in certain important industries, including telecommunications,
food production and heavy equipment. There are uncertainties under certain regulations whether obtaining a majority interest through
contractual arrangements will comply with regulations prohibiting or restricting foreign ownership in certain industries. There is no
assurance that the PRC government will not apply restrictions in other industries. In addition, there can be restrictions on the foreign
ownership of businesses that are determined from time to time to be in important industries that may affect the national
economic security or those having famous brand names or well-established brand names. Subject to the review
and approval requirements of the relevant agencies and the various percentage ownership limitations that exist from time to time, acquisitions
involving foreign investors and parties in the various restricted categories of assets and industries may nonetheless sometimes be consummated
using contractual arrangements with permitted local parties. If we choose to effect a business combination that employs the use of these
types of control arrangements, these contractual arrangements may not be as effective in providing us with the same economic benefits,
accounting consolidation or control over a target business as would direct ownership due to limited implementation guidance provided
with respect to such regulations. If the government of the PRC finds that the agreements we entered into to acquire control of a target
business through contractual arrangements with one or more operating businesses do not comply with local governmental restrictions on
foreign investment, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, we could be subject to
significant penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with a business located in the PRC, a substantial portion of our operations may be conducted
in the PRC, and a significant portion of our net revenues maybe derived from customers where the contracting entity is located in the
PRC. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and certain transactions we may undertake may be
subject, to a significant extent, to economic, political and governmental and legal developments, laws and regulations in the PRC. For
instance, all or most of our material agreements may be governed by PRC law and we may have difficulty in enforcing our legal rights
because the system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in PRC may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as
in the United States. In addition, contractual arrangements we enter into with potential future subsidiaries and affiliated entities
or acquisitions of offshore entities that conduct operations through affiliates in the PRC may be subject to a high level of scrutiny
by the relevant PRC tax authorities. We may also be subject to restrictions on dividend payments after we consummate a business combination
and if we rely on dividends and other distributions from our operating company to provide us with cash flow and to meet our other obligations. 

Contractual
arrangements we enter into with potential future subsidiaries and affiliated entities or acquisitions of offshore entities that conduct
operations through affiliates in the PRC may be subject to a high level of scrutiny by the relevant tax authorities. 

Under
the laws of the PRC, arrangements and transactions among related parties may be subject to audit or challenge by the relevant tax authorities.
If any of the transactions we enter into with potential future subsidiaries and affiliated entities are found not to be on an arm s-length
basis, or to result in an unreasonable reduction in tax under local law, the relevant tax authorities may have the authority to disallow
any tax savings, adjust the profits and losses of such potential future local entities and assess late payment interest and penalties.
A finding by the relevant tax authorities that we are ineligible for any such tax savings, or that any of our possible future affiliated
entities are not eligible for tax exemptions, would substantially increase our possible future taxes and thus reduce our net income and
the value of a shareholder s investment. In addition, in the event that in connection with an acquisition of an offshore entity
that conducted its operations through affiliates in the PRC, the sellers of such entities failed to pay any taxes required under local
law, the relevant tax authorities could require us to withhold and pay the tax, together with late-payment interest and penalties. The
occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a negative impact on our operating results and financial condition. 

41 

PRC
regulations relating to offshore investment activities by PRC residents may limit our ability to inject capital in our Chinese subsidiaries
and Chinese subsidiaries ability to change their registered capital or distribute profits to us or otherwise expose us or our
PRC resident beneficial owners to liability and penalties under PRC laws. 

In
July 2014, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, or SAFE promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues
Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents Offshore Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment Through Special
Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37 . SAFE Circular 37 requires PRC residents (including PRC individuals and PRC corporate
entities as well as foreign individuals that are deemed as PRC residents for foreign exchange administration purpose) to register with
SAFE or its local branches in connection with their direct or indirect offshore investment activities. SAFE Circular 37 is applicable
to our shareholders who are PRC residents and may be applicable to any offshore acquisitions that we make in the future. Under SAFE Circular
37, PRC residents who make, or have prior to the implementation of SAFE Circular 37 made, direct or indirect investments in offshore
special purpose vehicles, or SPVs, will be required to register such investments with SAFE or its local branches. In addition, any PRC
resident who is a direct or indirect shareholder of an SPV, is required to update its filed registration with the local branch of SAFE
with respect to that SPV, to reflect any material change, including, among other things, any major change of a PRC resident shareholder,
name or term of operation of the SPVs, or any increase or reduction of the SPVs registered capital, share transfer or swap, merger
or division. Moreover, any subsidiary of such SPV in China is required to urge the PRC resident shareholders to update their registration
with the local branch of SAFE. If any PRC shareholder of such SPV fails to make the required registration or to update the previously
filed registration, the subsidiary of such SPV in China may be prohibited from distributing its profits or the proceeds from any capital
reduction, share transfer or liquidation to the SPV, and the SPV may also be prohibited from making additional capital contributions
into its subsidiary in China. On February 13, 2015, SAFE promulgated a Notice on Further Simplifying and Improving Foreign Exchange Administration
Policy on Direct Investment, or SAFE Notice 13, which became effective on June 1, 2015. Under SAFE Notice 13, applications for foreign
exchange registration of inbound foreign direct investments and outbound overseas direct investments, including those required under
SAFE Circular 37, will be filed with qualified banks instead of SAFE or its branches. The qualified banks will directly examine the applications
and accept registrations under the supervision of SAFE. 

We
cannot provide assurance that our shareholders that are PRC residents comply with all of the requirements under SAFE Circular 37 or other
related rules. Failure or inability of our PRC resident shareholders to comply with the registration procedures set forth in these regulations
may subject us to fines and legal sanctions, restrict our cross-border investment activities, limit the ability of our wholly foreign-owned
subsidiary in China to distribute dividends and the proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us, and
we may also be prohibited from injecting additional capital into the subsidiary. Moreover, failure to comply with the various foreign
exchange registration requirements described above could result in liability under PRC law for circumventing applicable foreign exchange
restrictions. As a result, our business operations and our ability to distribute profits to you could be materially and adversely affected. 

Furthermore,
as these foreign exchange regulations are still relatively new and their interpretation and implementation has been constantly evolving,
it is unclear how these regulations, and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border transactions, will be interpreted,
amended and implemented by the relevant government authorities. For example, we may be subject to a more stringent review and approval
process with respect to our foreign exchange activities, such as remittance of dividends and foreign-currency-denominated borrowings,
which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if we decide to acquire a PRC domestic company,
we cannot assure you that we or the owners of such company, as the case may be, will be able to obtain the necessary approvals or complete
the necessary filings and registrations required by the foreign exchange regulations. This may restrict our ability to implement our
acquisition strategy and could adversely affect our business and prospects. 

42 

Compliance
with the PRC Antitrust law may limit our ability to effect our initial business combination. 

The
PRC Antitrust Law became effective on August 1, 2008. The government authorities in charge of antitrust matters in China are the Antitrust
Commission and other antitrust authorities under the State Council. The PRC Antitrust Law regulates (1) monopoly agreements, including
decisions or actions in concert that preclude or impede competition, entered into by business operators; (2) abuse of dominant market
position by business operators; and (3) concentration of business operators that may have the effect of precluding or impeding competition.
To implement the Antitrust Law, in 2008, the State Council formulated the regulations that require filing of concentration of business
operators, pursuant to which concentration of business operators refers to (1) merger with other business operators; (2) gaining control
over other business operators through acquisition of equity interest or assets of other business operators; and (3) gaining control over
other business operators through exerting influence on other business operators through contracts or other means. In 2009, the Ministry
of Commerce, to which the Antitrust Commission is affiliated, promulgated the Measures for Filing of Concentration of Business Operators
(amended by the Guidelines for Filing of Concentration of Business Operators in 2014), which set forth the criteria of concentration
and the requirement of miscellaneous documents for the purpose of filing. The business combination we contemplate may be considered the
concentration of business operators, and to the extent required by the Antitrust Law and the criteria established by the State Council,
we must file with the antitrust authority under the PRC State Council prior to conducting the contemplated business combination. If the
antitrust authority decides not to further investigate whether the contemplated business combination has the effect of precluding or
impeding competition or fails to make a decision within 30 days from receipt of relevant materials, we may proceed to consummate the
contemplated business combination. If antitrust authority decides to prohibit the contemplated business combination after further investigation,
we must terminate such business combination and would then be forced to either attempt to complete a new business combination or we would
be required to return any amounts which were held in the trust account to our shareholders. When we evaluate a potential business combination,
we will consider the need to comply with the Antitrust Law and other relevant regulations which may limit our ability to effect an acquisition
or may result in our modifying or not pursuing a particular transaction. Since our business combination period is within 12 months from
the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or if we decide to extend the period of time to consummate our business combination, within
18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (as further described in this Form 10-K), and the approval process
may take a period longer than we expect before we enter into a definitive agreement with a target company, we may be unable to complete
a business combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or if we decide to extend the period of time
to consummate our business combination, within 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (as further described in this Form 10-K). 

Exchange
controls that exist in the PRC may restrict or prevent us from using the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering to acquire a target
company in PRC and limit our ability to utilize our cash flow effectively following our initial business combination. 

SAFE
promulgated the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement
of Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprises, or Circular 19, effective on June 1, 2015, in replacement of the Circular on the Relevant
Operating Issues Concerning the Improvement of the Administration of the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested
Enterprises, or SAFE Circular 142, the Notice from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Relevant Issues Concerning Strengthening
the Administration of Foreign Exchange Businesses, or Circular 59, and the Circular on Further Clarification and Regulation of the Issues
Concerning the Administration of Certain Capital Account Foreign Exchange Businesses, or Circular 45. According to Circular 19, the flow
and use of the RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested company is regulated
such that RMB capital may not be used for the issuance of RMB entrusted loans, the repayment of inter-enterprise loans or the repayment
of banks loans that have been transferred to a third party. Although Circular 19 allows RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated
registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise to be used for equity investments within the PRC, it also reiterates the principle
that RMB converted from the foreign currency-denominated capital of a foreign-invested company may not be directly or indirectly used
for purposes beyond its business scope. Thus, it is unclear whether SAFE will permit such capital to be used for equity investments in
the PRC in actual practice. SAFE promulgated the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming and Standardizing
the Foreign Exchange Settlement Management Policy of Capital Account, or Circular 16, effective on June 9, 2016, which reiterates some
of the rules set forth in Circular 19, but changes the prohibition against using RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated
registered capital of a foreign-invested company to issue RMB entrusted loans to a prohibition against using such capital to issue loans
to non-associated enterprises. Violations of SAFE Circular 19 and Circular 16 could result in administrative penalties. 

43 

As
such, Circular 19 and Circular 16 may significantly limit our ability to transfer the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering to a PRC
target company and the use of such proceeds by the PRC target company. In addition, following our initial business combination with a
PRC target company, we will be subject to the PRC s rules and regulations on currency conversion. In the PRC, the SAFE regulates
the conversion of the Renminbi into foreign currencies. Currently, Foreign Invested Enterprises FIEs are required to
apply to the SAFE for Foreign Exchange Registration Certificates for FIEs. Following our initial business combination,
we will likely be an FIE as a result of our ownership structure. With such registration certificates, which need to be renewed annually,
FIEs are allowed to open foreign currency accounts including a basic account and capital account. Currency
conversion within the scope of the basic account, such as remittance of foreign currencies for payment of dividends, can
be effected without requiring the approval of the SAFE. However, conversion of currency in the capital account, including
capital items such as direct investment, loans and securities, still require approval of the SAFE. 

We
cannot assure you the PRC regulatory authorities will not impose further restrictions on the convertibility of the Renminbi. Any future
restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our ability to use the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering in an initial business combination
with a PRC target company and the use our cash flow for the distribution of dividends to our shareholders or to fund operations we may
have outside of the PRC. 

Our
initial business combination may be subject to national security review by the PRC government, and we may have to spend additional resources
and incur additional time delays to complete any such business combination or be prevented from pursuing certain investment opportunities. 

On
February 3, 2011, the PRC government issued a Notice Concerning the Establishment of Security Review Procedure on Mergers and Acquisitions
of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or Security Review Regulations , which became effective on March 5, 2011.
The Security Review Regulations cover acquisitions by foreign investors of a broad range of PRC enterprises if such acquisitions could
result in de facto control by foreign investors and the enterprises are relating to military, national defense, important agriculture
products, important energy and natural resources, important infrastructures, important transportation services, key technologies, and
important equipment manufacturing. The scope of the review includes whether the acquisition will impact the national security, economic
and social stability, and the research and development capabilities on key national security related technologies. Foreign investors
should submit a security review application to the Department of Commerce for its initial review for contemplated acquisition. If the
acquisition is considered to be within the scope of the Security Review Regulations, the Department of Commerce will transfer the application
to a joint security review committee within five business days for further review. The joint security review committee, consisting of
members from various PRC government agencies, will conduct a general review and seek comments from relevant government agencies. The
joint security review committee may initiate a further special review and request the termination or restructuring of the contemplated
acquisition if it determines that the acquisition will result in significant national security issue. 

The
Security Review Regulations will potentially subject a large number of mergers and acquisitions transactions by foreign investors in
China to an additional layer of regulatory review. Currently, there is significant uncertainty as to the implication of the Security
Review Regulations. Neither the Department of Commerce nor other PRC government agencies have issued any detailed rules for the implementation
of the Security Review Regulations. If, for example, our potential initial business combination is with a target company operating in
the PRC in any of the sensitive sectors identified above, the transaction will be subject to the Security Review Regulations, and we
may have to spend additional resources and incur additional time delays to complete any such acquisition. There is no guarantee that
we can receive such approval in a timely manner, and we may also be prevented from pursuing certain investment opportunities if the PRC
government considers that the potential investments will result in a significant national security issue. If obtained, since our business
combination period is 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or if we decide to extend the period of time to consummate
our business combination, 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (as further described in this Form 10-K),
and the approval process may take a period longer than we expect before we enter into a definitive agreement with a target company, we
may be unable to complete a business combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or if we decide to
extend the period of time to consummate our business combination, within 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (as
further described in this Form 10-K). 

44 

Our
initial business combination may be subject to a variety of PRC laws and other obligations regarding cybersecurity and data protection,
and we may have to spend additional resources and incur additional time delays to complete any such business combination or be prevented
from pursuing certain investment opportunities. 

Our
initial business combination may be subject to PRC laws relating to the collection, use, sharing, retention, security, and transfer of
confidential and private information, such as personal information and other data. These laws continue to develop, and the PRC government
may adopt other rules and restrictions in the future. Non-compliance could result in penalties or other significant legal liabilities. 

Pursuant
to the PRC Cybersecurity Law, which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress on November 7,
2016 and took effect on June 1, 2017, personal information and important data collected and generated by a critical information infrastructure
operator in the course of its operations in China must be stored in China, and if a critical information infrastructure operator purchases
internet products and services that affects or may affect national security, it should be subject to cybersecurity review by the CAC.
Due to the lack of further interpretations, the exact scope of critical information infrastructure operator remains unclear. 

Recently,
the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued
the Opinions on Severe and Lawful Crackdown on Illegal Securities Activities, which was available to the public on July 6, 2021. These
opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings
by China-based companies. These opinions proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory
systems, to deal with the risks and incidents facing China-based overseas-listed companies and the demand for cybersecurity and data
privacy protection. Moreover, the State Internet Information Office issued the Measures of Cybersecurity Review (Revised Draft for Comments,
not yet effective) on July 10, 2021, which requires operators with personal information of more than 1 million users who want to list
abroad to file a cybersecurity review with the CAC. As these opinions and the draft measurers were recently issued, official guidance
and interpretation of these two remain unclear in several respects at this time. 

If,
for example, our potential initial business combination is with a target business operating in the PRC and if the enacted version of
the draft measures mandates clearance of cybersecurity review and other specific actions to be completed by the target business, we may
face uncertainties as to whether such clearance can be timely obtained, or at all, and incur additional time delays to complete any such
acquisition. Cybersecurity review could also result in negative publicity with respect to our initial business combination and diversion
of our managerial and financial resources. There is no guarantee that we can receive such approval in a timely manner, and we may also
be prevented from pursuing certain investment opportunities if the PRC government considers that the potential investments will result
in a significant national security issue. If obtained, since our business combination period is 12 months from the closing of our Initial
Public Offering, or if we decide to extend the period of time to consummate our business combination, 18 months from the closing of our
Initial Public Offering (as further described in this Form 10-K), and the approval process may take a period longer than
we expect before we enter into a definitive agreement with a target company, we may be unable to complete a business combination within
12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or if we decide to extend the period of time to consummate our business combination,
within 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (as further described in this Form 10-K). 

45 

In
light of recent events indicating greater oversight by the CAC over data security, particularly for companies seeking to list on a foreign
exchange, some internet and technology companies, may not be willing to list on a U.S. exchange or enter into a definitive business combination
agreement with us. Further, we may also have to avoid a business combination with a company with more than one million users personal
information in China due to the limited timeline for us to complete a business combination. 

Companies
in China are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, use, sharing, retention, security, and transfer of confidential
and private information, such as personal information and other data. This data is wide ranging and relates to our investors, employees,
contractors and other counterparties and third parties. If we decide to initiate a business combination with a company in China, our
compliance obligations include those relating to the Data Protection Act (As Revised) Cayman Islands and the relevant PRC laws in this
regard. Non-compliance could result in penalties, delays affecting our ability to timely consummate a business combination, or other
significant legal liabilities. 

These
PRC laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between a holding company and its subsidiaries.
These laws continue to develop, and the PRC government may adopt other rules and restrictions in the future. These laws may have a material
adverse affect on companies in the PRC being willing to complete a business combination with us, may make it more difficult for us to
identify a PRC based company with which to consummate a business combination, and may materially narrow the selection of companies available
in the PRC from which we could otherwise complete a business combination without material adverse affects in the absence of the CAC data
security restrictions, rules, and regulations. 

If
we make equity compensation grants to persons who are PRC citizens, they may be required to register with the State Administration of
Foreign Exchange of the PRC SAFE ). We may also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt
equity compensation plans for our directors and employees and other parties under PRC laws. 

On
April 6, 2007, SAFE issued the Operating Procedures for Administration of Domestic Individuals Participating in the Employee Stock Ownership
Plan or Stock Option Plan of An Overseas Listed Company, also known as Circular 78. It is not clear whether Circular 78 covers all forms
of equity compensation plans or only those which provide for the granting of share options. For any plans which are so covered and are
adopted by a non-PRC listed company, such as our company in the event we consummate a business combination with a PRC Target Company,
Circular 78 requires all plan participants who are PRC citizens to register with and obtain approvals from SAFE prior to their participation
in the subject plan. We believe that the registration and approval requirements contemplated in Circular 78 will be burdensome and time
consuming. 

Upon
consummation of business combination with a PRC Target Company, we may adopt an equity incentive plan and make share option grants under
the plan to our officers, directors and employees, whom may be PRC citizens and be required to register with SAFE. If it is determined
that any of our equity compensation plans are subject to Circular 78, failure to comply with such provisions may subject us and participants
of our equity incentive plan who are PRC citizens to fines and legal sanctions and prevent us from being able to grant equity compensation
to our PRC employees. In that case, our ability to compensate our employees and directors through equity compensation would be hindered
and our business operations may be adversely affected. 

Enhanced
scrutiny over acquisition transactions by the PRC tax authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions we may pursue
in the future. 

The
PRC tax authorities have enhanced their scrutiny over the direct or indirect transfer of certain taxable assets, including, in particular,
equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise, by a non-resident enterprise by promulgating and implementing SAT Circular 59 and Circular
698, which became effective in January 2008, and a Circular 7 in replacement of some of the existing rules in Circular 698, which became
effective in February 2015. 

Under
Circular 698, where a non-resident enterprise conducts an indirect transfer by transferring the equity interests of a PRC
 resident enterprise indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, the non-resident enterprise,
being the transferor, may be subject to PRC corporate income tax, if the indirect transfer is considered to be an abusive use of company
structure without reasonable commercial purposes. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC tax at
a rate of up to 10 . Circular 698 also provides that, where a non-PRC resident enterprise transfers its equity interests in a PRC resident
enterprise to its related parties at a price lower than the fair market value, the relevant tax authority has the power to make a reasonable
adjustment to the taxable income of the transaction. 

46 

In
February 2015, the SAT issued Circular 7 to replace the rules relating to indirect transfers in Circular 698. Circular 7 has introduced
a new tax regime that is significantly different from that under Circular 698. Circular 7 extends its tax jurisdiction to not only indirect
transfers set forth under Circular 698 but also transactions involving transfer of other taxable assets, through the offshore transfer
of a foreign intermediate holding company. In addition, Circular 7 provides clearer criteria than Circular 698 on how to assess reasonable
commercial purposes and has introduced safe harbors for internal group restructurings and the purchase and sale of equity through a public
securities market. Circular 7 also brings challenges to both the foreign transferor and transferee (or other person who is obligated
to pay for the transfer) of the taxable assets. Where a non-resident enterprise conducts an indirect transfer by transferring
the taxable assets indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, the non-resident enterprise being
the transferor, or the transferee, or the PRC entity which directly owned the taxable assets may report to the relevant tax authority
such indirect transfer. Using a substance over form principle, the PRC tax authority may disregard the existence of the
overseas holding company if it lacks a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of reducing, avoiding, or deferring
PRC tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC corporate income tax, and the transferee or other
person who is obligated to pay for the transfer is obligated to withhold the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of 10 for the transfer
of equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise. 

We
face uncertainties on the reporting and consequences on future private equity financing transactions, share exchange or other transactions
involving the transfer of shares in our company by investors that are non-PRC resident enterprises. The PRC tax authorities may pursue
such non-resident enterprises with respect to a filing or the transferees with respect to withholding obligation, and request our PRC
subsidiaries to assist in the filing. As a result, we and non-resident enterprises in such transactions may become at risk of being subject
to filing obligations or being taxed, under Circular 59 or Circular 698 and Circular 7, and may be required to expend valuable resources
to comply with Circular 59, Circular 698 and Circular 7 or to establish that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed
under these circulars, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

The
PRC tax authorities have the discretion under SAT Circular 59, Circular 698 and Circular 7 to make adjustments to the taxable capital
gains based on the difference between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of investment. If we are considered
a non-resident enterprise under the PRC corporate income tax law and if the PRC tax authorities make adjustments to the taxable income
of the transactions under SAT Circular 59 or Circular 698 and Circular 7, our income tax costs associated with such potential acquisitions
will be increased, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

The
Chinese government may intervene in and influence the manner in which our post-combination entity must conduct its business activities
in ways that we cannot expect when we enter into a definitive agreement with a target company with major operation in China, which could
result in a material change in our operations of the combined company and/or the value of our securities, and could significantly limit
or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of our securities to significantly
decline or become worthless. If the Chinese government establishes some new policies, regulations, rules, or laws affecting the industries
that our post-combination entity is in, it may materially and adversely affect our operations and the value of our common stock. 

The
Chinese government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through
regulation and state ownership. Our post-combination entity s ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws
and regulations, including those relating to taxation, environmental regulations, land use rights, property, and other matters. The central
or local governments of these jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would
require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. Accordingly,
government actions in the future, including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally
planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic policies, could have a significant effect on economic
conditions in China or particular regions thereof, and could require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in Chinese properties. 

For
example, the Chinese cybersecurity regulator announced on July 2, 2021, that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global Inc. (NYSE:
DIDI) and two days later ordered that the company s app be removed from smartphone app stores. On July 24, 2021, the General Office
of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly released the Guidelines for Further
Easing the Burden of Excessive Homework and Off-campus Tutoring for Students at the Stage of Compulsory Education, pursuant to which
foreign investment in such firms via mergers and acquisitions, franchise development, and variable interest entities are banned from
this sector. 

47 

As
such, the post-combination entity s business segments may be subject to various government and regulatory interference in the provinces
in which they operate. The post-combination entity could be subject to regulation by various political and regulatory entities, including
various local and municipal agencies and government sub-divisions. We and our post-combination entity may incur increased costs necessary
to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. 

Furthermore,
it is uncertain when and whether we and our post-combination entity will be required to obtain permission from the PRC government to
list on U.S. exchanges in the future, and even when such permission is obtained, whether it will be denied or rescinded. Although we
are currently not required to obtain permission from any of the PRC federal or local government and have not received any denial to list
on the U.S. exchange, our post-combination operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws
and regulations relating to our business or industry. 

PRC
laws and regulations governing our post-combination entity s business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain and any changes
in such laws and regulations may impair our ability to operate profitably. 

There
are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations including, but not limited to,
the laws and regulations governing our business and the enforcement and performance of our arrangements with customers in certain circumstances.
The laws and regulations are sometimes vague and may be subject to future changes, and their official interpretation and enforcement
may involve substantial uncertainty. The effectiveness and interpretation of newly enacted laws or regulations, including amendments
to existing laws and regulations, may be delayed, and our business may be affected if we rely on laws and regulations which are subsequently
adopted or interpreted in a manner different from our understanding of these laws and regulations. New laws and regulations that affect
existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. We cannot predict what effect the interpretation of existing
or new PRC laws or regulations may have on our post-combination entity s business. 

The
PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions under the civil
law system may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. Since these laws and regulations are relatively new and the
PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and the
enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties. 

In
1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws and regulations governing economic matters in general. The
overall effect of legislation over the past three decades has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign
investments in China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws and regulations may
not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China. In particular, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and
regulations involve uncertainties. Since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing
statutory provisions and contractual terms, it may be difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the
level of legal protection we enjoy. These uncertainties may affect our judgment on the relevance of legal requirements and our ability
to enforce our contractual rights or tort claims. In addition, the regulatory uncertainties may be exploited through unmerited or frivolous
legal actions or threats in attempts to extract payments or benefits from us. 

Furthermore,
the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or
at all and may have retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of any of these policies and rules until sometime
after the violation. In addition, any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs
and diversion of resources and management attention. 

48 

From
time to time, our post-combination entity may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal rights. However,
since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual
terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection our
post-combination entity enjoys than in more developed legal systems. Furthermore, the PRC legal system is based in part on government
policies and internal rules (some of which are not published in a timely manner or at all) that may have retroactive effect. As a result,
we and our post-combination entity may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation.
Such uncertainties, including uncertainty over the scope and effect of our contractual, property (including intellectual property) and
procedural rights, and any failure to respond to changes in the regulatory environment in China could materially and adversely affect
our business and impede our post-combination entity s ability to continue its operations. 

Changes
in the policies, regulations, rules, and the enforcement of laws of the PRC government may occur quickly quick with little advance notice
and could have a significant impact upon our ability to operate profitably in the PRC. 

Our
post-combination entity may conduct most of our operations and most of our revenue is generated in the PRC. Accordingly, economic, political,
and legal developments in the PRC will significantly affect our post-combination entity s business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. Policies, regulations, rules, and the enforcement of laws of the PRC government can have significant effects
on economic conditions in the PRC and the ability of businesses to operate profitably. Our post-combination entity s ability to
operate profitably in the PRC may be adversely affected by changes in policies by the PRC government, including changes in laws, regulations
or their interpretation, particularly those dealing with the Internet, including censorship and other restriction on material which can
be transmitted over the Internet, security, intellectual property, money laundering, taxation and other laws that affect our post-combination
entity s ability to operate its business. 

The
Chinese government may intervene in or influence a PRC company s business operations at any time or exert more oversight and control
over offerings conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based issuers. This could result in a material change in a PRC company s
business operations post business combination and/or the value of its securities. Additionally, governmental and regulatory interference
could significantly limit or completely hinder a target company s ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors
post business combination and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

Statements
by the Chinese government in 2021 have indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas
and/or foreign investments in China-based issuers. The PRC has proposed new rules in 2021 that would require companies collecting or
holding large amounts of data to undergo a cybersecurity review prior to listing in foreign countries, a move that would significantly
tighten oversight over large China-based internet companies. On November 14, 2021, the CAC publicly solicited opinion on the Regulation
on Network Data Security Management (Consultation Draft), which stipulated that data processors that undertake data processing activities
using internet networks within China are required to apply for cybersecurity review if it conducts data processing activities that will
or may have an impact on China s national security. The review is mandatory if the data processor controls more than 1 million
users personal information and intends to be listed in a foreign country, or if the data processor seeks to be listed in Hong
Kong. As of the date of this Form 10-K, the Draft Regulation on Network Data Security Management has not been formally adopted. On December
28, 2021, the CAC, jointly with 12 departments under the State Council, implemented the Measures for Cybersecurity Review, which became
effective on February 15, 2022. According to the Measures for Cybersecurity Review, operators of critical information infrastructure
purchasing network products and services, and data processors carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect China s
national security, are required to conduct a cybersecurity review. Operators, including operators of critical information infrastructure
and data processors, who control more than 1 million users personal information must report to the Cyber Security Review Office
for a cybersecurity review if it intends to be listed in a foreign country. 

49 

On
June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the PRC National People s Congress, or SCNPC, promulgated the PRC Data Security Law, which
took effect in September 2021. The PRC Data Security Law imposes data security and privacy obligations on entities and individuals carrying
out data activities and introduces a data classification and hierarchical protection system based on the importance of data in economic
and social development, and the degree of harm it will cause to national security, public interests, or legitimate rights and interests
of individuals or organizations when such data is tampered with, destroyed, leaked, illegally acquired or used. The PRC Data Security
Law also provides for a national security review procedure for data activities that may affect national security and imposes export restrictions
on certain data and information. On August 20, 2021, the SCNPC adopted the Personal Information Protection Law, which took effect as
of November 1, 2021. The Personal Information Protection Law includes the basic rules for personal information processing, the rules
for cross-border provision of personal information, the rights of individuals in personal information processing activities, the obligations
of personal information processors, and the responsibilities for collection, processing, and use of personal information. 

Because
laws, regulations, or policies in the PRC could change rapidly in the future, any future action by the PRC government expanding the categories
of industries, persons and companies whose foreign securities offerings are subject to review by the CSRC or the CAC could significantly
limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and could cause the value of such securities
to significantly decline or be worthless. Since none of our officers and directors has engaged in data activities or the processing of
personal information in China, we believe our officers and directors are in full compliance with the regulations and policies that have
been issued by the CAC to date. 

Even
if we do not undertake an initial business combination with any entity that is based or located in or that conducts its principal business
operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau), our potential target may, or its customers, vendors or business partners may, collect
or generate data in China. Given that the PRC authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and applying the relevant cybersecurity
and data laws and regulations, there is a risk that any potential target business of ours may be subject to cybersecurity review or other
regulatory actions even though it is not based or located in and does not conduct its principal business operations in China; and in
the event of such a review, our consummation of a business combination could be materially delayed. To avoid such risk, we may avoid
completing an initial business combination with such a target business and instead pursue other opportunities, which may limit the pool
of attractive targets. As a result, our search for a target company may be adversely affected. 

The
PRC governmental authorities may take the view now or in the future that an approval from them is required for an overseas offering by
a company affiliated with Chinese businesses or persons or a business combination with a target business based in and primarily operating
in China. 

The
M A Rules include, among other things, provisions that purport to require that an offshore special purpose vehicle formed for the
purpose of an overseas listing of securities in a PRC company obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of such
special purpose vehicle s securities on an overseas stock exchange. On September 21, 2006, the CSRC published on its official website
procedures specifying documents and materials required to be submitted to it by special purpose vehicles seeking CSRC s approval
of overseas listings. However, substantial uncertainty remains regarding the scope and applicability of the M A Rules and the CSRC
approval requirement to offshore special purpose vehicles. 

Moreover,
except for emphasizing the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities, and the need to strengthen the supervision
over overseas listings by Chinese companies, the Opinions, which was made available to the public on July 6, 2021, also provides that
the State Council will revise provisions regarding the overseas issuance and listing of shares by companies limited by shares and will
clarify the duties of domestic regulatory authorities. 

On
December 24, 2021, the State Council published the draft Administrative Provisions on the Overseas Issuance and Listing of Securities
by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments) (the Administrative Provisions ), and the CSRC published the draft Measures for
Record-filings of the Overseas Issuance and Listing of Securities by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments) (the Administrative
Measures ), for public comment. Pursuant to Article 2 of the Administrative Provisions, domestic enterprises that (i) offer shares,
depository receipts, convertible notes or other equity securities overseas, or (ii) list securities on an overseas stock exchange, must
complete record-filing procedures and report the relevant information to the CSRC. The CSRC shall determine the record-filing method.
Pursuant to the Article 2 of the Administrative Measures, domestic enterprises that directly or indirectly offer or list securities on
an overseas stock exchange shall file with the CSRC within three business days after submitting their initial public offering and/or
listing application documents. The requested filing documents include but are not limited to: (1) a filing report and related undertakings;
(2) regulatory opinions, filing or approval documents issued by the relevant authorities (if applicable); (3) security review opinions
issued by the relevant authorities, if applicable; (4) a PRC legal opinion; and (5) a prospectus. 

50 

On
December 27, 2021, the NDRC and the MOFCOM jointly promulgated the Special Administrative Measure (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign
Investment (2021 Version), or the Negative List, which became effective on January 1, 2022. According to Article 6 of the Negative List,
domestic enterprises engaging in businesses in which foreign investment is prohibited shall obtain approval from the relevant authorities
before offering and listing their shares on an overseas stock exchange. In addition, certain foreign investors shall not be involved
in the operation or management of the relevant enterprise, and shareholding percentage restrictions under relevant domestic securities
investment management regulations shall apply to such foreign investors. 

Based
on our understanding of the current PRC laws and regulations in effect at the time of this Form 10-K, no prior permission is required
under the M A Rules, the Opinions or the Negative List from any PRC governmental authorities (including the CSRC) for consummating
our Initial Public Offering by our company, given that: (a) the CSRC currently has not issued any definitive rule or interpretation concerning
whether offerings like ours under this Form 10-K are subject to the M A Rules; and (b) our company is a blank check company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands rather than China and currently the company conducts no business in China. However, there remains some uncertainty
as to how the M A Rules, the Opinions, or the Administrative Provisions and the Administrative Measures, if enacted, will be interpreted
or implemented in the context of an overseas offering or if we decide to consummate the business combination with a target business based
in and primarily operating in China. If the CSRC or another PRC governmental authority subsequently determines that its approval is needed
for our Initial Public Offering, or a business combination with a target business based in and primarily operating in China, we may face
approval delays, adverse actions or sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC governmental authorities. In any such event, these governmental
authorities may delay our Initial Public Offering or a potential business combination, impose fines and penalties, limit our operations
in China, or take other actions that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation
and prospects, as well as the trading price of our securities. 

As
of the date of this Form 10-K, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, sanctions or regulatory objection to our Initial Public
Offering from the CSRC or any other PRC governmental authorities. 

Our
company is a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. We currently do not hold any equity interest in any
PRC company or operate any business in China. Therefore, we are not required to obtain any permission from any PRC governmental authorities
to operate our business as currently conducted. If we decide to consummate our business combination with a target business based in and
primarily operating in China, the combined company s business operations in China through its subsidiaries are subject to relevant
requirements to obtain applicable licenses from PRC governmental authorities under relevant PRC laws and regulations. 

If
we select a business combination target that operates in the PRC, the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC ),
the Cybersecurity Review Office CRO ), the Central Cyberspace Affairs Commission and/or other PRC authority may be required
for our initial business combination under PRC law. 

The
Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors (the M A Rules requires overseas
special purpose vehicles that are controlled by PRC companies or individuals formed for the purpose of seeking a public listing on an
overseas stock exchange through acquisitions of PRC domestic companies using shares of such special purpose vehicles or held by their
shareholders as considerations to obtain the approval of the CSRC, prior to the listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle s
securities on an overseas stock exchange. However, the application of the M A Rules remains unclear. If CSRC approval is required
for our initial business combination, it is uncertain whether it would be possible for us to obtain the approval. Any failure to obtain
or delay in obtaining CSRC approval for our initial business combination would subject us to sanctions imposed by the CSRC and other
PRC regulatory agencies. 

51 

Additionally,
on July 10, 2021, the Cybersecurity Administration of China released a draft of the revised Cybersecurity Review Measures for public
consultation until July 25, 2021 (the 2021 Measures ). The 2021 Measures apply to any business operator that holds the personal
information of more than one million users when it intends to seek a foreign listing. Upon receipt of an application, if the CRO decides
to conduct a review, the CRO will complete a preliminary review and send recommendations to a designated body of members of the network
security review mechanism and certain government departments for further consideration. The CSRC has been added in the 2021 Measures
to the list of mainland Chinese authorities that are to be involved in formulating the national network security review mechanism. This
means that the CSRC can instruct the CRO to obtain approval from the Central Cyberspace Affairs Commission to conduct a cybersecurity
review of any proposed foreign public offering of a mainland Chinese operator where the capital markets regulator considers the listing
affects or is likely to affect China s national security. The proposed rules might impact the timetable of our initial business
combination and the certainty of our initial business combination, if the target company we have identified is subject to the 2021 Measures
or the final Cybersecurity Review Measures. 

Further
regulations or regulatory actions in the PRC could affect the timetable and closing certainty of our Initial Public Offering and/or our
initial business combination. 

Further,
on July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council of
the PRC jointly issued the Opinion on Strictly Punishing Illegal Securities Activities according to Law (the Opinion ). The Opinion specifies the target of upgrading the securities law-enforcement and judicial systems by 2022
and 2025, including effectively curbing the frequent occurrence of major illegal and criminal cases, as well as making notable advances
in the transparency, standardization and credibility in the securities law-enforcement and judicial system. In particular, Clause 5 of
the Opinion is entitled Further Enhancing Cross-Border Regulatory Oversight, Enforcement and Judicial Cooperation. The
Opinion may require or facilitate further regulations or regulatory actions applicable to Chinese companies seeking to be listed overseas,
including in the U.S., which regulations could be applicable to our Initial Public Offering, our initial business combination or the
target company we identify and impact the timetable and closing certainty of our Initial Public Offering and/or our initial business
combination. 

The
M A Rules and certain other People s Republic of China regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions of Chinese
companies by foreign investors, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue an acquisition in China. 

The
M A Rules and some other regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions established additional procedures and requirements
that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex, including requirements in some
instances that MOFCOM be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC
domestic enterprise. Moreover, the Anti-Monopoly Law requires that the MOFCOM shall be notified in advance of any concentration of undertaking
if certain thresholds are triggered. In addition, the security review rules issued by the MOFCOM that became effective in September 2011
specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise national defense and security concerns and mergers
and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise national security 
concerns are subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review, including
by structuring the transaction through a proxy or contractual control arrangement. In the future, we may acquire a complementary business.
Complying with the requirements of the above-mentioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such transactions could be time-consuming,
and any required approval processes, including obtaining approval from the MOFCOM or its local counterparts may delay or inhibit our
ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Substantial
uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law and how it may impact our ability
to pursue an acquisition in China. 

On
March 15, 2019, the PRC National People s Congress approved the Foreign Investment Law, which came into effect on January 1, 2020
and replaces the trio of existing laws regulating foreign investment in the PRC, namely, the Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise
Law, the Sino-Foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Enterprise Law and the Wholly Foreign-Invested Enterprise Law, together with their implementation
rules and ancillary regulations and become the legal foundation for foreign investment in the PRC. Meanwhile, the Implementation Regulation
of the Foreign Investment Law and the Measures for Reporting of Information on Foreign Investment came into effect as of January 1, 2020,
which clarified and elaborated the relevant provisions of the Foreign Investment Law. 

52 

The
Foreign Investment Law sets out the basic regulatory framework for foreign investments and proposes to implement a system of pre-entry
national treatment with a negative list for foreign investments, pursuant to which (i) foreign entities and individuals are prohibited
from investing in the areas that are not open to foreign investments, (ii) foreign investments in the restricted industries must satisfy
certain requirements under the law, and (iii) foreign investments in business sectors outside of the negative list will be treated equally
with domestic investments. The Foreign Investment Law also sets forth necessary mechanisms to facilitate, protect and manage foreign
investments and proposes to establish a foreign investment information reporting system, through which foreign investors or foreign-invested
enterprises are required to submit initial report, report of changes, report of deregistration and annual report relating to their investments
to the Ministry of Commerce, or MOFCOM, or its local branches. 

If,
after our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets will be located in China and substantially all of our revenue
will be derived from our operations there, our results of operations and prospects and trading prices of our securities will be subject,
to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in China as well as litigation and
publicity surrounding China-based companies listed in the United States. 

The
economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of China could affect our business. The economies in Asia
differ from the economies of most developed countries in many respects. For the most part, such economies have grown at a rate in excess
of the United States; however, (1) such economic growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy
and (2) such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows
at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain
industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial
business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

We
believe that litigation and negative publicity surrounding companies with operations in China that are listed in the United States have
negatively impacted stock prices for these companies. Various equity-based research organizations have published reports on China-based
companies after examining their corporate governance practices, related party transactions, sales practices and financial statements,
and these reports have led to special investigations and listing suspensions on U.S. national exchanges. Any similar scrutiny of our
assets and operation, in China, if any, regardless of its lack of merit, could result in a diversion of management resources and energy,
potential costs to defend ourselves against rumors, decreases and volatility in the trading price of our securities, and increased directors
and officers insurance premiums and could have an adverse effect upon our business, including our results of operations, financial condition,
cash flows and prospects. 

China s
economic, political and social conditions, as well as changes in any government policies, laws, and regulations, could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

A
substantial portion of our operations may be conducted in China, and a significant portion of our net revenues may be derived from customers
where the contracting entity is located in China. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects, and
certain transactions we may undertake may be subject, to a significant extent, to economic, political, and legal developments in China. 

China s
economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the amount of government involvement, level
of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While the PRC economy has experienced significant
growth in the past two to three decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. Demand
for target services and products depends, in large part, on economic conditions in China. Any slowdown in China s economic growth
may cause our potential customers to delay or cancel their plans to purchase our services and products, which in turn could reduce our
net revenues. 

Although
China s economy has been transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy since the late 1970s, the PRC government
continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The PRC government also exercises
significant control over China s economic growth through allocating resources, controlling the incurrence and payment of foreign
currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy, and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies.
Changes in any of these policies, laws and regulations could adversely affect the economy in China and could have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

53 

The
PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage foreign investment and sustainable economic growth and to guide the allocation
of financial and other resources. However, we cannot assure you that the PRC government will not repeal or alter these measures or introduce
new measures that will have a negative effect on us. China s social and political conditions may change and become unstable. Any
sudden changes to China s political system or the occurrence of widespread social unrest could have a material adverse effect on
our business and results of operations. 

We
may face additional and distinctive risks if we acquire a financial technology business. 

Business
combinations with financial technology businesses may involve special considerations and risks. If we complete our initial business combination
with a financial technology business, we will be subject to the following risks, any of which could be detrimental to us and the business
we acquire: 

If
 the company or business we acquire provides products or services which relate to the facilitation of financial transactions, such
 as funds or securities settlement system, and such product or service fails or is compromised, we may be subject to claims from both
 the firms to whom we provide our products and services and the clients they serve; 

If
 we are unable to keep pace with evolving technology and changes in the financial services industry, our revenues and future prospects
 may decline; 

Our
 ability to provide financial technology products and services to customers may be reduced or eliminated by regulatory changes; 

Any
 business or company we acquire could be vulnerable to cyberattack or theft of individual identities or personal data; 

Difficulties
 with any products or services we provide could damage our reputation and business; 

A
 failure to comply with privacy regulations could adversely affect relations with customers and have a negative impact on business; 

We
 may not be able to protect our intellectual property and we may be subject to infringement claims; and 

We
 and any business or company we acquire may not be able to adapt to the complex and evolving regulatory environment for financial
 technology services in China. 

Any
of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying
prospective target businesses will not be limited to financial technology businesses. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in
another industry, these risks will likely not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in
which we operate or target business which we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. 

If
we merge with a China-based operating company, then PRC regulation on loans to, and direct investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding
companies and governmental control in currency conversion may delay or prevent us from making loans to or making additional capital contributions
to our PRC entity, if any, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

We
are an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability structured as a blank check company and may conduct
our operations in China through a PRC entity. As permitted under PRC laws and regulations, we may make loans to our PRC entity subject
to the approval from governmental authorities and limitation of amount, or we may make additional capital contributions to our PRC entity.
Furthermore, loans by us to our PRC entity to finance its activities cannot exceed the difference between their respective total project
investment amount and registered capital or 2.5 times of their net worth and capital contributions to our PRC entity will be subject
to the requirement of making necessary filings in the Foreign Investment Comprehensive Management Information System and registration
with other governmental authorities in China. 

54 

The
SAFE promulgated the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement
of Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprises, or Circular 19, effective on June 1, 2015, in replacement of the Circular on the Relevant
Operating Issues Concerning the Improvement of the Administration of the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested
Enterprises, the Notice from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Relevant Issues Concerning Strengthening the Administration
of Foreign Exchange Businesses, and the Circular on Further Clarification and Regulation of the Issues Concerning the Administration
of Certain Capital Account Foreign Exchange Businesses. According to SAFE Circular 19, the flow and use of the RMB capital converted
from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested company is regulated such that RMB capital may not be used
for the issuance of RMB entrusted loans, the repayment of inter-enterprise loans or the repayment of bank loans that have been transferred
to a third party. Although SAFE Circular 19 allows RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested
enterprise to be used for equity investments within the PRC, it also reiterates the principle that RMB converted from the foreign currency-denominated
capital of a foreign-invested company may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business scope. Thus, it is unclear
whether the SAFE will permit such capital to be used for equity investments in the PRC in actual practice. The SAFE promulgated the Notice
of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming and Standardizing the Foreign Exchange Settlement Management Policy of Capital
Account, or SAFE Circular 16, effective on June 9, 2016, which reiterates some of the rules set forth in SAFE Circular 19, but changes
the prohibition against using RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested company
to issue RMB entrusted loans to a prohibition against using such capital to grant loans to non-associated enterprises. Violations of
SAFE Circular 19 and SAFE Circular 16 could result in administrative penalties. SAFE Circular 19 and SAFE Circular 16 may significantly
limit our ability to transfer any foreign currency we hold, including the net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering, to our PRC entity,
which may adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business in the PRC. 

In
light of the various requirements imposed by PRC regulations on loans to, and direct investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding
companies, and the fact that the PRC government may at its discretion restrict access to foreign currencies for current account transactions
in the future, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain the necessary government
approvals on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future loans by us to our PRC entity or with respect to future capital contributions
by us to our PRC entity. If we merge with a China-based operating company, and if we fail to complete such registrations or obtain such
approvals, our ability to use the proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and to capitalize or otherwise fund our PRC operations may
be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

If
we successfully consummate a business combination with a target business with primary operations in the PRC, we will be subject to restrictions
on dividend payments following consummation of our initial business combination. 

After
we consummate our initial business combination, we may rely on dividends and other distributions from our operating company to provide
us with cash flow and to meet our other obligations. Current regulations in China would permit our operating company in China to pay
dividends to us only out of its accumulated distributable profits, if any, determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards
and regulations. 

In
addition, our operating company in China will be required to set aside at least 10 (up to an aggregate amount equal to half of its registered
capital) of its accumulated profits each year. Each of our PRC subsidiaries as a foreign invested enterprise, is also required to further
set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare fund, although the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined
at its discretion. Such cash reserve may not be distributed as cash dividends. In addition, if our operating company in China incurs
debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other payments
to us. 

In
addition, the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules provide that a withholding tax rate of up to 10 will be applicable
to dividends payable by Chinese companies to non-PRC-resident enterprises unless otherwise exempted or reduced according to treaties
or arrangements between the PRC central government and governments of other countries or regions where the non-PRC resident enterprises
are incorporated. 

55 

Governmental
control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our net revenue effectively and affect the value of your investment. 

Following
our initial business combination with a PRC target company, we will be subject to the PRC s rules and regulations on currency conversion.
In the PRC, the SAFE regulates the conversion of the Renminbi into foreign currencies. The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility
of the Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. 

Under
PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and trade and
service-related foreign exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval of SAFE by complying with certain
procedural requirements. Under existing exchange restrictions, without prior approval of SAFE, cash generated from PRC subsidiaries in
China may be used to pay dividends. 

However,
approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required where Renminbi is to be converted into foreign currency
and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government
may at its discretion restrict access to foreign currencies for current account transactions in the future. If the foreign exchange control
system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy our foreign currency demands, we may not pay dividends in
foreign currencies to our shareholders. 

PRC
regulatory authorities could impose further restrictions on the convertibility of the Renminbi. Any future restrictions on currency exchanges
may limit our ability to use the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering in an initial business combination with a PRC target company
and the use our cash flow for the distribution of dividends to our shareholders or to fund operations we may have outside of the PRC. 

If
we merge with a China-based operating company, then there are significant uncertainties under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law relating
to the withholding tax liabilities of the PRC entity, and dividends payable by the PRC entity to our offshore entity may not qualify
for certain treaty benefits. 

Under
the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law PRC EIT Law and its implementation rules, if following our initial business combination
we are a non-resident enterprise, that is, an enterprise lawfully incorporated pursuant to the laws of a foreign country (region) that
has an office or premises established in China with no actual management functions performed in China, or an enterprise that has income
derived from or accruing in China although it does not have an office or premises in China, will be subject to a withholding tax rate
of 10 . Under the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues regarding the Administration of the Dividend Provision in
Tax Treaties promulgated on February 20, 2009, the taxpayer needs to satisfy certain conditions to utilize the benefits under a tax treaty.
These conditions include: (1) the taxpayer must be the beneficial owner of the relevant dividends, and (2) the corporate shareholder
to receive dividends from the PRC entity must have continuously met the direct ownership thresholds during the 12 consecutive months
preceding the receipt of the dividends. Further, under Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Relating to Beneficial
Owner in Tax Treaties, which took effect on April 1, 2018, a Beneficial Owner shall mean a person who has ownership
and control over the income and the rights and property from which the income is derived. To determine the beneficial owner 
status of a resident of the treaty counterparty who needs to take advantage of the tax treaty benefits, a comprehensive analysis shall
be carried out, taking into account actual conditions of the specific case. 

Entitlement
to a lower tax rate on dividends according to tax treaties or arrangements between the PRC central government and governments of other
countries or regions is subject to Announcement of State Taxation Administration on Promulgation of the Administrative Measures on Non-resident
Taxpayers Enjoying Treaty Benefits, or Circular 35. Circular 35 provides that non-resident enterprises are not required to obtain pre-approval
from the relevant tax authority in order to enjoy the reduced withholding tax. Instead, non-resident enterprises and their withholding
agents may, by self-assessment and on confirmation that the prescribed criteria to enjoy the tax treaty benefits are met, directly apply
the reduced withholding tax rate, and file necessary forms and supporting documents when performing tax filings, which will be subject
to post-tax filing examinations by the relevant tax authorities. 

In
addition, in response to the persistent capital outflow in China and the RMB s depreciation against the U.S. dollar in the fourth
quarter of 2016, the People s Bank of China and SAFE promulgated a series of capital control measures in early 2017, including
stricter vetting procedures for domestic companies to remit foreign currency for overseas investments, dividends payments and shareholder
loan repayments. The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls, and more restrictions and substantial vetting process
may be put forward by SAFE for cross-border transactions falling under both the current account and the capital account. Any limitation
on the ability of us to pay dividends or make other kinds of payments to us following our initial business combination could materially
and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or
otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

56 

U.S.
laws and regulations, including the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act, may restrict or eliminate our ability to complete a business combination with certain companies. 

Future
developments in U.S. laws may restrict our ability or willingness to complete certain business combinations with companies. For instance,
the recently enacted Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act HFCAA would restrict our ability to consummate a business
combination with a target business unless that business met certain standards of the PCAOB and would require delisting of a company from
U.S. national securities exchanges if the PCAOB is unable to inspect its public accounting firm for three consecutive years. The HFCAA
also requires public companies to disclose, among other things, whether they are owned or controlled by a foreign government, specifically,
those based in China. Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act AHFCAA ), which, if signed into law, would amend the HFCAA and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities
from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three
consecutive years. 

The
documentation we may be required to submit to the SEC proving certain beneficial ownership requirements and establishing that we are
not owned or controlled by a foreign government in the event that we use a foreign public accounting firm not subject to inspection by
the PCAOB or where the PCAOB is unable to completely inspect or investigate our accounting practices or financial statements because
of a position taken by an authority in the foreign jurisdiction could be onerous and time-consuming to prepare. HFCAA mandates the SEC
to identify issuers of SEC-registered securities whose audited financial reports are prepared by an accounting firm that the PCAOB is
unable to inspect due to restrictions imposed by an authority in the foreign jurisdiction where the audits are performed. If such identified
issuer s auditor cannot be inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive years, the trading of such issuer s securities on
any U.S. national securities exchanges, as well as any over-the-counter trading in the U.S., will be prohibited. 

On
March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements
of the HFCAA. We will be required to comply with these rules if the SEC identifies us as having a non-inspection year under
a process to be subsequently established by the SEC. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed a bill which, if passed by the U.S. House
of Representatives and signed into law, would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions
under the HFCAA from three years to two. 

On
November 5, 2021, the SEC approved the PCAOB s Rule 6100, Board Determinations Under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act. Rule 6100 provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated under the HFCAA, whether it is unable to inspect
or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or
more authorities in that jurisdiction. 

On
December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit
report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or
investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in foreign jurisdictions. 

On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that it was unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered
public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and in Hong Kong, because of positions taken by Chinese authorities in those
jurisdictions. The PCAOB made its determinations pursuant to PCAOB Rule 6100, which provides a framework for how the PCAOB fulfills its
responsibilities under the HFCAA. The report further listed in its Appendix A and Appendix B, Registered Public Accounting Firms Subject
to the Mainland China Determination and Registered Public Accounting Firms Subject to the Hong Kong Determination, respectively. 

57 

On
August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Finance
of the PRC, taking the first step toward opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered
in mainland China and Hong Kong completely, consistent with U.S. law. The Statement of Protocol gives the PCAOB sole discretion to select
the firms, audit engagements and potential violations it inspects and investigates and put in place procedures for PCAOB inspectors and
investigators to view complete audit work papers with all information included and for the PCAOB to retain information as needed. In
addition, the Statement of Protocol grants the PCAOB direct access to interview and take testimony from all personnel associated with
the audits the PCAOB inspects or investigates. While significant, uncertainties still exist as to how the Statement of Protocol will
be implemented and whether the applicable parties will comply with the framework. 

Our
auditor UHY LLP is headquartered in New York, NY, and was not identified in the PCAOB s report as a firm subject to the PCAOB s
determination. However, if it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditor because of
a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction (including, without limitation, PRC government), we will be required by the
HCFAA and, if enacted, the AHFCAA, to delist from Nasdaq because the PCAOB is unable to conduct inspections on such auditor, and our
securities are unable to be listed on another securities exchange by the time of such potential delisting, then such a delisting would
substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase our securities when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated
with a potential delisting would have a negative impact on the price of our securities. 

In
the event that we complete a business combination with a company with substantial operations in a foreign jurisdiction and any of the
legislative actions or regulatory changes discussed above were to proceed in ways that are detrimental to issuers based in that jurisdiction,
it could cause us to fail to be in compliance with U.S. securities laws and regulations, we could cease to be listed on a U.S. securities
exchange, and U.S. trading of our shares could be prohibited. Any of these actions, or uncertainties in the market about the possibility
of such actions, could adversely affect our prospects to successfully complete a business combination, our access to the U.S. capital
markets and the price of our shares. 

Other
developments in U.S. laws and regulatory environment, including but not limited to executive orders such as Executive Order (E.O.) 13959,
 Addressing the Threat from Securities Investments That Finance Communist Chinese Military Companies, may further restrict
our ability to complete a business combination with certain businesses. 

General
Risk Factors 

Unanticipated
changes in our effective tax rate or challenges by tax authorities could harm our future results. 

We
may become subject to income taxes in various other jurisdictions in the future. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by
changes in the allocation of our pre-tax earnings and losses among countries with differing statutory tax rates, in certain non-deductible
expenses as a result of acquisitions, in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or in federal, state, local or non-U.S.
tax laws and accounting principles, including increased tax rates, new tax laws or revised interpretations of existing tax laws and precedents.
Increases in our effective tax rate would adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we may be subject to income tax audits
by various tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The application of tax laws in such jurisdictions may be subject to diverging and
sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities in these jurisdictions. Although we believe our income tax liabilities are reasonably
estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, an adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions
in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that period. 

Because
we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. 

We
are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service
of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the U.S. courts against
our directors or officers. 

58 

Our
corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same
may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities
laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the
fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman
Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands
as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the
Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different
from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands
has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, may have more fully developed and judicially
interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative
action in a federal court of the United States. 

Because
our Chairman of the Board and two of our directors are residents of China, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and
your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. 

Our
Chairman of the Board, Pengfei Zheng, and two of our directors, Shu Wang and Li (Helen) Wei, are residents of China. China has no arrangement
for the reciprocal enforcement of judgments with the United States. PRC courts may only recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance
with the requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures Law based either on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made
or on principles of reciprocity between jurisdictions. This is reflected in a number of bilateral treaties signed by China, which provide
that lack of jurisdiction of the judgment court can be a ground for refusal. Further, a foreign judgment cannot be recognized and enforced
in China if a Chinese court has rendered a judgment on the same subject matter or recognized and enforced another foreign judgment or
arbitral award on the same subject matter. In addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law, the PRC courts will not enforce a
foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates the basic principles of PRC laws
or national sovereignty, security, or public interest. China has no treaties or other forms of written arrangement with the United States
that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect
service of process within the United States upon us or our Chairman and our directors who are residents of China, or to enforce judgments
in China (including Hong Kong and Macau) that are obtained in U.S. courts against us or such individuals, including judgments predicated
upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. Even with proper service of process,
the enforcement of judgments obtained in U.S. courts or foreign courts based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities
laws would be extremely difficult given the PRC Civil Procedures Law and the lack of a treaty or principles of reciprocity providing
for the recognition and enforcement of U.S. judgments. Furthermore, there would be added costs and issues with bringing an original action
in foreign courts to enforce liabilities based on the U.S. federal securities laws against us or our officers and directors, and they
still may be fruitless. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results
of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply
with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult,
time consuming and costly. 

Those
laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material
adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations,
as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our
initial business combination and results of operations. 

On
March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions
involving SPACs and private operating companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell
companies; effectively limiting the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions;
increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs
could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or
in revised form, may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase
the costs and time related thereto. 

59 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, this could make
our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and
exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including
if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case
we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities
less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance
on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading
market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of
the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock
held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100
million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as
of the prior June 30 th . To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison
of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature
 of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 

60 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and
complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to
buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to
be a passive investor. 

We
do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held
in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust
agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these
instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and
selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company 
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Our Initial Public Offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on
investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the
earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our primary business objective, which is a business combination; (ii) the redemption of any
public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
to modify (A) the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to
redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial
Public Offering, or if we decide to extend the period of time to consummate our business combination, within 18 months from the closing
of our Initial Public Offering (as further described in this Form 10-K) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent a business combination, our return of the
funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds
as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company
Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may
hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders
may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights will expire worthless. In certain
circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See 
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors in this section. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, on March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, the extent to which
SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The SEC s proposed rules would provide a safe
harbor for companies like our company from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment
Company Act, provided that they satisfy certain conditions that limit a company s duration, asset composition, business purpose
and activities. The duration component of the proposed safe harbor rule would require the company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K
with the SEC announcing that it has entered into an agreement with the target company (or companies) to engage in an initial business
combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the company s registration statement for its initial public offering.
The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of its
registration statement for its initial public offering. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may
materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time
related thereto. 

61 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated
filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control
over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank
check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public
companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to
achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that
shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the
board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, which may make the removal of management more
difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We
may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the
opportunity for our shareholders to elect directors. 

In
accordance with NASDAQ corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year
after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NASDAQ. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual
or general meetings to appoint directors until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity
to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being
appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year
term. In addition, as holders of our common stock, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors
until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, only holders
of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, including in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial
business combination. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTY 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at 420 Lexington Ave, Room 2446, New York, NY 10170. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay
to our sponsor for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative services. We consider our current office space adequate
for our current operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

62 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
units, common stock and rights are each traded on the Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq under the symbols
 ATMVU, ATMV, and ATMVR, respectively. Our units commenced public
trading on December 23, 2022, and our common stock and rights commenced separate trading on January 25,
2023. 

Holders 

As of March 28, 2023, we had three holders of record of our common stock,
one holder of record of our rights and three holders of record of our units. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends. The payment of cash dividends
in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition and will
be within the discretion of our board of directors. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Unregistered
Sale of Equity Securities 

On February 7, 2022, our sponsor acquired 1,725,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. We
also issued an aggregate of 125,000 EBC founder shares to EBC on July 11, 2022 for an aggregate purchase price of 1,750. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, pursuant to the Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the private sale of 365,000
units (the Private Placement Units to the Sponsor and 25,000 Private Placement Units to EBC at a purchase price of 10.00
per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 3,900,000. The Private Placement Units are identical to the
Units sold in the IPO. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Private Placement
Units was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. No
underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Private Placement Units was made pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On December 29, 2022, simultaneously
with the sale of the over-allotment Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional 37,904 Private Placement Units to
the Sponsor and 2,596 Private Placements to EBC, generating additional gross proceeds of 405,000. 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
December 22, 2022, the Company consummated the initial public offering of 6,000,000 Units (the Units and, with respect
to the Common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), including 900,000 Units that were issued pursuant
to the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full on December 29, 2022, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of 73,305,000. 

63 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 365,000 Private Placement Units to the Sponsor and 25,000
Private Placement Units to EBC at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of
 3,900,000. On December 29, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the over-allotment Units, the Company consummated the private sale
of an additional 37,904 Private Placement Units to the Sponsor and 2,596 Private Placements to EBC, generating additional gross proceeds
of 405,000. 

The
underwriter was paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 1,725,000 in the aggregate upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. 

On
June 3, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note to our Sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which we received
proceeds of 150,000 to cover expenses related to the initial public offering. As of December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Promissory Note and the Promissory Note then
expired. 

Transaction
costs related to the issuances described above amounted to 3,734,629 consisting of 1,725,000 of underwriting fees, 629,929 of
other offering costs, and 1,425,000 to trust account. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, the total net proceeds
from the initial public offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units 71,030,000 (or 10.20 per share sold in the initial
public offering) was placed in the Trust Account. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References
to the Company, our, us or we refer to AlphaVest Acquisition Corp. The following
discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited
financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors.
Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results
may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth
under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
were incorporated in the Cayman Islands on January 14, 2022 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. 

Results
of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events 

We
have not generated any revenues to date, and we will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our
initial Business Combination. Our entire activity up to December 31, 2022 has been related to our formation, the Initial Public Offering
and, since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and a search for a Business Combination target. We have, and expect to continue
to generate, non-operating income in the form of interest income and unrealized gains on investments held in the Trust Account. We expect
to continue to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing
compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with the search for a Business Combination target. 

64 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational
activities and those necessary to prepare for the IPO. Following the IPO, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion
of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents
after the IPO. After the IPO, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as expenses as we conduct due diligence on prospective business combination candidates.
We expect our expenses to increase substantially after the closing of the IPO. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net loss of 42,578, which consisted of operating cost of 80,806, offset by interest income
on investment held in the Trust Account of 38,228. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources, and Going Concern 

On
December 22, 2022, we consummated the IPO of 6,000,000 Units, and, with respect to the shares of
common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 60,000,000. Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 390,000 Private Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit
in a private placement to the Sponsor and EBC (365,000 private units to Sponsor and 25,000 private units to EBC), generating gross proceeds
of 3,900,000. 

On
December 29, 2022, the underwriter fully exercised their over-allotment option, resulting in an additional 900,000 Units issued for an
aggregate amount of 9,000,000. In connection with the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, we also consummated
the sale of an additional 40,500 Private Units to the Sponsor and EBC on a pro rata basis (37,904 private units to the Sponsor and 2,596
private units to EBC) at 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 405,000. 

Following
the full exercise of over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Units, an amount of 70,380,000 10.20 per Unit) was placed
in the trust account. The funds held in the trust account may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth
in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of
185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by us meeting the conditions
of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination
or (ii) the distribution of the trust account. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 70,418,228 (including 38,228 of interest income) consisting
of U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 185 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to
pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we have not withdrawn any interest earned from the Trust Account. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust
account, to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as
consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working
capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 659,035. We will use these funds to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due
diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses
or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure,
negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination,
our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a
non-interest bearing basis as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In
the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account
to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Other than as described above,
the terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe
third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust
account. 

65 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following the IPO in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our
business. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating
an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate
our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial
business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon completion of our initial
business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. In
addition, we are targeting businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Units,
and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance
with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced
to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient,
we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

There
is no assurance that our plans to consummate a business combination will be successful within the combination period. As a result, there
is substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial
statements are issued or are available to be issued. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management
believes that the funds which the Company has available following the completion of the Initial Public Offering will enable it to sustain
operations for a period of at least one-year from the issuance date of this financial statement. However, management has determined that
the combination period is less than one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements. There is no assurance that the
Company s plans to consummate a business combination will be successful within the combination period. As a result, there is substantial
doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are
issued or are available to be issued. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the
uncertainty. 

The
change in cash for the year ended December 31, 2022 was an increase of 659,035 and was comprised of cash used in investing activities
of 70,380,000 and cash provided by financing activities of 71,039,035. The investing and financing activities related to the IPO proceeds
and investing the proceeds in the trust account. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable
interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other
entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term
liabilities, other than an agreement to pay TenX Global Capital LP a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support. The arrangement will terminate upon the earlier of the Company s
consummation of a Business Combination or its liquidation. 

66 

EBC
will be entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 0.35 per Unit, or 2,415,000 in the aggregate, payable upon the consummation of
the Company s initial business combination. In addition, the Company will pay EBC a cash fee in an amount equal to 1.0 of the
total consideration payable in the initial Business Combination if it introduces the Company to the target business with whom it completes
an initial Business Combination provided that the foregoing fee will not be paid prior to the date that is 60 days from the effective
date of the Proposed Public Offering, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation
in connection with the Proposed Public Offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Common
Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability
instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights
that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our
control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common
stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future
events. Accordingly, the common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders 
equity section of our balance sheet. 

Net
Income (Loss) per Common Share 

We
comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per
Share. The statements of operations include a presentation of income (loss) per redeemable public share and income (loss) per non-redeemable
share following the two-class method of income per share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the public
redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, we first considered the total income (loss) allocable to both sets of shares. This is calculated
using the total net income (loss) less any dividends paid. For purposes of calculating net income (loss) per share, any remeasurement
of the accretion to redemption value of the common shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to our public
shareholders. Subsequent to calculating the total income (loss) allocable to both sets of shares, we split the amount to be allocated
using a ratio of 9 for the Public Shares and 91 for the non-redeemable shares for the period from January 14, 2022 (inception) through
December 31, 2022, reflective of the respective participation rights. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted
into common shares and then share in our earnings. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the periods
presented. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our financial statements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our IPO, the net proceeds
of our IPO, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185
days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments,
we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

67 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting
or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the
SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

68 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Pengfei Zheng 
 
 35 
 
 Chairman of
 the Board of Directors 
 
 Yong (David) Yan 
 
 49 
 
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 
 
 Song (Steve) Jing 
 
 50 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Shu Wang 
 
 35 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Li (Helen) Wei 
 
 52 
 
 Independent Director 

Pengfei
Zheng , our Chairman of the Board of Directors, is an experienced executive in the finance industry with significant experience
in capital raising and project management.. Mr. Zheng has been serving as the Chairman of Peace Capital Limited, a company principally
engaged in private equity investment and asset management, since November 2021. Mr. Zheng is the founder and President of Shenzhen Guoxing
Capital, a company that specializes in investments and management, since June 2015. Mr. Zheng received his bachelor s degree in
Computer Science and Technology from Xiangtan University, China in 2009. Mr. Zheng was selected to serve on the Board of Directors due
to his public company and capital raising experience. 

Yong
(David) Yan , our Chief Executive Officer, has been a partner at the Shanghai-based V-Stone Capital since January 2014, where
he oversees fund raising and private equity investments in FinTech, BlockChain, Big Data, Healthcare and other areas. Prior to joining
V-Stone Capital, Dr. Yan was the General Manager and CIO of Hubei Hongtai Industrial Investment Fund, a private equity fund of funds.
Previously, Dr. Yan was a Managing Director of Fosun Group, one of the largest private conglomerates in China, where he was in charge
of investments in the financial sectors, such as online financial platform, securitization and fin-tech, as well as building an in-house
P2P platform. Prior to joining the Fosun Group, Dr. Yan was the General Manager of New Product Development at Lufax, one of the world s
largest fintech companies, owned by PingAn Group. Prior to moving to China in early 2014, Dr. Yan worked on Wall Street for almost 15
years, including 10 years at Credit Suisse, as the head of research of the global structured product market. Dr. Yan also worked at other
financial firms such as Merrill Lynch. Dr. Yan is the ex-President of TCFA (The Chinese Finance Association) in New York. He is also
a Vice President of Zhongguancun Private Equity Venture Capital Association (ZVCA) in Beijing. Mr. Yan holds a Ph.D. in Finance
from the University of Alabama and is a CFA charter holder. Dr. Yan was selected to serve on the Board of Directors due to his fund raising
and private equity experience. 

Song
(Steve) Jing , our Chief Financial Officer, is a seasoned international finance and management executive. He has in-depth knowledge
of global capital markets and broad management experience in capital markets operation, finance management, investment, and acquisitions
across multiple cultures. From 2019 to 2021, Mr. Jing served as Chief Financial Officer of Guolian Securities, a mid-sized securities
firm. From 2016 to 2018, Mr. Jing served as Deputy Chief Financial Officer of China Renaissance, a leading boutique Chinese investment
bank. From 2011 to 2016, Mr. Jing served as Executive Director of Finance, Business Development, and Investment of CITIC Securities.
From 2006 to 2010, Mr. Jing served as Vice President of Global Principal Investment (Hedge Fund Investment Unit) of Merrill Lynch 
Co., Inc., where he managed the firm s hedge fund investment portfolio and analyzed hedge fund performance and operations. From
2002 to 2006, he served as Vice President of Strategy, Planning, and Business Development of Merrill Lynch Co., where he was responsible
for strategic analysis, financial forecasting, and business solutions. Mr. Jing has a B.S. in Economics and Finance from Pennsylvania
State University and an M.B.A. in Finance and Accounting from the William E. Simon Graduate School of Business Administration of the
University of Rochester. 

Shu
Wang , our director, is an experienced professional with over ten years of experience in accounting and auditing. Since January
2021, Mr. Wang has served as the Partner at Zhongshenzhonghuan Accounting Firm (Shenzhen Branch), which is one of the top ten accounting
firms in China. From 2016 to 2020, Mr. Wang served as Partner at the Gongzhengtianye Accounting Firm (Shenzhen Branch), where Mr. Wang
oversaw the auditing of multiple leading domestic companies in China, including China Gas Holding (00384.HK), China Nepstar, a large
drugstore retail chain in China, and Shenzhen Qiwu Interactive Technology Co. Ltd., one of the top unicorn companies in China. Mr. Wang
received a degree from Jiamusi University in China. Mr. Wang is a CICPA charter holder. Mr. Wang was selected to serve on the Board of
Directors due to his accounting and auditing experience. 

69 

Li
(Helen) Wei , our director, has served as Professor of Practice at the Shanghai Advanced Institute of Finance (SAIF) of Shanghai
Jiaotong University, and as Assistant Director of the Shanghai Advanced Institute for Financial Research since July 2021. Dr. Wei also
serves as a director of AlphaTime Acquisition Corp, a similarly structured blank check company that has filed for an initial public offering.
Before SAIF, Dr. Wei served in many senior roles in domestic and global financial institutions, including Senior Partner of Kunyuan Asset
Management from January 2018 to November 2020, Managing Director of Alternative Investment at Citic Securities International from 2013
to 2016, Director of the Global Market at Deutsche Bank from 2010 to 2012, Director of Institutional Investment Group at Citigroup from
2008 to 2010 and Officer Managing Director of the NYSE Group from 2004 to 2008. In addition to her industry work, Dr. Wei has also
served as an adjunct professor at Tsinghua PBCSF since 2018. Before industry practice, Dr. Wei had been an assistant professor of finance
at Iowa State University, the first senior financial advisor for the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the senior advisor for the Tel Aviv
Stock Exchange. Dr. Wei received her Ph.D. in finance from the University of Utah and MS and BS from Tsinghua University Beijing. Dr.
Wei was selected to serve on the Board of Directors due to her experience in domestic and financial institutions. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We
currently have four directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in
each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year
term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Li (Helen) Wei, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders.
The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Yong (David) Yan, will expire at the second annual meeting of shareholders.
The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Pengfei Zheng and Shu Wang, will expire at the third annual meeting
of shareholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers
may consist of one or more Chairmen of the Board, one or more Chief Executive Officers, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice
Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretary, and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director
Independence 

NASDAQ
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. An independent
director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual
having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise
of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Shu Wang
and Li (Helen) Wei are independent directors as defined in the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules. We are
utilizing the phase-in exception provided by NASDAQ and will add a third independent director within the phase-in period as required
by NASDAQ. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Officer
and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Other than as described elsewhere in this
Form 10-K, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our initial shareholders or any
of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination,
although we may consider cash or other compensation to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to our Initial Public Offering to
be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, our officers, directors, or any of their
respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as
identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our initial shareholders or their affiliates. 

70 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of
management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the
directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to
be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

Following
a business combination, to the extent we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management
team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers
will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited
exception, the rules of NASDAQ and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely
of independent directors, and the rules of NASDAQ require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of
independent directors. 

Audit
Committee 

Shu
Wang and Li (Helen) Wei serve as members of our audit committee, with Shu Wang serving as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under
the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of
whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such person meets the independent director standard under NASDAQ
listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Our audit committee is utilizing the phase in exception provided by
NASDAQ and will add a third independent director within the phase in period as required by NASDAQ. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Shu Wang qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

71 

We
adopted an audit committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent
 registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm
 engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing
 and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal
 quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review,
 of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years
 respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC
 prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including
 any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues
 regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
 by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

Li
(Helen) Wei and Shu Wang serve as members of our compensation committee, with Li (Helen) Wei serving as the chairman of the compensation
committee. Under the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation
committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such person meets the independent director standard
under NASDAQ listing standards applicable to members of the compensation committee. 

We
adopted a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
 evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the
 remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating, and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or
other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior
to, or for any services they render in order to complete the consummation of a business combination although we may consider cash or
other compensation to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to our Initial Public Offering to be paid either prior to or in connection
with our initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the
compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into
in connection with such initial business combination. 

72 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC. 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the NASDAQ Rules, a majority of the independent directors
may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors
can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing
nominating committee. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of shareholders).
Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our shareholders. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, and in the past year have not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that
has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. Copies of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation
committee charters are filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public
filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge
upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report
on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Except
as disclosed herein, we do not believe any conflict currently exists between us and our initial shareholders, and affiliates of our initial
shareholders may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If such entities decide to pursue an opportunity, we may be precluded
from procuring such opportunity. In addition, investment ideas generated within our initial shareholders may be suitable for both us
and for an affiliate of initial shareholders and may be directed to such entity rather than to us. Neither our initial shareholders nor
members of our management team who are also employed by or affiliated with our initial shareholders will have any obligation to present
us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member specifically
in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the company. Our initial shareholders and/or our management team, in their capacities
as employees or affiliates of our initial shareholders or in their other endeavors, may be required to present potential business combinations
to future initial shareholders affiliates or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. 

73 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present business combination opportunities to
such entity. Accordingly, in the future, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which
is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our officers arising in the future would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any
director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue. 

Our
officers may not become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company that publicly files a registration statement
for its initial public offering before we enter into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed
to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (or up to 18 months, if
we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this Form 10-K). 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None
 of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest
 in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In
 the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities
 which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may
 have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our
 initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private shares and any public
 shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial shareholders
 have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and private shares held by them if we fail to consummate
 our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (or up to 18 months, if we extend
 the time to complete a business combination as described in this Form 10-K). If we do not complete our initial business
 combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private units held in the trust account will be used
 to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private units and underlying securities will be worthless. The founder shares
 will not, subject to certain exceptions, be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until six months after the date of
 the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate
 a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the
 right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property. Since members of our management may directly or indirectly
 own common stock and rights following our Initial Public Offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
 in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to complete our initial business combination. 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
 or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect
 to our initial business combination. 

Our
 initial shareholders may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements
 as we may obtain loans from our initial shareholders or an affiliate of our initial shareholders to finance transaction costs in
 connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 150,000 of such loans may be convertible into working capital units
 at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such working capital units would be identical to the private units sold
 in the private placement. 

The
conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands are required to present business opportunities
to a corporation if: 

the
 corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the
 opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it
 would not be fair to our company and its shareholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

74 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one
we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director
or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our initial shareholders or any
affiliate of them, subject to certain approvals and consents. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with
such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from
another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. 

In
the event that we submit our initial business combination to our shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote
any founder shares and private shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial
business combination. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman
Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification
of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public
policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a
crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides for indemnification of our officers and directors to
the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual
fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We entered into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification
in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to purchase
a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense,
settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Our
officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account,
and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they
are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will
only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business
combination. 

We
believe that these provisions, the insurance, and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
officers and directors. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us
pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy
as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive
Compensation 

None
of our officers or directors have received or, prior to our initial business combination, will receive any cash compensation for services
rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our
initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse our sponsor for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective
affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other compensation from the combined company. Additionally, certain directors may receive additional compensation in the
form of equity interests of the Sponsor for their services. All compensation will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then
known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business
combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination
business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers
after the completion of our initial business combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent
directors. 

We
are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The
existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or
selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial
business combination should be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. 

75 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all common stock beneficially owned by them. 

The
following table is based on 9,180,500 shares of common stock outstanding at March 28, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, it is believed
that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all common stock beneficially owned
by them. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially
 Owned 
 Approximate
 Percentage of Outstanding Common stock 
 
 AlphaVest Holding
 LP (2) 
 2,127,904 
 23.2 
 
 Pengfei Zheng (2) 
 2,127,904 
 23.2 
 
 Yong (David) Yan (3) 

Song (Steve) Jing (3) 

Shu Wang 

Li (Helen) Wei (3) 

EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 152,596 
 1.7 
 
 All executive officers and
 directors as a group (6 individuals) (3) 
 2,127,904 
 23.2 
 
 Wealthspring Capital, LLC
 (4) 
 475,000 
 5.2 

(1)
 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o AlphaVest Acquisition Corp, 420 Lexington
 Avenue, Room 2446, New York NY 10170. 
 
 (2)
 
 Our
 sponsor is the record holder of founder shares reported herein. Mr. Zheng is the sole director and shareholder of Peace Capital Limited,
 which owns 62.5 of the sponsor entity. Accordingly, he is deemed to be the beneficial owner of such shares. This includes the 345,000
 shares of common stock, which TenX Global Capital LP holds through our sponsor. 
 
 (3) 
 Does
 not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his or her partnership interest in our sponsor. 
 
 (4) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on December 30, 2022, Wealthspring Capital, LLCs owns 475,000 shares of common stock. 

76 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Founder
Shares 

On
February 7, 2022, our sponsor acquired 1,725,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. 

We
also issued an aggregate of 125,000 EBC founder shares to EBC on July 11, 2022 for an aggregate purchase price of 1,750. The EBC founder
shares cannot be sold, transferred or assigned (except to the same permitted transferees as the founder shares and provided the transferees
agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the founder shares must agree to, each as described herein)
until the consummation of an initial business combination. 

Private
Placement 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the sale of 365,000 Private Placement Units to our Sponsor at a purchase price of
 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, and 25,000 Private Placement Units to EBC at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit,
generating gross proceeds to the Company of 3,900,000 for all Private Units. Simultaneously with the closing of the Overallotment, the
Company completed the private sale of an additional 37,904 Private Placement Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement
Unit, and an additional 2,596 Private Placement Unit to EBC, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating additional
gross proceeds to the Company of 405,000. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law) and the Private Placement Units will expire worthless. 

Service
Arrangements 

On
December 22, 2022, we entered into an administrative services agreement with our Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to make
available to the Company certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative services,
as the Company may require from time to time. The Company has agreed to pay to the affiliate of the Sponsor 10,000 per month for such
administrative services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and paid 0 in such fees. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Certain
of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present business combination opportunities to
such entity. Accordingly, in the future, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which
is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our officers arising in the future would materially undermine our ability to complete our Business Combination. 

Promissory
Note - Related Party 

On
June 3, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the
Company could borrow up to an aggregate of 150,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Promissory Note and the Promissory Note then
expired. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of Founders Shares and Private Placement Units will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement
signed on December 22, 2022. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands,
that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect
to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion the Company s initial business combination. The Company will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

77 

No
compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial
business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

Our
Sponsor, under which the sponsor may loan us funds up to 150,000 for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. As of December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Promissory Note and the Promissory Note then
expired. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required on a non-interest
basis. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post
business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the
private placement units. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements 

Policy
for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The
audit committee of our board of directors adopted a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification
of related party transactions. A related party transaction is any consummated or proposed transaction or
series of transactions: (i) in which the company was or is to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds (or is reasonably expected
to exceed) the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the company s total assets at year-end for the prior two completed fiscal
years in the aggregate over the duration of the transaction (without regard to profit or loss); and (iii) in which a related party 
had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Related parties under this policy include: (i) our directors,
nominees for director or executive officers; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any Class of our voting securities;
(iii) any immediate family member of any of the foregoing if the foregoing person is a natural person; and (iv) any other person who
maybe a related person pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to the policy, the audit
committee will consider (i) the relevant facts and circumstances of each related party transaction, including if the transaction is on
terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s-length dealings with an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the
related party s interest in the transaction, (iii) whether the transaction contravenes our code of ethics or other policies, (iv)
whether the audit committee believes the relationship underlying the transaction to be in the best interests of the company and its stockholders
and (v) the effect that the transaction may have on a director s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her
eligibility to serve on the board s committees. Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction,
including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only
if our audit committee approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy does
not permit any director or executive officer to participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction
in which he or she is the related party. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Li Wei and Shu Wang are independent
directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

78 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
firm of UHY LLP, or UHY, currently acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid
to UHY for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . During the period from January 14, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, fees for our independent registered public accounting
firm were 150,570 for the services UHY performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering, and the audit of our December 31, 2022 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Audit-Related
Fees. During the period from January 14, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, our independent registered public accounting
firms did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. 

Tax
Fees . During the period from January 14, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, our independent registered public accounting
firms did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees . During the period from January 14, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, there were no fees billed for products
and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
Audit Committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the Audit Committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing
services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our Audit Committee were approved by our board of directors. Since
the formation of our Audit Committee, and on a going-forward basis, the Audit Committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the Audit Committee prior to the completion of
the audit). 

79 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, AND SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The following documents
 are filed as part of this report: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., as representative of the underwriters. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 22, 2022). 

3.1 
 
 Memorandum and Articles of Association.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Registration Statement (No. 333-268188) filed with
 the SEC on December 13, 2022). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 22, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Unit Certificate. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Registration Statement (No. 333-268188) filed with the SEC on
 December 13, 2022). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Common Stock Certificate. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Registration Statement (No. 333-268188) filed with the
 SEC on December 13, 2022). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Rights Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Registration Statement (No. 333-268188) filed with the SEC
 on December 13, 2022). 
 
 4.4 

Rights
 Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 22, 2022). 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated June 3, 2022, issued to AlphaVest Management LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Registration Statement
 (No. 333-268188) filed with the SEC on December 13, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and among the Company, its executive officers, its directors and AlphaVest Holding LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current
 Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 22, 2022). 
 
 10.3 

Investment
 Management Trust Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
 as trustee. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 22, 2022). 

10.4 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and among the Company, AlphaVest Holding, LP and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 22, 2022). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, between the Registrant and the Sponsor dated February 7, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Registration Statement (No. 333-268188) filed with the SEC on December 13, 2022). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement, between the Registrant and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. dated July 11, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.6 to our Registration Statement (No. 333-268188) filed with the SEC on December 13, 2022). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and between the Company and AlphaVest Holding LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 22, 2022). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Private
 Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 22, 2022). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form
 of Indemnity Agreement. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to our Registration Statement (No. 333-268188) filed with the
 SEC on December 13, 2022). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Administrative
 Services Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and between the Company and AlphaVest Holding, LP. (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.8 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 22, 2022). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Share
 Escrow Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and among the Company, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial
 shareholders party thereto. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December
 22, 2022). 

80 

10.12 
 
 A
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 22, 2022) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Form
 of Code of Ethics. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to our Registration Statement (No. 333-268188) filed with the SEC on
 December 13, 2022). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document (The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Previously filed. 

Filed herewith. 

Item
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

81 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the Cayman Islands, on the 31st day of March, 2023. 

ALPHAVEST
 ACQUISITION CORP 

By: 
 /s/
 Yong (David) Yan 

Name: 
 Yong
 (David) Yan 

Title: 
 Principal
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/Yong
 (David) Yan 

Principal
 Executive Officer and Director 

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Yong
 (David Yan) 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Song (Steve) Jing 

Principal
 Financial Officer 

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Song
 (Steve) Jing 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Pengfei Zheng 

Chairman 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Pengfei
 Zheng 

82 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Operations for the period from January 14, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the period from January 14, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 F-5 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows for the period from January 14, 2022(inception) through December 31, 2022 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Shareholder of AlphaVest Acquisition Corp 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of
AlphaVest Acquisition Corp (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in shareholder s
equity, and cash flows for the period from January 14, 2022 (inception) to December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from January 14, 2022 (inception)
to December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has no revenue,
its business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company must liquidate if the business combination
is not consummated within 12 months. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly,
we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2022. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

ALPHAVEST
ACQUISITION CORP 

 BALANCE
SHEET 

December
 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses - Non-current 

Marketable
securities held in trust account 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK, AND SHAREHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts Payable and accrued offering costs
 and expenses 

Due to related party 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 

Common
stock subject to possible redemption 
 shares at 
 per share) 

Shareholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; 
 shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; 
 shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total
 Shareholders Equity 

T otal
 Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock, and Shareholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statement. 

F- 3 

ALPHAVEST
ACQUISITION CORP 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

FOR
 THE PERIOD FROM
 JANUARY
 14, 2022 (INCEPTION)
 THROUGH
 DECEMBER
 31, 2022 
 
 Formation
 and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other
Income: 

Interest income on investments held in trust
 account 

Total other income 

Net
 loss 

Weighted average common stock outstanding,
 common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, common stock subject to redemption 

Weighted average common stock outstanding,
 common stock, non-redeemable 

Weighted average common stock outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, common stock, non-redeemable 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

ALPHAVEST
ACQUISITION CORP 

 STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 14, 2022 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Common Stock 
 Amount 
 Additional
 paid-in capital 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 Total 
 shareholders equity 
 
 Balance as of January 14, 2022 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 B alance
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
stock issued to Sponsor 

- 

Common stock issued to Underwriter 

- 

Sale of private units 

- 

Sale of private units 

- 

Offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December
 31, 2022 

B alance

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

ALPHAVEST
ACQUISITION CORP 

 STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR
 THE PERIOD
 FROM JANUARY
 14, 2022 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
 31, 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Prepaid expense 

Accounts payable and accrued
 offering costs and expenses 

Due to related party 

Trust investment income 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing
 activities: 

Cash deposited to trust
 account 

Net cash used in investing
 activities 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock to initial
 shareholders 

Proceeds from initial public offering 

Proceeds from private placement 

Proceeds from over-allotment and private placement,
 net of underwriters discount 

Payments of offering costs and other fees 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure
 of noncash investing and financing activities 

Deferred offering costs
 paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of common stock 

Deferred offering costs included in due to accrued expenses 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

ALPHAVEST
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

. The Company was formed for the
purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination
with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). 

The
Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early
stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth
companies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from January 14, 2022 (inception) through
December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering Initial Public Offering ), which
is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion an initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial
Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31st as its fiscal year end. 

The
registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering (the Registration Statement was declared effective
on December 19, 2022. On December 22, 2022, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units, Units 
and, with respect to the common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds
of , which is described in Note 3, and the sale of Units (the Private Placement Units at a price of
 per Private Placement Unit in private placements to AlphaVest Holding LP (the Sponsor that was closed simultaneously
with the Proposed Public Offering. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on December 22, 2022, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement (as defined in Note 4) was placed in the Trust Account.
The funds held in the Trust Account may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in
any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule
2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination
or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 

On
December 29, 2022, our Underwriter fully exercised their over-allotment option, resulting in an additional Units issued for an
aggregate amount of . In connection with the underwriter s full exercise of their over-allotment option, the Company
also consummated the sale of an additional Private Units at per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of . 

As
of December 31, 2022, transaction costs related to the issuances described above amounted to consisting of of underwriting
fees, of other offering costs, and to trust account. These costs were charged to additional paid-in capital or accumulated
deficit to the extent additional paid-in capital is fully depleted upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. The stock exchange listing rules require that the Business Combination must be with one or more
operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below)
(excluding the taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the
post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will
be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, management has agreed that 
per Unit sold in the Proposed Public Offering, including proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units, will be held in a trust
account (the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as
a money market fund investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act,
as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds
in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. 

The
Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer in connection with the Business Combination. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to
redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public
Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). 

All
of the Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s
liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Company s Business Combination and in connection
with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ).
In accordance with the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and its guidance on redeemable equity
instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require common
stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be issued with other freestanding
instruments (i.e., rights), the initial carrying value of common stock classified as temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds
determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. The common stock is subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument
will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date
of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption
date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of
the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected the immediate fair value recognition
method. The accretion will be treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings,
additional paid-in capital). While redemptions cannot cause the Company s net tangible assets to fall below , the Public
Shares are redeemable and will be classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a redemption event takes place. 

The
Company will not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than (so that it does
not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that
may be contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination,
the Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving
a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
of the Company, or such other vote as required by law or stock exchange rule. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does
not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement
with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination,
the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed
Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public
Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination and the Company does not conduct redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules, a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder
is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the Public
Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

The
Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with
the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
(i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial
Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval
of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the Trust account and not previously released to pay taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public
Shares. 

The
Company will have until 12 months (or 18 months if the Company extends the period) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to
consummate a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). However, if the Company has not completed a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned and not previously released to us to pay our
taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the Company s remaining Public Shareholders and its Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the
Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The
Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares it will
receive if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of its
respective affiliates acquire Public Shares, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible
that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Proposed Public Offering price per
Unit ). 

In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent
any claims by a third party (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (1) per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share, due to reductions
in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply to any
claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and as to any claims under the
Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will
seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to
have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Liquidity
and Management s Plan 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management
believes that the funds which the Company has available following the completion of the Initial Public Offering will enable it to sustain
operations for a period of at least one-year from the issuance date of this financial statement. However, management has determined that
the combination period is less than one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statement. There is no assurance that the
Company s plans to consummate a business combination will be successful within the combination period. As a result, there is substantial
doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statement are
issued or are available to be issued. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
the uncertainty. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily
determinable as of the date of this financial statement. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

as of December 31, 2022. 

in investments held in the Trust Account, including interest income of which will fully be reinvested in U.S. Treasury securities. 

were charged to additional paid-in capital upon completion of
the Initial Public Offering. 

are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s
balance sheet. 

Private Placement 

Total 

Cash to the operating account 

Underwriting expenses 

Other offering expenses 

Amount held back
 for Sponsor portion of risk capital in event of full exercise of the over-allotment 

Total 

Balance, December
 31, 2022 

ASC
740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be
sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
as income tax expense. There were unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022.
The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation
from its position. 

There
is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman income tax regulations,
income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statement. 

Units, including additional units issued pursuant to the fully exercise
by the underwriter of its over-allotment option at a price of per Unit. Ten Public Rights will entitle the holder to one share of common stock (see Note 7). We will
not issue fractional shares and only whole shares will trade, so unless you purchase units in multiple of tens, you will not be able
to receive or trade the fractional shares underlying the rights. 

Private Placement Units. The proceeds from
the sale of the Private Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of
applicable law). The Private Placement Units (including the underlying securities) will not be transferable, assignable, or salable
until the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. 

On
December 29, 2022, our Underwriter fully exercised their over-allotment option, resulting in an additional Units issued for an
aggregate amount of . In connection with the underwriter s full exercise of their over-allotment option, the Company
also consummated the sale of an additional Private Units at per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of . 

of the Company s common stock in exchange for paid for deferred offering
costs borne by the founder. Up to of such founder shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment is not exercised in full. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option
on December 29, 2022, no founder shares are currently subject to forfeiture. 

The
Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur
of: (A) six months after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our public
shareholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Advances
from Related Party 

The
Sponsor paid certain formation and operating costs on behalf of the Company. These advances are due on demand and non-interest bearing.
As of December 31, 2022, the amount due to the Sponsor was . 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

Commencing
on the date the Units are first listed on the Nasdaq, the Company has agreed to pay TenX Global Capital LP a total of per month
for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s
liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

The
Company and EBC signed an engagement letter which was amended on September 15, 2022, pursuant to which, the Company will grant the underwriters
a 45-day option from the date of Proposed Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any,
at the Proposed Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. As of December 31, 2022, the underwriter has fully
exercised the over-allotment. 

The
underwriters are entitled to a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate, payable upon the closing
of the Proposed Public Offering. 

Business
Combination Marketing Agreement 

The
Company has engaged EBC as an advisor in connection with its Business Combination to assist in holding meetings with the Company stockholders
to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors
that are interested in purchasing its securities in connection with its initial Business Combination and assist with press releases and
public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will pay EBC a cash fee for such services upon the consummation
of its initial business combination in an amount equal to of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or in aggregate. In addition, the
Company will pay EBC a cash fee in an amount equal to of the total consideration payable in the initial Business Combination if
it introduces the Company to the target business with whom it completes an initial Business Combination provided that the foregoing
fee will not be paid prior to the date that is 60 days from the effective date of the Proposed Public Offering, unless FINRA determines
that such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation in connection with the Proposed Public Offering pursuant to FINRA
Rule 5110. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, close of the Proposed Public Offering, and/or
search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

shares of preferred shares with a par value of per share
with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of
directors. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue common stock with a par value of per share Holders of
common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. 

On
February 7, 2022, the Sponsor received 
of the Company s common stock in exchange for 
paid for deferred offering costs borne by the Founder. Out of the 
shares of common stock, an aggregate of up to 
shares of common stock were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised
in full or in part so that the number of Founder Shares will equal 
of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock after the Proposed Public Offering (excluding Private Shares). 

On
July 11, 2022, EBC received an aggregate of 
shares of common stock EBC Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of ,
or approximately 
per share. The Company estimated the fair value of the EBC founder shares to be 
based upon the price of the founder shares issued to the Sponsor. The holders of the EBC founder shares have agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive
their conversion rights (or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion
of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such
shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

On
December 22, 2022, the Sponsor and EBC received an aggregate of private units private units purchased by the Sponsor
and private units purchased by EBC) at a price of per unit for a total purchase price of in a private placement. 

On
December 29, 2022, as a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, the Sponsor and EBC
received additional private units on a pro rata basis private units purchased by the Sponsor and private units purchased
by EBC) at a price of per unit. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Rights
 Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will
automatically receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination. The Company will not issue
fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share
or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Cayman law. In the event the Company is not the surviving company
upon completion of the Business Combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights
in order to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock underlying each right upon consummation of the Business Combination. If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the required time period and the Company redeems the public shares for
the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights and the rights will expire
worthless. 

in a mutual fund that is invested primarily in U.S.
Treasury Securities. Through December 31, 2022, the Company did not withdraw any of the interest earned on the Trust Account. 

F- 15 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

Units
Sold in our Initial Public Offering 

Each
unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one share of common stock and one right. Each right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth
(1/10) of one share of common stock. Pursuant to our Initial Public Offering, a rights holder may exercise its rights only for a whole number
of common stock. As a result, a holder must have 10 rights to receive one share of common stock. 

The
common stock and rights comprising the units began separate trading on January 25, 2023. Holders will need to have their brokers contact
our transfer agent in order to separate the units into common stock and rights. 

Private
Units Sold in the Private Placement 

With
certain limited exceptions, the private units are not transferable, assignable or saleable until the completion of our initial business
combination. Otherwise, the private units have terms and provisions that are identical to the units sold in our Initial Public Offering.
The price of the private units was determined in negotiations between our initial shareholders and the underwriters for our Initial Public
Offering with reference to the prices paid by initial shareholders for such private units in special purpose acquisition companies, which
have recently consummated their initial public offerings. 

Common stock 

We
currently have, 9,180,500 shares of common stock will be outstanding, consisting of: 

6,900,000
 shares of common stock underlying the public units; 

430,500
 shares of common stock underlying the private units; 

1,725,000
 shares of common stock held by our initial shareholders; and 

125,000
 shares of common stock held by EBC. 

Common stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Unless specified in
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable
stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter
voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolutions, which is passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of our common stock that are voted. Our board of directors will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally
serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect
to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can
elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors
out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock,
if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to
increase the number of shares of common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the
business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our business combination. 

In
accordance with NASDAQ corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year
after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NASDAQ. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual
general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity
to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being
appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year
term. In addition, as holders of our common stock, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors
until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, only holders
of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, including in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial
business combination. 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in
the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject
to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.20 per public share.
Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to any founder shares, private shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business
combination. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their
initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business
combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder
vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial
business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require these tender offer documents to contain
substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required
under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a
proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of outstanding share of the company representing
a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. However, the participation
of our initial shareholders or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this Form 10-K), if
any, could result in the approval of our business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention
to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding common stock voted,
non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately
30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall
be taken to approve our business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial shareholders,
may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that a public shareholder,
together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the common stock sold in our Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting
our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Our shareholders 
inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our business combination, and such shareholders
could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders
will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result,
such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to
sell their share in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If
we seek shareholder approval in connection with our business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder
shares and private shares as well as any public shares purchased during or after our Initial Public Offering favor of our initial business
combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 1,811,048, or 31.5 , of the 6,900,000
public shares sold in our Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial
business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) or (ii) 130,812, or 1.9 of the 6,900,000 public shares sold
in our Initial Public Offering and EBC founder shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial
business combination approved (assuming that only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted). Additionally, each public
shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether it votes for or against the proposed transaction (subject to
the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we are unable to complete our business combination within 12 months
(or up to 18 months at our sponsor s option, as described in this Form 10-K) from the closing of our Initial Public
Offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more
than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by
the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any
founder shares and private shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within 12 months from the closing of our
Initial Public Offering (or up to 18 months at our sponsor s option, as described in this Form 10-K). 

If
we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may, by resolution of our Board
of Directors, if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time we will have to consummate an initial business combination up to
two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering), provided
that, pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to be entered
into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company on December 19, 2022, in order for the time available for us to consummate
our initial business combination to be extended, our sponsor or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior
to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 690,000 (or 0.10 per share) for each extension, for a maximum of two
three-month extensions, on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. Our public shareholders will not be entitled to vote or redeem
their shares in connection with any such extension. 

In
the event that our sponsor elects to extend the time to complete a business combination, pay the additional amounts per each extension,
and deposit the applicable amount of money into trust, our sponsor will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal
to the amount of any such deposit and payment that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination
unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor five days prior
to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least
three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing
whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account
to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination
within such time period, we will, as promptly as possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100 of our outstanding
public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the
funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. However,
we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public
shareholders. In the event of our dissolution and liquidation, the private units (and their underlying securities) will expire and be
worthless. 

If
our initial shareholders acquire public shares in or after our Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time
period. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share
ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each
class of share, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our shareholders have no pre-emptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder
Shares, EBC Founder Shares and Private Units 

Except
as described below, the founder shares, EBC founder shares and private shares underlying the private units are identical to the common stock included in the public units, and holders of founder shares, EBC founder shares, and private shares have the same shareholder
rights as public shareholders, except that (i) the founder shares and private shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as
described in more detail below; (ii) our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private shares and any public shares held by them in
connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder
shares, private shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association to (a) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares
in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (or up to 18 months, if we extend the time to complete a
business combination as described in this Form 10-K) or (b) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing
of our Initial Public Offering (or up to 18 months, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this Form 10-K), although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they
hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period; and (iii) the founder shares, EBC founder shares
and private shares are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for
a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any
founder shares and private shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our Initial Public Offering (including
in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. 

On
December 22, 2022, the founder shares were placed into an escrow account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
acting as escrow agent. The founder shares will not, subject to certain exceptions, be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow
until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, if, subsequent to our initial business
combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our
shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, except in each case (a) to our officers
or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members of our initial shareholders, or any affiliate
of our initial shareholders; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individual s immediate family, to a trust,
the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family or an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable organization;
(c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual,
pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of a business
combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman
Islands or the memorandum and articles of association of our sponsor upon dissolution of our sponsor; (g) in the event of the company s
liquidation prior to the completion of a business combination; (h) to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the
consummation of our initial business combination; or (i) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other
similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities
or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a)
through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the
other restrictions contained in the letter agreements. 

The
private units (including the underlying securities) are identical to the units (including the underlying securities) sold in our Initial
Public Offering, subject to limited exceptions. AlphaVest Holding LP and EBC have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private
units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the founder shares and provided the transferees agree to
the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the founder shares must agree to, each as described herein) until the
completion of our initial business combination. 

The
Company issued to EBC 125,000 EBC founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 1,750 on July 11, 2022. The EBC founder shares will
not be transferred, assigned or sold (except to the same permitted transferees as the founder shares and provided the transferees agree
to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the founder shares must agree to, each as described herein) until
the consummation of an initial business combination. 

Register
of Members 

Under
Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: 

the
 names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member (which shall distinguish each share by its number
 (so long as the share has a number); confirm the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, confirm the number and category
 of each member and the voting rights of such shares (and whether such voting rights are conditional); 

the
 date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the
 date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under
Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register
of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register
of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register
of members. The shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name.
However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether
the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register
of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal
position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our common stock, then
the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Preference
Shares 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or
more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative,
participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations, and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares
of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights
that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects.
The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring
or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares outstanding at the date hereof.
Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference
shares are being currently outstanding 

Rights 

Public
Rights 

Except
in cases where we are not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive
one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of a public
right converted all common stock held by him, her or it in connection with the initial business combination or an amendment to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to our pre-initial business combination activities. In the
event we will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial business combination, each holder of a right will be
required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock
underlying each right upon consummation of the business combination. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a
holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional common stock upon consummation of an initial business combination.
The common stock issuable upon conversion of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours).
If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive
agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same consideration per share of common stock the holders of the
common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis. 

We
will not issue fractional common stock in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to
the nearest whole share. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of ten in order to receive common stock for all of your rights
upon closing of a business combination. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period
and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights,
nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights
will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon
consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will we be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly,
the rights may expire worthless. 

Private
Rights 

The
private rights have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the rights sold as part of the units in our Initial Public Offering. 

The
private rights (including the common stock issuable upon conversion of the rights) will not be transferable, assignable, or salable
until the completion of our initial business combination (except as described in this Form 10-K). 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

 CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Yong (David) Yan, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AlphaVest Acquisition Corp; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Yong (David) Yan 

Yong
 (David) Yan 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL Financial OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Song (Steve) Jing, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AlphaVest Acquisition Corp; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Song (Steve) Jing 

Song
 (Steve) Jing 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of AlphaVest Acquisition Corp (the Company for the fiscal year ending December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Yong (David)
Yan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Yong (David) Yan 

Yong
 (David) Yan 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of AlphaVest Acquisition Corp (the Company for the fiscal year ending December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Song (Steve)
Jing, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Song (Steve) Jing 

Song
 (Steve) Jing 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 atmv-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 atmv-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 atmv-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 atmv-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

