<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230130_10-K_edgar_data_1866816_0001493152-23-002997.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4356313</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>264605</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>796772</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1181315</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>938664</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1075313</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-002997.hdr.sgml : 20230130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230130172510
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-002997
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OmniLit Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001866816
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				870816957
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41034
		FILM NUMBER:		23569200

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 LINCOLN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-894-5238

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 LINCOLN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33139

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-002997.txt : 20230130

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to ________________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbols(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market
 LLC 

The Stock Market
 LLC 

The Stock Market
 LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

At
June 30, 2021, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was
 . 

As
of January 30, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share and shares of Class B
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

OMNILIT
ACQUISITION CORP. 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

PART I 
 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 6 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 7 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 7 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 7 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 7 

PART II 
 
 8 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 8 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED.] 
 9 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 9 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 10 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 10 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 10 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 11 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 11 

PART III 
 
 12 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 12 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 15 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 16 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 16 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 18 

PART IV 
 
 19 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 19 

A 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the
Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. Certain statements in this Form 10-K may
constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies
regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or
circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account established in connection with our IPO, which we refer to as the trust account, or
 available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this Form 10-K entitled Risk
Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update
or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required
under applicable securities laws. 

B 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Introduction 

OmniLit
Acquisition Corp. OLIT, the Company, we or us is a blank check
company incorporated on May 20, 2021 and formed as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout
this Form 10-K as our initial business combination. We may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or sector, but
we expect to focus on acquiring a business combination target within the advanced manufacturing industry, specifically the photonics
or optics sectors, and related sectors, with an enterprise value of approximately 350 million to 750 million. Management believes that
this relative size of target opportunities will enable us to pursue companies that are the most attractive from a return standpoint and
are less pursued by larger, more established sources of capital. 

Leadership 

Al
Kapoor has been our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our board of directors since our inception in May 2021. Al has engaged
in finding, acquiring, and growing optics and photonics companies since 1997 as a technology entrepreneur immediately after graduating
Harvard Business School. Shortly thereafter he found and acquired his first advanced manufacturing company in Rochester New York, renamed
it Syntec Optics, transformed it into a defense, medical and consumer optics and photonics leader, and accelerated growth with add-on
acquisitions. Mr. Kapoor has extensive experience identifying, evaluating, and executing acquisitions, and has led multiple operating
companies across the advanced manufacturing industry. Of note, Mr. Kapoor has built Syntec Optics, a full-service and integrated optics
and photonics solution provider over the last 20+ years through a combination of strategic acquisitions, operational improvements and
focused end market expansion and diversification. Syntec Optics is now a leading solution provider of high technology and strategically
sourced optics and photonics components to many Fortune 500 Companies in sensitive product areas such as Aerospace, Defense and Healthcare,
among others. Over the course of Mr. Kapoor s career, he has developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships,
including deep networks in the optics and photonics industry that we believe will serve to identify and vet potential combination targets.
This deep technical and business experience has led to diverse relationships in the optics and photonics ecosystem suppliers,
customers, end-users, venture capitalists, private equity managers, entrepreneurs, and executives. Al runs an app called PioneeringMinds
with a fortnightly newsletter on future industries with circulation of over 100,000 to executives around the country. He continues to
invest in optics and photonics, from driverless cars, robotics, virtual reality, sensors, to terabit internet. He is also on the advisory
council for MIT s program to train and educate the workforce for new disruptions in the area of integrated photonics. Al has been
invited to the White House on several occasions to participate in innovation policy discussions. Al studied various disciplines of engineering
and business at 5 universities earning an MBA from Harvard University and MS from Iowa State University. 

Robert
O. Nelson II , our Chief Financial Officer, has 20+ years of finance, tax, and technology experience. Robert has successfully supported
public private corporations, including optics and photonics companies, in design and transformation of their general accounting,
financial close, consolidation, budgeting, and forecasting functions. He has worked in domestic and international areas, advising clients
in finance and tax technology optimization projects, tax accounting, tax compliance, and IP planning. Robert has built a proven management
track record of successful business transformation. Drawing upon steady leadership, determination, and strategic insight, Robert has
leveraged financial and operational best practices as well as sound judgment in guiding teams through the intricacies of aligning organizational
performance with corporate strategy. Most recently, as Vice President of Financial Systems at AMG (NASDAQ: AMG), he has worked with the
executive management team on enhancing financial operations, business systems, regulatory reporting and business process improvements.
Previously, Robert played a key role in SEC compliance for a spin-out of an optics and photonics division from a public company, which
now has an over 1B valuation. During his tenure as a consultant, he provided guidance and consultation to CFOs and finance departments
on internal control, regulatory reporting, taxation, financial due diligence and systems implementations. While at Deloitte, Robert instructed
at many of Deloitte s national technical training sessions covering international and domestic tax concepts and enterprise performance
management solutions. Robert is a Certified Public Accountant and earned a Master of Science in Taxation from Bentley University s
McCallum Graduate School of Business and a Master of Science in Information Systems from Boston University s Graduate School of
Management. 

Skylar
M. Jacobs , our Chief Operating Officer, compliments an experienced sponsor team with his eight years of execution experience working
with technology entrepreneurs and meeting their specific growth and capital needs. Most recently, as Vice President of Business Development
and Operations at PainQx, a medical device company developing proprietary AI algorithms to translate neural activity into actionable
health measures, Skylar developed a non-dilutive funding pipeline, but more importantly, developed and executed a fundraising strategy
across high-net-worth individuals, family offices, venture funds, and strategic partners for eventual M A activities. Prior to PainQx,
Skylar started his career in investment consulting at Life Science Nation helping scientist entrepreneurs connect with investors and
develop their fundraising campaigns. Skylar spent several years developing strategies and partnering opportunities for healthcare companies
including Cascade Prodrug, Meenta, Andaman7, and SpringTide Partners, a Healthcare IT focused venture fund. Skylar also worked on business
strategies for CureMatch, an AI-driven oncology diagnostic company, and with one of the world s first CRO marketplaces, Assay Depot,
rebranded as Scientist.com. Skylar received a B.S. in Molecular Biology with minors in Business and Literature from the University of
California, San Diego. 

Kent
R. Weldon serves as an independent director. Kent has three decades of experience in finding, structuring, and acquiring companies.
He is an advisory partner to Thomas H. Lee Partners, previously serving as managing director, starting at the firm in 1991. Thomas H.
Lee Partners has raised over 25B in capital since 1974. Prior to joining Thomas H. Lee Partners, Mr. Weldon worked at Morgan Stanley
 Co. Incorporated in the Financial Institutions Group. Mr. Weldon also worked at Wellington Management Company, an institutional
money management firm. Mr. Weldon s prior directorships include Acosta Sales and Marketing, Bargain Hunt, CTI Foods, Give and Go
Prepared Foods Corp., iHeartMedia, Inc., CMP Susquehanna Corp., FairPoint Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: FRP), Fisher Scientific International
Inc. (NYSE: TMO), Michael Foods, Nortek, Inc. (NASDAQ: NTK), Phillips Pet Food Supplies, and Progressive Moulded Products; Mr.
Weldon holds a B.A., summa cum laude, in Economics and Arts and Letters Program for Administrators from the University of Notre Dame
and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. 

1 

Mark
D. Norman serves as an independent director. Mark is a Managing Partner at FM Capital and serves on the boards of the following FM
Capital portfolio companies: AutoPay, Gatik, GuardKnox, Lunewave, Motorq, NextDroid and Optimus Ride. Mark has significant experience
leading both early stage and global businesses in the automotive manufacturing, service and mobility industries. He started washing cars
at the local Chrysler dealership in high school and ultimately was named CEO of Chrysler Canada (NYSE: STLA (merged with Stellantis)).
From there, he was recruited to become CEO of Flexcar, a nascent car-sharing company. He successfully negotiated the sale of Flexcar
to rival Zipcar (NASDAQ: ZIP), where as president, he led the company s expansion into over 25 major cities and more than 300 college
campuses, creating the world s largest carsharing network. Mark and the team managed the company s IPO on the NASDAQ and
subsequent sale to Avis Budget Group (NASDAQ: CAR). 

James
M. Jenkins serves as an independent director. He specializes in securities law matters for initial and secondary public offerings,
private placements, mergers and acquisitions, and securities law compliance for SPACs. James was the practice leader of HSE Law s
Securities practice, and the Partner in Charge of HSE s New York City office. Professional Affiliations: Member, New York State
Bar Association, General Counsel to Transcat (Nasdaq: TRNS), 2001 Present, Board of Directors, Lakeland Industries, Inc. (Nasdaq:
LAKE), 2012-2015, 2016 Present, Chair, Governance Committee, 2016 Present; Member, 2012-2015, Member, Compensation Committee,
2012-2015, 2016 Present, Member, Audit Committee, 2012-2015, 2016 Present, General Counsel to Jerash Holdings, Inc.,
2016-2020, General Counsel to IEC Electronics, Inc. (NYSE/MKT: IEC), 2015-2020, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary to iVEDiX, Inc.,
2013-2020, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary to Finger Lakes Technologies Group, Inc., 2013-2020. 

In
addition to our management and board of directors, we have an execution team with a combined experience of over 100 years. The team consists
of a finance manager working in conjunction with a controller, a compliance manager, and two industry researchers. The controller maintains
the financial statements and accounts, the finance manager oversees the audit conducted by our independent outside accountants, the compliance
manager maintains records on the trust account established in connection with our IPO, which we refer to as the trust account, and listings
of our securities, and two industry researchers track and analyze public and private company data including acquisition history. The
execution team has no fiduciary obligations to present business opportunities to us. 

Business
and Investment Strategies 

While
we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry, our investment strategy will focus our efforts in the advanced
manufacturing industry, specifically the photonics and optics products, services, and end-markets, and related products, services, and
end-markets. Our initial business combination and value creation strategy will be to identify, acquire and, after our initial business
combination, implement an operating strategy with a view of creating value for our stockholders through operational improvements, capital
infusion, or future acquisitions. We intend to source initial business combination opportunities through our management team s
broad network of investors in the advanced manufacturing industry, board members, company executives, lawyers, accountants, and brokers. 

We
believe that technology and globalization are creating enormous opportunities for disruption and value creation in advanced manufacturing.
Many of these technologies can be transformative for varied markets but require the right expertise and global connections to capture
opportunities within public markets. Within the broader market space of advanced manufacturing, we intend to concentrate on sourcing
business combination opportunities that serve, or can be transformed to supply solutions to, the optics and photonics market. 

Our
investment thesis is rooted in the following core beliefs that will influence the types of investment opportunities that we will target. 

 We
believe that businesses involved in the design, development, manufacturing, operation, and distribution of optics and photonics assets
will benefit from strong tailwinds in years to come and may represent attractive acquisition opportunities. 

Optics
and Photonics Industry Report 2020 estimated that the manufacturing sector contributes 30 of global gross domestic product GDP annually, or an estimated 26.3 trillion, and optics and photonics comprise a substantial amount of this market. The optics and photonics
market, the value of light-enabled products and services, is estimated to be between 7 trillion and 10 trillion annually, and represents
roughly 11 of the world s economy. Within this end-market, it is estimated that global annual revenue for photonics-enabled products
and services had exceeded 2 trillion in 2019. Photonics touches most sectors of our economy including consumer electronics (barcode
scanners, DVD players, TV remote controls), telecommunications (fiber optics, lasers, switches), health (eye surgery, medical instruments,
and imaging), industrial (laser cutting and machining), D fense and Security (Infrared cameras, remote sensing, aiming) and entertainment
(holography, cinema projection). We believe accelerating optics and photonics innovation will continue to drive economic growth and increase
its share of the global GDP. 

The
most recent review from the Optics Photonics 2020 Industry Report valued the 2019 photonics-enabled products and services at 2.02
trillion an increase of 34 over the seven-year period, and a compound annual growth (CAGR) rate of 4.2 , from 2012 to 2019,
shown below by end market. 

The
potential use of photonics in varied industries is fueling growth of the optics and photonics market. We believe sectors including telecom,
transportation, healthcare, energy, aerospace, security, defense space exploration, consumer, retail, electronics, food agriculture,
artificial intelligence software, and robotics are in the early stages of a dramatic transformation of scope and scale due to the unprecedented
developments in advanced manufacturing of optics and photonics products, sub-systems, components, and materials. Continued mobility,
intelligence, automation, sensing, and safety needs will accelerate in years to come, which will create a large market opportunity for
such enabling businesses at the forefront of optics and photonics. The global optics and photonics sectors have experienced demand increasing
use of photonics in various applications. 

The
Optics Photonics 2020 Industry Report estimated revenue growth for top five areas based on CAGR from 2012 to 2019. These areas
are listed below, as examples of verticals that we intend to focus on: 

Sensing,
 monitoring, and control (+10 ), autonomous systems and the internet-of-things continued to create demand for a wide variety of photonic
 sensors. Self-driving cars, drones, and other robotics systems utilize a wide range of photonic sensors and imaging systems, some
 of which are increasingly benefiting from embedded artificial intelligence. Developments in the emerging field of quantum technology
 should drive major advances in metrology, sensing, communications, and computing, creating what we believe will be a multitude of
 new opportunities in photonics. 

2 

Advanced
 manufacturing (+8 ), gains in this segment were led by lasers for materials processing while robotics and vision technologies maintained
 their momentum as did implementation of 3D printing/additive manufacturing. Photonics-based production tools including lasers, optical
 metrology, and machine vision combined with adoption of rapid prototyping and Industry 4.0 are driving big manufacturing changes
 in industries like aerospace and automobiles. 

Semiconductor
 processing (+8 ), driven by demand for optical processing and metrology equipment. Opto-electronics and mobility, integrated photonics
 circuits are beginning to address applications that were typically addressed by integrated electronic circuits. POC Biosensing, terabit
 internet, lidar based radar, and telecom are areas that are being disrupted due to reduced cost, size, weight, and power consumption
 while still improving performance and reliability. Design, develop, and manufacturing processes are similar to micro-electronics.
 Integrated photonics is envisioned to play the role in industry 4.0 what electronic integrated circuits did in industry 3.0. 

BioMedical
 (+13 ), growth in diagnostic imaging, digital pathology, in vitro diagnostics, and point-of-care diagnostics led broad- based gains
 across this segment. Food safety testing also saw a significant uptick. Looking ahead, cost-effective photonics-based diagnostic
 and therapeutic medical devices are achieving higher market penetration. 

Defense,
 safety, and security (+10 ), driven by gains in more than 30 sub-segments combined with substantial upswings in video surveillance,
 perimeter security and sensing, and investment in equipment for directed energy systems. Infrared systems, hyperspectral imaging,
 and laser-based countermeasures are all deployed, while laser weapons are emerging as a real near-term possibility. We believe there
 may be increased demand for aiming, scoping, and targeting using optics and photonics. 

Industry
4.0 is revolutionizing the advanced manufacturing sector 

This
fourth industrial revolution Industry 4.0 ), which encompasses the internet-of-things and smart manufacturing, marries
physical production and operations with digital technology, machine learning / artificial intelligence and big data to create a more
holistic and connected ecosystem for companies that focus on manufacturing and supply chain management. As industry 4.0 continues to
bring changes in manufacturing, technological advancements leading to innovative photonics-enabled products, and photonics are improving
manufacturing performance with photonics-enabled technology. We expect Industry 4.0 to transform production by driving faster, more flexible
and more efficient processes which will be monetized by companies through the production of higher-quality goods at reduced costs. 

Beyond
the traditional industrial automation, new transforming products from unmanned aircrafts and driverless cars, smart robots in the operating
rooms and artificial intelligence of organ and tissue imaging, to augmented and virtual reality increasingly require optics and photonics
imagers, sensors, and detectors. We expect this trend to be especially pronounced in the United States, which has seen automation as
a way to be globally competitive in spite of rising wages. 

Optics
and photonics are an integral aspect of the ongoing advancement of traditional manufacturing and industrial practices. Optics and photonics
can reduce cost, size, weight, and power consumption in all spheres of technology that is making us smarter. These includes our content,
its context, inter-connection for exchange, and various types of content - from imaging to detection and sensing. Mr. Kapoor has operated
extensively across this advancing ecosystem of customers, suppliers, and business operators, which is at the overlapping intersection
on contextual technology, content technology, connected technology, and imaging, detecting, and sensing technology. The advanced technologies,
which are beneficiaries and drivers of this ecosystem include artificial intelligence, quantum computing, internet-of-things, driverless
cars, robotics, 3D printing, and other new technologies. 

Business
Combination Criteria 

Our
business combination criteria will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic sector, but given the experience of our management
team, we expect to focus on acquiring a business combination target within the advanced manufacturing industry, with a focus on optics
and photonics, with an enterprise value of approximately 350 million to 750 million. Our management team will look to identify business
combination targets which are in need of strategic growth capital, will benefit from becoming a publicly listed company, may require
creative business approaches to unlock additional value, or may need to repurchase debt, target strategic acquisitions or require working
capital. 

Consistent
with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating
prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to
enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

Services
 end markets . We intend to pursue targets within a space that has many varied offerings based on diversity of manufacturing
 processes, wavelength of light used, materials, and whether the offering is a component, sub-system or OEM. 

Diversity
 of sectors . Our strategy is to acquire a participant with potential in the wide range of end-market. We intend to build sustainable
 value with a company that provides us a platform of diverse sectors, R D spend, vertical integration, and design-for-manufacturability.
 We intend to focus on active or passive optics and photonics as entry point as the industry overall is quite fragmented. 

Proprietary
 pipeline and deal flow . We intend to find and acquire companies off the radar screen of other acquirers with deal flow from a
 deep professional network research of new sciences and technologies. Deals will be assessed for social disruption in their
 sectors using proprietary models. 

Geography .
 We intend to initially focus on well-established optics and photonics capabilities in the United States markets. 

Barriers
 to entry and differentiation . We intend to focus on businesses that provide differentiated industrial solutions and ability to
 pivot or extend to optics and photonics and that possess high barriers to entry and a certain degree of technological differentiation
 and manufacturing complexity embedded in their platform; have defensible proprietary technology and intellectual property rights
 that are significantly differentiated and superior to attract good talent. 

3 

Scalability
 and growth . We intend to focus on businesses that are scaled or have ability to scale within their large addressable market with
 R D and capex; and are on a promising organic growth path, driven by a sustainable competitive advantage, with opportunities
 for acceleration by add-on acquisitions. 

Financial
 and regulatory processes and controls. We intend to focus on businesses that have robust compliance, financial controls and reporting
 processes in place and that we believe are ready for the regulatory requirements of a public entity, or have the potential to timely
 implement appropriate public company reporting, compliance and financial controls under the guidance of our management team. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management
team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not
meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder
communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer
documents that we would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Competitive
Strengths 

We
believe the sourcing, valuation, diligence, and execution capabilities of our management team will provide us with a significant pipeline
of opportunities from which to evaluate and select a business that will benefit from our expertise. 

Strong Management Team. We will leverage the
 extensive experience of our management team, all of whom have been involved at various levels in acquisitions, financings, and advisory
 transactions, totaling billions in transaction value, and have significant experience investing in a variety of economic cycles,
 with a track record of identifying high-quality assets with opportunities for optimization. We believe our management team s
 ability to originate, effectively diligence, and creatively and thoughtfully structure transactions will generate attractive risk-adjusted
 returns for investors. We believe we will benefit from our management team s successful track record in technology and business
 services industry, including experiences serving as corporate executives and board members for various companies, both public and
 private. 

Broad
 Sourcing Channels and Leading Industry Relationships. We believe the capabilities and relationships associated with our management
 team will provide us with a differentiated pipeline of attractive business combination opportunities that would be difficult for
 other market participants to replicate. 

Underwriting, Execution, and Structuring Capabilities.
 Our management team will apply to our acquisition targets a rigorous analytical review and diligence process that its individual
 members apply or have applied in their current or past professional experiences. The sensitivity of financial and operational drivers
 to external factors is a key component of evaluating investment opportunities and pricing risk. We believe our investment discipline
 will allow us to identify opportunities where our management team can create stockholder value, which may include operational or
 capital structure improvements, as well as the introduction of new technologies and/or products to drive growth. 

Public
 Company Operating Expertise. As a result of serving as executive officers and directors of publicly traded companies, our management
 team has substantial experience in navigating the challenges of operating as a public company. We anticipate that one or more members
 of our management team or board, would remain on the board of the company post business combination. In addition, some of the potential
 acquisition targets we consider may operate within a regulated industry. We believe that the expertise within our management team
 around technology and business services industries will be advantageous when evaluating certain acquisition targets. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of
directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not
able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.
While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value
of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular
target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant
to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

Our IPO prospectus and charter provided that we had
15 months from the date of our IPO (until February 12, 2023) to complete a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a Business Combination ).
Our charter and Trust Agreement provided that we had the right to extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to
two times by an additional three months each time (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a Business Combination) by depositing into
the trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee, an amount of 0.10 per unit sold to
the public in the IPO for each such three-month extension (resulting in a total deposit of 10.40 per unit sold to the public in the event
both extensions are elected) (each, an Extension Election ), as described in more detail in our IPO prospectus. 

In a Special Meeting of the Stockholders on December
21, 2022, an Extension Amendment Proposal and the Trust Amendment Proposal were approved, and as a result, we will not have to rely on
an Extension Election, but will instead have the right to extend the Combination Period for an additional nine (9) months or such earlier
date as determined by the Board, from February 12, 2023 to November 12, 2023. The purpose of the Extension is to provide the Company more
time to complete a Business Combination, which the Board believes is in the best interests of our stockholders. With the Extension Proposal
approved, neither the Sponsor nor the Company are required to deposit additional funds into the trust account in connection with the Extension. 

In connection
with the Extension Proposal, stockholders who owned shares of our common stock issued in our IPO (we refer to such stockholders as public
stockholders and such shares as public shares elected to redeem all or a portion of their public shares. Stockholders
who elected to redeem, the redemption for a per-share price, payable in cash, was equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Company s trust account (the Trust Account ), including interest (which interest was net of taxes payable), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares. Therefore, as of December 21, 2022, there were 1,348,049 shares of Class A common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

4 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination either: (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public
stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses; or (ii) in such
a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order
to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial
business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business
combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses
that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 of net assets test. If the initial business
combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions
and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder
approval, as applicable. 

Our
Initial Business Combination Process 

In
evaluating prospective business combinations, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among
other things, a review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable),
on-site inspection of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA
or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Members
of our management team indirectly own shares of Class B common stock issued prior to our IPO, which we refer to as our founder shares,
and warrants issued in a private placement completed concurrently with our IPO, which we refer to as the private warrants, and, accordingly,
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target
business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. However, subject to any pre-existing contractual
or fiduciary obligations, our sponsor and officers and directors will offer all suitable business combination opportunities within the
technology industry (and other related sectors) to us before any other person or company until we have entered into a definitive agreement
regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing
of our IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of our IPO, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). 

Members
of our management team are employed by or otherwise work with our sponsor or with other entities. Our sponsor and these other entities
and their respective affiliates are continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to
pursue for an initial business combination; we have not, however, selected any specific business combination target and we have not,
nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. 

Our
sponsor and each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them and our sponsor in the future may have additional, fiduciary
or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business
combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is
suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. We do not believe, however, that any
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our sponsor and our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete
our initial business combination. Our certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be
reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating
another legal obligation. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the
 particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate a Target s Management Team 

Although
we will closely scrutinize the management of a prospective business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business
combination with that business, our assessment of the business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future
management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of
members of our founding team, if any, in the business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether
any of the members of our founding team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business
combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our founding team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations
of the particular business. 

5 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management, director or advisory positions with the combined company.
The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. 

Following
an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the business. We
cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills,
knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other
entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout
funds, public companies, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have
extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. 

Moreover,
many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire a business
or businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the
acquisition of a business. These and other factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial
business combination. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
executive offices are located at 1111 Lincoln Road, Suite 500, Miami Beach, FL 33139 and our telephone number is (786) 750-2820. 

Employees 

We
currently have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but
they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a partner business has been selected for our initial
business combination and the stage of the business combination process. 

Reports
to Security Holders 

We
have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains
an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC, located at http://sec.gov. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial
statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year: (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the completion of our IPO; (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion; or (c) in which we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700
million as of the prior June 30; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during
the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which: (1) the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30th; or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700
million as of the prior June 30 th . 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Factors
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this Annual Report are any of the risks described in our Prospectus
for our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC on November 10, 2021. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material
adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Annual Report, there have been no material
changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Prospectus. 

6 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at 1111 Lincoln Road, Suite 500 Miami Beach, FL 33139. Our executive offices are provided to
us by our sponsor at no charge. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not
currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding,
investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

7 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
 COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
units began to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol OLITU on November 09, 2021. The shares of
Class A common stock and redeemable warrants comprising the units, which we refer to as the public warrants, began separate trading on
Nasdaq on January 24, 2022, under the symbols OLIT and OLITW , respectively. 

Holders
of Record 

As
of January 19, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A common stock, one holder of record
of our Class B common stock and four holders of record of our public warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially
greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders whose units, public shares and public warrants are held of
record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if
any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends
subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention
of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors
does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to
declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities ; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

On
May 20, 2021, our sponsor purchased 4,312,500 founder shares. On September 27, 2021 our sponsor forfeited 718,750 shares for no consideration.
On November 1, 2021, we effected a 1 1/3-to-1 forward stock split on our founder shares and as a result our sponsor owns 4,791,667 shares
for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.005 per share. The number of founder shares issued was determined based
on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 25 of the outstanding shares upon completion of our IPO. The founder shares
(including the Class A common stock issuable upon exchange thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Such securities were issued in connection
with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

On
November 12, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 14,375,000 Units, each Unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock of the Company
and one-half of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50. The closing
included the full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds to the Company of 143,750,000. Imperial Capital. acted as the sole book running manager and I-Bankers as the co-manager
of the offering. The securities sold in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1
(No. 333-260090). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on November 8, 2021. 

On
November 12, 2021, simultaneously with the consummation of our IPO, we sold to our sponsor, Imperial Capital, LLC, and I-Bankers Securities
in a private placement an aggregate of 6,920,500 private warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, generating total proceeds of 6,920,500.
The private warrants are identical to the warrants underlying the Units sold in our IPO, except that they: (i) may not (including the
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold
by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination; and (ii) will be entitled to registration rights.
The private warrants were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve
a public offering. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such securities. 

A
total of 146,625,000 of the net proceeds from the sale of Units in our IPO and the private warrants in the private placement on November
12, 2021 was placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders maintained by Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee, which we refer to as the trust account. Except with respect to interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our franchise and income tax obligations (less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest
of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination; (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection
with a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of incorporation: (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our IPO (or up
to 21 months from the closing of our IPO, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination); or (ii) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity; and (c) the redemption of our public
shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our IPO (or up to 21 months
from the closing of our IPO, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), subject to applicable law. The proceeds
deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims
of our public stockholders. We incurred 8,333,135 in transaction costs, including 2,875,000 of underwriting fees, 5,031,250 of deferred
underwriting fees and 426,885 of other offering costs. 

There
has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the IPO as is described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC
pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (File No. 333-260090). For a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our IPO, see above Part I,
Item 1 Business and below Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

8 

ITEM
 6. 
 [ RESERVED .] 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a
result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item
1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated on May 20, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of entering into a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more
businesses or entities. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the sale
of the private warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital
or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations (other than searching for a business combination after our IPO) nor generated any operating revenues
to date. Our only activities from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary
to prepare for the IPO, described below, and searching for a business combination after our IPO. We do not expect to generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest
earned on investments held after the IPO. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting
and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income
of 847,623, which consisted of formation and operational costs and transaction costs totaling 787,639 offset by interest and dividends
earned on investments held in the trust account of 2,081,055. 

For
the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 169,488, which consisted of formation and operational
costs of 171,167 offset by interest earned on investments held in the trust account of 1,679. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
November 12, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 14,375,000 Units, inclusive of the underwriters election to fully exercise their
option to purchase an additional 1,875,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 143,750,000. Simultaneously
with the closing of our IPO, we consummated the sale of 6,920,500 private warrants to our sponsor, Imperial Capital and I-Bankers at
a price of 1.00 per private warrant generating gross proceeds of 6,920,500. 

Following
our IPO, the full exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters and the sale of the private warrants, a total of 146,625,000
was placed in the trust account. We incurred 8,333,135 in transaction costs, including 2,875,000 of underwriting fees, 5,031,250 of
deferred underwriting fees and 426,885 of other offering costs. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 787,639. Net income of 847,623 was affected by interest earned
on investments held in the trust account of 2,081,055 and changes in operating assets and liabilities used 644,474 of cash for operating
activities. 

For
the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 171,167. Net loss of 169,488
was affected by interest earned on investments held in the trust account of 1,679 and changes in operating assets and liabilities used
 274,017 of cash for operating activities. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash and investments held in the trust account of 14,011,070 and 146,626,679, respectively.
We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the
trust account to complete our initial business combination. We may continue to withdraw interest to pay taxes. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, we withdrew interest income from the trust account to pay franchise and income taxes. To the
extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination,
the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or
businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 117,506 of cash held outside of the trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account
primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and
from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000
of such working capital loans may be convertible into warrants equivalent to the private warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant (which,
for example, would result in the holders being issued 1,500,000 warrants if 1,500,000 of notes were so converted), at the option of
the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period.
In the event that a business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust account to
repay the working capital loans but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the working capital loans. 

We
monitor the adequacy of our working capital in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to our initial
business combination. We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating
our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating
a business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business
prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business
combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial business
combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to
compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we
will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash
on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

9 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable
interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other
entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

The
underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 5,031,250 in the aggregate as noted in our prospectus, however,
the underwriters have issued a letter to the Company on November 12, 2022 that it has reduced the deferred fee to 500,000 in the
aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event
that we complete our initial business combination, subject to the same terms of the underwriting agreement, which was attached as an
exhibit to our registration statement on form S-1 filed with the SEC in connection with our IPO (File No. 333-260090). 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Warrant
Liabilities 

We
account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific
terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC
815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition
of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including
whether the warrants are indexed to our own ordinary share, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which
requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end
date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component
of additional paid-in-capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification,
the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations 

Common
Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability
instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights
that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our
control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our Class A
common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain
future events. Accordingly, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity,
outside of the stockholders equity section of our balance sheet. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares
to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary
shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net
Income (Loss) per Common Stock 

Net
loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of ordinary share outstanding during the period.
At December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and/or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or
converted into shares of ordinary share and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same
as basic loss per share for the period presented. Remeasurement associated with the redeemable common stock is excluded from loss per
Common Stock as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures about Market Risk 

As
of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our IPO, the net proceeds
of our IPO, including amounts in the trust account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185
days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments,
we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 16 of this Report beginning on Page F-1, and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements
 with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

10 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and
chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of
December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors 

(3) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. This involved first assessing the control environment
for the standards, processes, and structures in place for controls. This was followed by risk assessment of the established suitable
and clear objectives at all levels of operations, reporting, and compliance. Controls were reviewed for being preventive or detective
in nature. Assessment of manual and automated activities including authorizations and approvals, verifications, and reconciliations.
Segregation of duties was also assessed. Information and communication was assessed for its continual, iterative process of providing,
sharing, and obtaining necessary information. Internal communication was assessed by examining information dissemination, flowing up,
down, and across the team. External communication was assessed both inbound communication of relevant external information, and also
providing information to external parties in response to requirements and expectations. Final part of the assessment involved evaluation
of quarterly controls and review of fundamental principles in accordance with compliance. 

This
Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging
growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT
 PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

11 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Al Kapoor 
 
 55 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Robert O Nelson II 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Skylar M Jacobs 
 
 29 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Kent R Weldon 
 
 55 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Mark D Norman 
 
 55 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 James M Jenkins 
 
 58 
 
 Independent Director 

Below
is a summary of the business experience of each our executive officers and directors: 

Al
Kapoor Chairman Chief Executive Officer: Al Kapoor has served as our Chairman Chief Executive Officer since
our inception. Since 1999, Al has been Chairman of Syntec Optics and has engaged in finding, acquiring, and growing optics and photonics
companies since 1997 as a technology entrepreneur immediately after graduating Harvard Business School. Shortly thereafter he found and
acquired his first advanced manufacturing company in Rochester, New York, renamed it Syntec Optics, transformed it into a defense, medical
and consumer optics and photonics leader, and accelerated growth with add-on acquisitions. This deep technical and business experience
has led to diverse relationships in the optics and photonics ecosystem suppliers, customers, end-users, venture capitalists,
private equity managers, entrepreneurs, and executives. Al runs an app called PioneeringMinds with a fortnightly newsletter on future
industries with circulation of over 100,000 to executives around the country. He continues to invest in optics and photonics, from driverless
cars, robotics, virtual reality, sensors, to terabit internet. He is also on the advisory council for MIT s program to train and
educate the workforce for new disruptions in the area of Integrated Photonics. Al has been invited to the White House on several occasions
to participate in innovation policy discussions. Al studied various disciplines of engineering and business at 5 universities earning
an MBA from Harvard University and MS from Iowa State University. 

Robert
O. Nelson II Chief Financial Officer: Robert O. Nelson II has served as our Chief Financial Officer since September 2021.
Prior to this he served as Vice President of Financial Systems at AMG (NASDAQ: AMG from 2017 to 2021. Robert has 20+ years of finance,
tax, and technology experience. Robert has successfully supported public private corporations, including optics and photonics companies,
in design and transformation of their general accounting, financial close, consolidation, budgeting, and forecasting functions. He has
worked in domestic and international areas, advising clients in finance and tax technology optimization projects, tax accounting, tax
compliance, and IP planning. Robert has built a proven management track record of successful business transformation. Drawing upon steady
leadership, determination, and strategic insight, Robert has leveraged financial and operational best practices as well as sound judgment
in guiding teams through the intricacies of aligning organizational performance with corporate strategy. Most recently, as Vice President
of Financial Systems at AMG (NASDAQ: AMG), he has worked with the executive management team on enhancing financial operations, business
systems, regulatory reporting and business process improvements. Previously, Robert played a key role in SEC compliance for a spin-out
of an optics and photonics division from a public company, which now has an over 1B valuation. During his tenure as a consultant, he
provided guidance and consultation to CFOs and finance departments on internal control, regulatory reporting, taxation, financial due
diligence and systems implementations. While at Deloitte, Robert instructed at many of Deloitte s national technical training sessions
covering international and domestic tax concepts and enterprise performance management solutions. Robert is a Certified Public Accountant
and earned a Master of Science in Taxation from Bentley University s McCallum Graduate School of Business and a Master of Science
in Information Systems from Boston University s Graduate School of Management. 

Skylar
M. Jacobs Chief Operating Officer: Skylar M Jacobs has served as our Chief Operating Officer since August 2021 and compliments
an experienced sponsor team with his eight years of execution experience working with technology entrepreneurs and meeting their specific
growth and capital needs. From 2017 to present Skylar serves as Vice President of Business Development and Operations at PainQx, a medical
device company developing proprietary AI algorithms to translate neural activity into actionable health measures, Skylar developed a
non-dilutive funding pipeline, but more importantly, developed and executed a fundraising strategy across high-net-worth individuals,
family offices, venture funds, and strategic partners for eventual M A activities. Prior to PainQx, Skylar started his career in
2017 in investment consulting at Life Science Nation helping scientist entrepreneurs connect with investors and develop their fundraising
campaigns. Skylar spent several years developing strategies and partnering opportunities for healthcare companies including Cascade Prodrug,
Meenta, Andaman7, and SpringTide Partners, a Healthcare IT focused venture fund. Skylar also worked on business strategies for CureMatch,
an AI-driven oncology diagnostic company, and with one of the world s first CRO marketplaces, Assay Depot, rebranded as Scientist.com.
Skylar received a B.S. in Molecular Biology with minors in Business and Literature from the University of California, San Diego. 

Kent
R. Weldon Independent Director: Kent R Weldon has served as our independent director since our IPO in November 2021 and
has three decades of experience in finding, structuring, and acquiring companies. He is an advisory partner to Thomas H. Lee Partners,
previously serving as managing director, starting at the firm in 1991. Thomas H. Lee Partners has raised over 25B in capital since 1974.
Prior to joining Thomas H. Lee Partners, Mr. Weldon worked at Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated in the Financial Institutions Group.
Mr. Weldon also worked at Wellington Management Company, an institutional money management firm. Mr. Weldon s prior directorships
include Acosta Sales and Marketing, Bargain Hunt, CTI Foods, Give and Go Prepared Foods Corp., iHeartMedia, Inc., CMP Susquehanna Corp.,
FairPoint Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: FRP), Fisher Scientific International Inc. (NYSE: TMO), Michael Foods, Nortek, Inc. (NASDAQ:
NTK), Phillips Pet Food Supplies, and Progressive Moulded Products; Mr. Weldon holds a B.A., summa cum laude, in Economics and
Arts and Letters Program for Administrators from the University of Notre Dame and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. 

Mark
D. Norman Independent Director: Mark D Norman has served as our independent director since our IPO in November 2021 and
is a Managing Partner at FM Capital, starting at the firm in 2015, and serves on the boards of the following FM Capital portfolio companies:
AutoPay, Gatik, GuardKnox, Lunewave, Motorq, NextDroid and Optimus Ride. Mark has significant experience leading both early stage and
global businesses in the automotive manufacturing, service and mobility industries. He started washing cars at the local Chrysler dealership
in high school and ultimately was named CEO of Chrysler Canada (NYSE: STLA (merged with Stellantis)). From there, he was recruited to
become CEO of Flexcar, a nascent car-sharing company. He successfully negotiated the sale of Flexcar to rival Zipcar (NASDAQ: ZIP), where
as president, he led the company s expansion into over 25 major cities and more than 300 college campuses, creating the world s
largest carsharing network. Mark and the team managed the company s IPO on the NASDAQ and subsequent sale to Avis Budget Group
(NASDAQ: CAR). 

12 

James
M. Jenkins Independent Director: James M. Jenkins has served as our independent director since our IPO in November 2021
and specializes in securities law matters for initial and secondary public offerings, private placements, mergers and acquisitions, and
securities law compliance for SPACs. Prior to becoming General Counsel and Vice President of Corporate Development at Transcat, Inc.
in September 2020, James was the practice group leader of Harter Secrest Emery LLP s Securities and Capital Markets practice,
and the Partner in Charge of HSE s New York City office having joined the firm in 1989 and served as partner since 1997. Professional
Affiliations: Member, New York State Bar Association, General Counsel to Transcat (Nasdaq: TRNS), 2001 Present, Board of Directors,
Lakeland Industries, Inc. (Nasdaq: LAKE), 2012-2015, 2016 Present, Chair, Governance Committee, 2016 Present; Member,
2012-2015, Member, Compensation Committee, 2012-2015, 2016 Present, Member, Audit Committee, 2012-2015, 2016 Present,
General Counsel to Jerash Holdings, Inc., 2016-2020, General Counsel to IEC Electronics, Inc. (NYSE/MKT: IEC), 2015-2020, General Counsel
and Corporate Secretary to iVEDiX, Inc., 2013-2020, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary to Finger Lakes Technologies Group, Inc.,
2013-2020. 

In
addition to our management and board of directors, we have an execution team with a combined experience of over 100 years. The team consists
of a finance manager working in conjunction with a controller, a compliance manager, and two industry researchers. The controller maintains
the financial statements and accounts, the finance manager oversees the audit conducted by our independent outside accountants, the compliance
manager maintains records on the trust account established in connection with our IPO, which we refer to as the trust account, and listings
of our securities, and two industry researchers track and analyze public and private company data including acquisition history. The
execution team has no fiduciary obligations to present business opportunities to us. 

We
believe our management team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial
number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed
a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing,
acquiring and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams
and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. 

Officer
and Director Qualifications 

Our
officers and board of directors are composed of a diverse group of leaders with a wide array of professional roles. In these roles, they
have gained experience in core management skills, such as strategic and financial planning, financial reporting, compliance, risk management,
and leadership development. Many of our officers and directors also have experience serving on boards of directors and board committees
of other companies, and have an understanding of corporate governance practices and trends, which provides an understanding of different
business processes, challenges, and strategies. Further, our officers and directors also have other experience that makes them valuable,
managing and investing assets or facilitating the consummation of business combinations. 

We,
along with our officers and directors, believe that the above-mentioned attributes, along with the leadership skills and other experiences
of our officers and board members described above, provide us with a diverse range of perspectives and judgment necessary to facilitate
our goals of consummating an acquisition transaction. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We
have four directors. Our board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year
and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our
first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Kent R.
Weldon and James M. Jenkins will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of
directors, consisting of Mark D. Norman and Al Kapoor, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our
bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, President,
Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries, and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of the Company s directors and officers. 

Board
Committees 

The
Board has a standing audit and compensation committee. Both audit committee and compensation committee have a charter, each of which
was filed with the SEC as exhibits to the registration statement on form S-1 filed with the SEC in connection with our IPO (File No.
333-260090). You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov or at our website,
https://www.omnilitac.com/, under the Investors section. 

13 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Mark D. Norman, James M. Jenkins, and Kent R. Weldon serve as members
of our audit committee, and Mr. Norman chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are
required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Mark D. Norman, Kent R. Weldon,
and James M. Jenkins meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange
Act. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Norman qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert, as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation,
 retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit
 and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing
 pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies
 for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required
 by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies
 for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing
 a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing: (i) the independent registered public
 accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures; (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control
 review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within
 the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such
 issues; and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered
 public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving
 any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us
 entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management,
 the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters,
 including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material
 issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
 by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Kent R. Weldon and Mark D. Norman serve as members of our compensation
committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation
committee, all of whom must be independent. Kent R. Weldon, and Mark D. Norman are independent, and Kent R. Weldon chairs the compensation
committee. 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving
 on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid
 by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving
 the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving
 on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual
 basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering
 our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in
 complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites,
 special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating,
 and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting, or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing
stockholders, officers, directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate
the consummation of an initial business combination. 

Accordingly,
it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for
the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

14 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend
a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily
carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are James M. Jenkins, Mark D. Norman,
and Kent R. Weldon. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating
committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders).
Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
bylaws. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one
or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities
laws which was filed with the SEC as an exhibit to the registration statement on form S-1 filed with the SEC in connection with our IPO
(File No. 333-260090). You can review the code by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov or at our website,
https://www.omnilitac.com/, under the Investors section. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without
charge upon request from us. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business.
We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons
who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities. These executive
officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based
solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing
requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon
termination of employment. 

Executive
Officers and Director Compensation 

Each
of our directors and executive officers are members of our sponsor. None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, officers, and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers
or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside
the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in
place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

15 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
 CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth as of January 30, 2023 the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known
by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (ii) each of our officers
and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. As of January 30, 2023, we had 6,139,716 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the public or private warrants, as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of January 30, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percent of Class 
 
 OmniLit Sponsor LLC (our sponsor) (2)(3)(9) 
 4,791,667 
 25.00 
 
 Al Kapoor (2)(3) 
 4,791,667 
 25.00 
 
 Kent R. Weldon (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mark D. Norman (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 James M. Jenkins (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Robert O. Nelson II (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Skylar M. Jacobs (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All officers and directors as a group (7 individuals) 
 4,791,667 
 25.00 
 
 Other 5 Holders 

Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. (5) 
 115,000 
 8.53 
 
 Sea Otter Advisors, L.P. (6) 
 125,005 
 9.27 
 
 Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. (7) 
 200,000 
 14.84 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (8) 
 230,000 
 17.06 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of the entities and individuals is c/o OmniLit Acquisition Corp., 1111 Lincoln Road, Suite
 500 Miami Beach, FL 33139. 

(2) 
 Interests
 shown consist solely of founder shares, which are shares of Class B common stock. Such shares are convertible into shares of Class
 A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the section entitled Description of Securities 
 in our prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (File No. 333-260090). 

(3) 
 OmniLit
 Sponsor LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Al Kapoor, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman,
 is the Chief Executive Officer of OmniLit Sponsor LLC. Accordingly, Al Kapoor has voting and investment discretion with respect to
 the shares held by OmniLit Sponsor LLC, and as such, he may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the Class B common stock held
 directly by OmniLit Sponsor LLC. Al Kapoor disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of
 any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(4) 
 Does
 not include any shares held by our sponsor, of which each of these individuals is a member. Each individual disclaims beneficial
 ownership of such securities except to the extent of their ultimate pecuniary interest therein. 

(5) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed on December 22, 2022 Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the 115,000
 shares of Class A Common Stock. 

(6) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed on December 28, Sea Otter Advisors L.P. may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of, the 125,005 shares of
 Class A Common Stock reported in such Schedule 13G. 

(7) 
 According
 to a Form 3 filed on December 27, Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of, the 200,000 shares
 of Class A Common Stock reported in such Form 3. 

(8) 
 According
 to a Form 3 filed on December 30, Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of, the 230,000 shares
 of Class A Common Stock reported in such Form 3. 

(9) 
 As per 8-K filed on December 15, 2022, nine investors signed non-redemption
agreements for 499,992 founder shares. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes
in Control 

None. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
 AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

On
May 20, 2021, our sponsor purchased 4,312,500 founder shares. On September 27, 2021 our sponsor forfeited 718,750 shares for no consideration.
On November 1, 2021, we effected a 1 1/3-to-1 forward stock split on our founder shares and as a result our sponsor owns 4,791,667 shares
for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.005 per share. The number of founder shares issued was determined based
on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 25 of the outstanding shares upon completion of our IPO. The founder shares
(including the Class A common stock issuable upon exchange thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

On
November 12, 2021, simultaneously with the consummation of our IPO, we sold to our sponsor, Imperial Capital, LLC, and I-Bankers Securities
in a private placement an aggregate of 6,920,500 private warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, generating total proceeds of 6,920,500.
The private warrants are identical to the public warrants, except that they: (i) may not (including the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination; and (ii) will be entitled to registration rights. 

16 

As
more fully discussed in our final prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (File No. 333-260090), if any of our officers
or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which
he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Each
of our directors and executive officers are members of our sponsor. None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, officers, and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers
or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside
the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in
place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

Prior
to the closing of our IPO, our sponsor loaned us 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our IPO. This loan was non-interest
bearing, unsecured and was due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of our IPO. The loan was repaid upon the closing of
our IPO out of the 340,000 of offering proceeds that had been allocated for the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting
commissions). The value of our sponsor s interest in this transaction corresponds to the principal amount outstanding under the
loan. 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at 1111 Lincoln Road, Suite 500 Miami Beach, FL 33139. Our executive offices are provided to
us by our sponsor at no charge. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000
of such working capital loans may be convertible into warrants equivalent to the private warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant (which,
for example, would result in the holders being issued 1,500,000 warrants if 1,500,000 of notes were so converted), at the option of
the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period.
In the event that a business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust account to
repay the working capital loans but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the working capital loans. The terms
of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties
will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of founder shares and private warrants are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed
on November 8, 2021. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any registration statements pursuant
to the registration rights agreement. 

Related
Party Policy 

We
had not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions at the time of prior to our
IPO. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

Since
our IPO we have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines
or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with
the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including
any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. 

17 

In
addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to
the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a
meeting at which a quorum is present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire
audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee
will be required to approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors 
and officers questionnaire annually that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to
our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be paid by us to
our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination, other than the 300,000 repaid to our sponsor for the loan granted in connection with the offering
and the following payments, which may be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be
made from the proceeds of the offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Reimbursement
 for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

Repayment
 of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction
 costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written
 agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00
 per warrant at the option of the lender. 

Our
audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that James M. Jenkins, Mark
D. Norman, and Kent R. Weldon are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules.
Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Public
Accounting Fees 

The
firm of Marcum LLP, or Marcum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to
Marcum or services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 111,240,
for the services Marcum performed in connection with our annual regulatory filings. For the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 94,760, for the services Marcum performed
in connection with our IPO and the audit of our December 31, 2021 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Audit-Related
Fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 20, 2021 (inception through December 31, 2021, our independent
registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of
financial statements. 

Tax
Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 7,200
for services relating to tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. For the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent
registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. For the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those
set forth above. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing
services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since
the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of
the audit). 

18 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The
 following are filed with this report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the year ended from December 31, 2022 and the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules. 

All
 schedules are omitted as the required information is not applicable or the information is presented in the financial statements or
 related notes. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We
 hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Copies of such material can be obtained on
 the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, by and between Registrant and Imperial Capital, LLC, I-Bankers Securities, Inc., as representatives of underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021) 

3.1(a) 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 6, 2021) 

3.1(b) 
 
 Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021) 

3.1(c) 
 
 Amendment to the Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 6, 2021) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 6, 2021) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 6, 2021) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 6, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021) 

4.5 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, among the Registrant and its officers, directors and initial stockholders, including OmniLit Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021) 

10.2(a) 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021) 

10.2(b) 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, among the Registrant and each of the initial stockholders of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021) 

10.4 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, by and between the Registrant, OmniLit Sponsor, LLC, Imperial Capital, LLC, and I-Bankers Securities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated May 20, 2021, between the Registrant and OmniLit Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 6, 2021) 

19 

10.6 
 
 Forfeiture Agreement, dated September 27, 2021, between the Registrant and OmniLit Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 6, 2021) 

10.7 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, among the Registrant and Al Kapoor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021) 

10.8 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, among the Registrant and Brian F. Hughes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021) 

10.9 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, among the Registrant and Skylar M. Jacobs (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021) 

10.10 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, among the Registrant and James M. Jenkins (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021) 

10.11 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, among the Registrant and Robert O. Nelson II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021) 

10.12 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, among the Registrant and Mark D. Norman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021) 

10.13 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, among the Registrant and Kent R. Weldon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021) 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 6, 2021) 

24 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page to the Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 6 2021) 

99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 6, 2021) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith 

These
 certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes
 of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing
 under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

20 

OMNILIT
ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS . 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-2 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 OmniLit
Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of OmniLit Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period
from May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds
to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Marcum
LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

January 30, 2023 

F- 2 

OmniLit Acquisition Corp. 

 Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash on hand 

Prepaid expenses 

Income Tax Receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Total current assets 

Long-term prepaid expenses 
 - 

Marketable securities and cash held in Trust Account 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued offering cost 

Income tax liability 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriters discount 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) 
 - 

Common
 stock subject to possible redemption, shares at (1) 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding, excluding shares subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class B Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, value 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

1. shares were redeemed. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements 

F- 3 

OmniLit Acquisition Corp. 

 Statements of Operations 

 For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and the period from May 20, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 May 20, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 

Operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Total income (loss) before income tax 

Income tax expense 
 
 - 
 
 Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements 

F- 4 

OmniLit
Acquisition Corp. 

 Statements of Stockholders Deficit 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and the period from May 20, 2021 

 (Inception)
Through December 31, 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Class B 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 (1) 

- 

Net loss (January 1 through March 31, 2022) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of March 31, 2022 

Balance as of March 31, 2022 

- 

Net income (Three Months Ended June 30, 2022) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of June 30, 2022 

Balance as of June 30, 2022 

- 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net income (Three Months Ended September 30, 2022) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of September 30, 2022 (Nine Months Ended) 

Balance as of September 30, 2022 (Nine Months Ended) 

- 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net income (Three Months Ended December 31, 2022) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Deferred Underwriter s Fees 

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 (Year Ended) 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 (Year Ended) 

- 

Balance as of May 20, 2021 (Inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2021 

Balance as of June 30, 2021 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance as of September 30, 2021 

Balance as of September 30, 2021 

- 

Balance, value 

- 

Proceeds from issuance of public warrants, net of offering costs 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of private placement warrants in connection with IPO, net
of offering cost 
 - 
 - 

Remeasurement of shares subject to redemption 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 (1) 

- 

Balance, value 

- 

(1) 
 founder shares to our sponsor. On September 27, 2021, our sponsor forfeited
 founder shares for no consideration. On November 1, 2021, Founder Shares. (See Note5). 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements 

F- 5 

OmniLit Acquisition Corp. 

 Statements of
Cash Flows For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and the
period from May 20, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 May 20, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Changes in current assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Income tax expense 
 
 - 
 
 Income Tax Receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriters discount 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of private placement warrants 
 - 

Proceeds from Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 - 

Proceeds from notes-payable to related party 
 - 

Proceeds from advances from related party 
 - 

Payment of offering costs 

Funds Transfer from Trust Account to Cash for DE Tax Reimbursement 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Non-cash financing transactions: 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 
 
 - 
 
 Payment from Trust Account in connection with redemption of shares 
 
 - 
 
 Remeasurement of shares subject to redemption 

Offering costs included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 - 

Funds Transfer from Trust Account to Cash for Federal and State Tax
Reimbursement 
 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements 

F- 6 

OMNILIT
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units Units ), including the issuance of Units
as a result of the underwriters exercise in full of their over-allotment option at an offering price of per
Unit, generating gross proceeds of which
is discussed in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated a private placement (the Private
Placement of warrants
to OmniLit Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the Company s sponsor (the Sponsor ), warrants
to Imperial Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Imperial Capital ), and warrants
to I-Bankers Securities, Inc., a Texas corporation I- Bankers ), (together, the Private Placement
Warrants ), each at a price of per
Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of ,
which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to ,
consisting of of
underwriting discount, of
deferred underwriting discount, and of
other offering costs. In addition, of
cash was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and was available for working capital purposes. The Company s
Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 
of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (net of taxes payable) at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter
into the Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete the Business Combination if the post-Business Combination
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect the
Business Combination. 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, a total of per Unit) of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private
Placement was deposited in a trust account Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning
set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the
Company. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its
franchise and income tax obligations (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), the proceeds from the IPO and the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of: (a) the completion of the Business
Combination; (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s
certificate of incorporation; and (c) the redemption of the Company s public shares if the Company is unable to complete the Business
Combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO, if the Company extend the period
of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in our final prospectus related to our IPO filed with the SEC
on November 10, 2021 (the Prospectus )), subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become
subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public
stockholders. 

In
connection with the Special Meeting of the Stockholders held on December 21, 2022, the Company provided its public stockholders with
the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares. The stockholders were entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata
portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially approximately 
 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). All of the public shares
contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company s liquidation,
if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the initial Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments
to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

In this Special Meeting of the Stockholders held on
December 21, 2022, an Extension Amendment Proposal and the Trust Amendment Proposal were approved, and as a result, the Company has filed with the state of Delaware an amendment to the Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to provide the Company the right to extend the Combination Period for an additional nine (9) months
or such earlier date as determined by the Board, from February 12, 2023 to November 12, 2023. The purpose of the Extension was to provide
the Company more time to complete a Business Combination, which the Board believes is in the best interests of our stockholders. With
the Extension Proposal approved, neither the Sponsor nor the Company were required to deposit additional funds into the trust account in
connection with the Extension. 

In connection
with the Extension Proposal, stockholders who owned shares of our common stock issued in our IPO (we refer to such stockholders as public
stockholders and such shares as public shares elected to redeem all or a portion of their public shares. Stockholders
who elected to redeem, the redemption for a per-share price, payable in cash, was equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Company s trust account (the Trust Account ), including interest (which interest was net of taxes payable), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares. In connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment and Trust Amendment Proposals,
the holders of 
 shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares
for cash at a redemption price of approximately 
 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately .
Therefore, as of December 21, 2022, there were 
 shares of Class A common stock, par value 
 per share, issued and outstanding. 

The underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee
of per Unit, or in the aggregate as noted in our prospectus, however, the underwriters have issued a letter on November
12, 2022 to the Company that it has reduced the deferred fee to in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the
underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete our initial business combination, subject
to the same terms of the underwriting agreement, which was attached as an exhibit to our registration statement on form S-1 filed with
the SEC in connection with our IPO (File No. 333-260090). 

OMNILIT
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In
accordance with SEC and its guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within
the control of a company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the public
shares will be issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial carrying value of ordinary shares classified
as temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with FASB ASC 470-20. The public shares are subject to FASB
ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete
changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument
will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value
immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting
period. The Company has elected to recognize this change immediately. 

Initial
Business Combination 

The
Company had 15 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO, if the
Company extends the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in the Prospectus) to
consummate the Business Combination (the Combination Period ). Following the approval of the Extension Amendment
Proposal and Trust Amendment Proposal at the 2022 Special Meeting of Stockholders, the Company now has the right to extend the
Combination Period for an additional nine (9) months, or such earlier date as determined by the Board, from February 12, 2023 to
November 12, 2023 Extended Combination Period . However, if the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination
within the Extended Combination Period, the Company will redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the
funds held in the Trust Account, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes obligations and
less up to 
of interest to pay dissolution expenses, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as
further described in this registration statement of which the Prospectus forms a part, and then seek to dissolve and
liquidate. 

The
Sponsor, officers, and directors have agreed: (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares
in connection with the completion of the Business Combination; (ii) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares
and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s certificate of incorporation;
and (iii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company
fails to complete the Business Combination within the Extended Combination Period. 

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality
or similar agreement, or business-combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of: (i)
 per public share; and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the
Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such
liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to
the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, the Company
has not asked its Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether its Sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company.
Therefore, the Company cannot assure that its Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

Liquidity
and Going Concern Consideration 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash on hand of held outside of the Trust Account and available for working capital purposes.
The Sponsor has provided a Commitment Letter to the Company to provide access to of additional working capital, if needed, for
operations prior to a Business Combination. 

The
Company does not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business.
However, if the estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business
Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate our business
prior to a Business Combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete a Business Combination
or because the Company becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares upon consummation of a Business Combination,
in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance
with applicable securities laws, the Company would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of a Business Combination.
If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination because it does not have sufficient funds available, the Company will be
forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following a Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient,
the Company may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet its obligations. 

The
Company is a Special Purpose Acquisition Corporation with a scheduled liquidation date of November 12, 2023. The Company must implement
a resolution by the board as a condition of earlier liquidation date. The Company plans to complete the transaction before the scheduled
liquidation date. In connection with the Special Purpose Acquisition Corporation s assessment of going concern considerations in
accordance with ASC Topic 205-40 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, although the Company intends to consummate a Business
Combination on or before November 12, 2023, management has determined that the mandatory liquidation deadline less than 12 months away,
should a Business Combination not occur, it raises doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after February 12, 2023. 

Based on the foregoing, management believes that the Company will have insufficient
working capital to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. Over
this time period, the Company will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial
Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting
the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business
Combination. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that
the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position and/or search for a target company, the specific impact
is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statement. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In Febraury 2022, The Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military
action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic
sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are
not determinable as of the date of these condensed financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these condensed financial statements. 

OMNILIT
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had not experienced
losses on this account. 

,
consisting of of underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting discount, and of other offering costs
were recorded as a charge in accumulated deficit. The underwriters have issued a letter to the Company on November 12, 2022 that it has reduced the deferred fee to
 in the aggregate. 

OMNILIT
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption
of such public shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection
with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. In accordance with the accounting treatment for redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99,
redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified
outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all Class A ordinary shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares
to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary
shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. At December 31, 2022, the Class A Ordinary
shares reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table: 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants at issuance 
 - 

() 
 
 Redeemable common stock issuance costs 
 - 

() 
 
 NRA issuance cost 

- 

Redemption 

- 

Add 

Accretion of Carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to redemption 

OMNILIT
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

The Company is subject to potential income tax examinations by federal
and state taxing authorities. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income
among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the
total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

excise tax
on public company stock buybacks. The company is assessing the potential impact of the Act. 

The
IR Act imposes a excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchases made by covered corporations after December 31, 2022.
The total taxable value of shares repurchased is reduced by the fair market value of and newly issued shares during the taxable year. Redemption
rights are ubiquitous to nearly all SPACs. Shareholders have the ability to require the SPAC to repurchase their shares prior to the
merger in what is known as a redemption right, essentially getting their money back. There are two possible scenarios in which redemption
rights come into play. First, they can be exercised by the shareholders themselves because they are exiting the transaction, or second,
they can be triggered because the SPAC did not find a target with which to merge. T he
Company will continue to access the potential impact of the IR Act. Based on our preliminary assessment, we do not expect a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

shares of Class A common stock in the aggregate
and were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 because the warrants are contingently exercisable,
and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and the period from May 20, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021. Remeasurement associated with the redeemable
shares of Class A common stock to redemption value is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and the period from May 20, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021, net income (loss) per common
share is as follows: 

Denominator 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

units, including the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriters 
exercise in full of their over-allotment option at an offering price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each
Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole public warrant entitles the holder to
purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. Each public warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days
after the completion of the initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the IPO and will expire five years after the
completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In connection with the Extension
Proposal, stockholders who owned shares of our common stock issued in our IPO (we refer to such stockholders as public stockholders 
and such shares as public shares elected to redeem all or a portion of their public shares. Stockholders who elected to
redeem, the redemption for a per-share price, payable in cash, was equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Company s
trust account (the Trust Account ), including interest (which interest was net of taxes payable), divided by the number of
then outstanding public shares. Therefore, as of December 21, 2022, there were shares of Class A common stock, par value
 per share, issued and outstanding. 

The
underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of ,
or per
Unit, of the gross proceeds of the IPO. Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of
the gross proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination
subject to the terms of the underwriter letter on November 12, 2022. 

Private Placement Warrants at a price
of per Private Placement Warrant, generating total gross proceeds of . A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the
Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. 

The
Private Placement Warrants will be identical to the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants:
(i) may not (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be
transferred, assigned, or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination; and (ii) will be entitled
to registration rights. 

OMNILIT
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

The
Company s Sponsor has agreed: (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to its founder shares and public shares in connection
with the completion of the Business Combination; (ii) to waive its redemption rights with respect to its founder shares and public shares
in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s certificate of incorporation: (A) to modify the
substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of its public shares if the Company does not complete its Business
Combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO, if the Company extends the
period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in the Prospectus); or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business-combination activity; and (iii) to waive its rights to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to its founder shares if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination within
15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate
a business combination, as described in more detail in the Prospectus). In addition, the Company s Sponsor has agreed to vote any
founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately negotiated
transactions) in favor of the Business Combination. 

on our behalf to cover certain expenses (the Advances ).
The Advances were repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering from funds not held in the trust account. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
June 10, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate
principal amount of to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. In July, 2021, was advanced
to the Company in accordance with the terms of the agreement. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of
December 31, 2021, or the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The loan was repaid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering
out of the offering proceeds that has been allocated for the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions). 

Related
Party Loans 

In connection with the Special Meeting of Stockholders held on December,
31 2022, the Extension Proposal was approved, neither the Sponsor nor the Company are required to deposit additional funds into the trust
account in connection with the Extension. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be convertible into private placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 
per warrant (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued warrants if of notes were so converted),
at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside
the Trust account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital
Loans. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, no Working Capital Loans have been made to the Company. The Sponsor has provided a Commitment Letter to the Company to provide access to of additional working capital,
if needed, for operations prior to a Business Combination. 

Founder
Shares 

On
May 20, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of founder shares to our sponsor. On September 27, 2021, our sponsor forfeited
 founder shares for no consideration. On November 1, 2021, the Company effected on our founder
shares and as a result holds founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of in cash, or approximately per
share, in connection with formation. The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell its founder shares until the earlier of:
(i) one year after the date of the consummation of the Business Combination; or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange, or other similar transaction that results in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares
of Class A common stock for cash, securities, or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of the Company s
Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations,
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing 60 days after the Business Combination, the founder
shares will no longer be subject to such transfer restrictions. 

As per 8-K filed on December 15, 2022, nine investors signed non-redemption
agreements for founder shares. 

OMNILIT
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

, or per Unit, of the gross proceeds of
the IPO. An additional fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting
commissions, however, the underwriters have issued a letter on November 12, 2022 to
the Company that it has reduced the deferred fee to in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event
that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Right
of First Refusal 

Subject
to certain conditions, the Company granted Imperial Capital, for a period beginning on the closing of the Initial Public Offering and
ending 12 months after the date of the consummation of the Business Combination, a right of first refusal to provide investment banking
and/or financial advisory services in connection with certain future transaction until the earlier of (x) the date of the consummation
of our initial business combination and (y) 18 months from the closing of the IPO. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6), such right
of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of the registration statement of which the
Prospectus forms a part. 

founder shares. 

Preferred
Stock The Company is authorized to issue a total of shares of preferred stock at par value of each.
At December 31, 2021 and 2022, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue a total of shares of Class A common stock at par value
of each. At December 31,2021 there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding and subject
to possible redemption. At December 31,2022 there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding and subject to possible
redemption. 

Class
B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue a total of shares of Class B common stock at par value of
 each. At December 31,2021 and 2022, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

The
Company s initial stockholder has agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of its founder shares until the earlier of: (i) one
year after the date of the consummation of the Business Combination; or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange, or other similar transaction that results in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares
of Class A common stock for cash, securities, or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and
other agreements of the initial stockholder with respect to any founder shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of
the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations, and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing 60 days after the Business Combination,
the founder shares will no longer be subject to such transfer restrictions. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions
and other agreements of the Company s initial stockholder with respect to any founder shares. 

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of the Company s Class A common stock at the time of its
Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations,
and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked
securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Company s registration statement and related to
the closing of the Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common
stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment
with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of
all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all
shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the IPO plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities
issued or deemed issued in connection with the Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be
issued, to any seller in the Business Combination or any private placement- equivalent units issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates, or
certain of officers and directors upon conversion of working capital loans made to the Company). 

OMNILIT
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

Holders
of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to
a vote of the Company s stockholders, with each share of common stock entitling the holder to one vote. 

Warrants 
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
Public Warrants and 
Private Placement Warrants outstanding respectively. 

Each
whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per
share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. In addition, 

The
warrants will become exercisable on the later of 12 months from the closing of the IPO, or 30 days after the completion of its Business
Combination and will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common
stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus is current. No warrant will be exercisable, and the Company will not
be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant
exercise has been registered, qualified, or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered
holder of the warrants. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement
is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for
the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Placement Warrants): 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three
 business days before the Company send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying such
 warrants. 

If
the Company calls the warrants for redemption as described above, the management will have the option to require any holder that wishes
to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. If the management takes advantage of this option, all holders of
warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing: (A) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference
between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below); by (B) the fair market value. The
 fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending
on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

The
exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances, including
in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend, or the Company s recapitalization, reorganization, merger, or consolidation.
However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

Transfers
to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period. There were no transfers between levels for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

OMNILIT
ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

Level
1 instruments include investments in mutual funds invested in government securities. The Company uses inputs such as actual trade data,
benchmark yields, quoted market prices from dealers or brokers, and other similar sources to determine the fair value of its investments. 

Warrant
Fair Value Measurement 

The
Company established the initial fair value for the warrants on November 9, 2021, the date of the Company s Initial Public Offering,
using a modified Black-Scholes model for the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants and the transaction prices that serve as
a proxy for fair value that were observed on the Balance Sheet date. The Company allocated the proceeds received from (i) the sale of
Units (which is inclusive of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one Public Warrant) and (ii) the sale of Private Placement
Warrants, first to the warrants based on their fair values as determined at initial measurement, with the remaining proceeds recorded
as a charge to accumulated deficit based on their relative fair values recorded at the initial measurement date. The warrants were classified
as Level 3 at the initial measurement date due to the use of unobservable inputs. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term in years 
 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Exercise price 

Fair Value per warrant 

Net operating loss 
 - 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Deferred 

State: 

Current 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 
 
 - 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Change in State Tax Rate 

Net Operating Loss 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Effective Tax Rate 

The Company will file taxes in the U.S. Federal
jurisdiction and Florida. In 2022, the Company paid 
in U.S. Federal Tax and 
in Florida State Tax based on estimates. The amount of 
for Federal Tax and 
for State Tax were recorded as Tax Receivables. 

F- 15 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OMNILIT
 ACQUISITION CORP. 

Dated:
 January 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Al Kapoor 

Name: 
 Al
 Kapoor 

Title: 
 Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Al Kapoor and Robert O. Nelson
II and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for
him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and
to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every
act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do
in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or
substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Al Kapoor 
 
 Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 January 30, 2023 
 
 Al
 Kapoor 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Robert O Nelson II 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 January 30, 2023 
 
 Robert
 O Nelson II 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Skylar M Jacobs 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 January 30, 2023 
 
 Skylar
 M Jacobs 

/s/
 Kent R Weldon 
 
 Director 
 
 January 30, 2023 
 
 Kent
 R Weldon 

/s/
 Mark D Norman 
 
 Director 
 
 January 30, 2023 
 
 Mark
 D Norman 

/s/
 James M Jenkins 
 
 Director 
 
 January 30, 2023 
 
 James
 M Jenkins 

<EX-3.1C>
 2
 ex3-1c.htm

Exhibit
3.1(c) 

AMENDMENT 

 TO
THE 

 AMENDED
AND RESTATED 

 CERTIFICATE
OF INCORPORATION 

 OF 

 OMNILIT
ACQUISITION CORP. 

Pursuant
to Section 242 of the 

 Delaware
General Corporation Law 

OMNILIT
ACQUISITION CORP. (the Corporation ), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware,
does hereby certify as follows: 

1. 
 The name of the Corporation is OmniLit Acquisition Corp.
The Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation was filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May
20, 2021 (the Original Certificate ). An Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed in the office of the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 8, 2021 (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ). 

2. 
 This Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation amends the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation. 

3. 
 This Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation was duly adopted by the affirmative vote of the holders of 65 of the stock entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders
in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). 

4. 
 The text of Section 9.1(c) of Article IX is hereby amended
and restated to read in full as follows: 

(c)
In the event that the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 15 months from the closing of the Offering,
the Board may extend the period of time to consummate an initial Business Combination (an Extension by an
additional 9 months, or such earlier date as determined by the Board, for a total of up to 24 months to consummate an initial Business
Combination, or if it fails to do so, if it fails to do so, cease its operations and redeem or repurchase 100 of the shares of the Company s
common stock issued in the Company s initial offering; provided, that for the Extension there has been compliance with any applicable
procedures relating to the Extension in the trust agreement and in the letter agreement, both of which are described in the Registration
Statement. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , OmniLit Acquisition Corp. has caused this Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate to be duly executed
in its name and on its behalf by an authorized officer as of this 21 st day of December, 2022. 

OMNILIT
 ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 

Name: 
 Al
 Kapoor 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-3.1C>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

As of December 31, 2021, the
end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, OmniLit Acquisition Corp. (the Company, we, 
 us, or our had three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): the Company s units, common stock, and warrants. 

The following description of
the Company s capital stock and provisions of the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, bylaws and
the Delaware General Corporation Law are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Company s amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the text of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Copies of these documents have
been filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description has been filed as an exhibit. 

General 

Pursuant to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value,
20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value.
The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the
information that is important to you. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one share
of Class A common stock and one-half of a redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder to purchase one share of Class
A common stock at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in our IPO prospectus. Commencing on January 24, 2022, the Class
A common stock and warrants comprising the units began separate trading. Accordingly, holders have the option to continue to hold units
or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to
separate the units into shares of Class A common stock and warrants. 

Common Stock 

Common stockholders of record
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A common stock and holders
of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required
by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of
the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required
to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors is divided into 2 classes, each of which will generally
serve for a term of 2 years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to
the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect
all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out
of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into an
initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required to increase the number
of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial business combination,
to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

We will provide our stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise
and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in
the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.20 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors
who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor,
officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.
Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business
combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even
when a vote is not required by law, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business
or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules.
If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or
other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant
to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business
combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination.
A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company
representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. 

However, the participation of
our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately negotiated transactions (as described in our IPO prospectus),
if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or
indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding
shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares
of common stock sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our
stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our
stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business
combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market.
Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the initial
business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose
such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek stockholder approval
in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to the letter agreement our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and
privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders 
founder shares, we would need only 4,791,667, or approximately 33.3 , (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) or only one share (assuming
only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 14,375,000 public shares to be voted in favor of an initial
business combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for
or against the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). 

Pursuant to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our initial
public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination, as described in more detail in our IPO prospectus), we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up;
(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than 10 business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem
the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up
to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our initial
public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination, as described in more detail in our IPO prospectus). However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after
our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares
if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all
assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock,
if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking
fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our
initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are identical
to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units being sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have
the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that: (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions,
as described in more detail below; (ii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to
which they have agreed: (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in
connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder
shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
(1) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public
offering, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in our IPO prospectus); or
(2) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (C) to
waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing
of our initial public offering, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in our
IPO prospectus), although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares
they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period; (iii) the founder shares are shares of our
Class B common stock that will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination,
or at any time prior thereto at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein; and (iv)
are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor,
officers and directors have agreed pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased
during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business
combination. 

The shares of Class B common stock
will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis
(subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and the like), and subject to further adjustment
as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued
in excess of the amounts offered in our IPO prospectus and related to the closing of the initial business combination, the ratio at which
shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of
the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so
that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate,
on an as-converted basis, 25 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of our initial
public offering, plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial
business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business
combination, any private placement-equivalent securities issued to our sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to us). 

We cannot determine at this time
whether a majority of the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment
to the conversion ratio. They may waive such adjustment due to (but not limited to) the following: (i) closing conditions which are part
of the agreement for our initial business combination; (ii) negotiation with Class A stockholders on structuring an initial business combination;
or (iii) negotiation with parties providing financing which would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock. If
such adjustment is not waived, the issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would
reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the issuance would reduce the percentage
ownership of holders of both classes of our common stock. Holders of founder shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B
common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. The term equity-linked
securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common
stock issues in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement
of equity or debt. Securities could be deemed issued for purposes of the conversion rate adjustment if such shares are issuable
upon the conversion or exercise of convertible securities, warrants or similar securities. 

Our initial stockholders have
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the date of the consummation
of our initial business combination; or (ii) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other
property (except as described herein under the section of our IPO prospectus entitled Principal Stockholders Restrictions
on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants ). Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions
and other agreements of our initial stockholders with respect to any founder shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price
of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing 60 days after our initial business
combination, the founder shares will no longer be subject to such transfer restrictions. 

Preferred Stock 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors
is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional, or other special
rights and any qualifications, limitations, and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors
will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting
power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors
to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change of control
of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend
to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Warrants 

Public Stockholders Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the
holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below,
at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The warrants will expire five years after the
completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 pm., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to deliver
any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless
a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective
and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration.
No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless
Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws
of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding
sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such
warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration
statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase
price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon as
practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our reasonable
best efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to our IPO registration statement or a new registration statement covering
the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective, and
to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified
in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is not effective by the 90 th business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until
such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration
statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption.
Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may,
at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration
statement, but we will be required to use our reasonable best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws
to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Once the warrants become exercisable,
we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending 3 business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying such warrants. 

The right to exercise will be
forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date,
a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender
of such warrant. 

We have established the second
to last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant
premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants,
each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A
common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations,
and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If we call the warrants for redemption
as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless
basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management
will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders
of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage
of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class
A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing: (A) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined
below); by (B) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class
A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to
the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary
to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market
value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen
the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the
exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take
advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants
for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had
all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 

A holder of a warrant may notify
us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant,
to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s
actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class
A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If the number of outstanding shares
of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of shares of Class
A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares
of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each whole warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding
shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common
stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to
the product of: (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity
securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock); and (ii) one (1) minus the
quotient of: (A) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering, divided by (B) the fair market value. For these
purposes: (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock, in determining the price
payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional
amount payable upon exercise or conversion; and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A common stock
as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A common
stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any time
while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders
of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants
are convertible), other than: (a) as described above; (b) certain ordinary cash dividends; (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the
holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination; (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the
holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
(1) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Class A common stock if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public
offering, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in our IPO prospectus); or
(2) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (e) in
connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise
price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value
of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding shares
of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Class A
common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification
or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each whole warrant will be decreased in proportion
to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Whenever the number of shares
of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will
be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (A) the numerator of which will
be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and
(B) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In case of any reclassification
or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value
of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than
a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets
or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants
will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and
in lieu of the shares of our Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented
thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification,
reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would
have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. 

The warrants were issued in registered
form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy
of the warrant agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement in connection with our IPO, for a complete
description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may
be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the
holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders of public warrants. 

The warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price
(or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised.
The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting rights until they exercise
their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants,
each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

In addition, if: (A) we issue
additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our
initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates,
without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or its affiliates, prior to such issuance); (B) the aggregate gross
proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of
our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions); and (C) the
Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of
the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and the like) will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

We have agreed that, subject to
applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought
and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we
irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See
 Risk Factors Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated
by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our
company. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private Placement Warrants 

The private placement warrants
(including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) are not be transferable, assignable or salable
until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under the
section of our IPO prospectus entitled Principal Stockholders Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement
Warrants, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor). Except as described below,
the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in
our initial public offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period; provided, however, that the private placement
warrants issued to the underwriters are not exercisable more than five years after the effective date of the registration statement of
which our IPO prospectus forms a part in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A). 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible
into private placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical
to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such working capital
loans by our sponsor or its affiliates, or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist
with respect to such loans. 

In addition, holders of our private
placement warrants are entitled to certain registration rights. 

Our sponsor has agreed not to
transfer, assign or sell any of the private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of any of these
warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except that, among other limited
exceptions as described under the section of our IPO prospectus entitled Principal Stockholders Restrictions on Transfers
of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants made to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with
our sponsor. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions
subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends
may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our common
stock and the warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors,
officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity,
except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the
completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65 of our common
stock. Our initial stockholders will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have
the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among
other things, that: 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in our IPO prospectus), we will: (i) cease all operations, except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than 10 business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to: (i) receive funds from the trust account; or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we maintain our registration under the our Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of this offering, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in our IPO prospectus); or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after
payment of the underwriters fees and commissions. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law
and our Amended and Restated Certificate of incorporation and Bylaws 

We are subject to the provisions
of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances,
from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A business combination 
includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that our board of directors be classified into 2 classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a
person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued common
stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate
purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized
but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of
us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors,
officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State
of Delaware, except any action: (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable
party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery within 10 days following such determination); (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or
forum other than the Court of Chancery; or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action
is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s
counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of law in the types of lawsuits
to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may
have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject
to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty
or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not
apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have
exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would
enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder.
Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty
or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special
meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our
Chairman. 

Advance notice requirements for stockholder
proposals and director nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders
seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to
be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th day
nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual
meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply
with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders 
meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making
nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action by written consent 

Any action required or permitted
to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be
effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common stock. 

Classified Board of Directors 

Our board of directors is divided
into two classes, Class I and Class II, with members of each class serving staggered 2-year terms. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject
to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by
the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy
resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. 

Class B Common Stock Consent Right 

For so long as any shares of Class
B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of
Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change
the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required
or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and
without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding
Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting
at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder shares
(and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the founder shares), private placement warrants (and any shares of
Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the private placement warrants), and securities that may be issued upon conversion of
working capital loans are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the
effective date of our initial public offering, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares,
only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require
us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the demand registration rights granted
to the underwriters in connection with the private placement warrants are not exercisable for longer than five years from the commencement
of sales of our initial public offering in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(C) and the piggyback registration right provided is not
exercisable for longer than seven years from the commencement of sales of our initial public offering in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D).
We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, Class A common stock
and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols OLITU, OLIT and OLITW, respectively. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.2B>
 4
 ex10-2b.htm

Exhibit
10.2(b) 

AMENDMENT 

 TO
THE 

 INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT 

This
Amendment No. 1 (this Amendment ), dated as of December 21, 2022, to the Investment Management Trust Agreement (the Trust
Agreement is made by and between OmniLit Acquisition Corp. (the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company, as trustee Trustee ). All terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Trust
Agreement. 

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Trustee entered into the Trust Agreement on November 8, 2021; 

WHEREAS,
Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement sets forth the terms that govern the liquidation of the Trust Account under the circumstances described
therein; 

WHEREAS,
at a special meeting of the Company held on December 13, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved (i) a proposal to amend the
Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the A R COI to authorize the Company to extend
the date from February 12, 2023 to November 12, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the Board, by which the Company must (a)
consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination, which we refer
to as our initial business combination, or (b) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such
initial business combination, and redeem all of the shares of common stock of the Company included as part of the units sold in the Company s
initial public offering that was consummated on November 12, 2021, and (ii) a proposal to amend the Trust Agreement to authorize the
Extension and its implementation by the Company; and 

NOW
THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED: 

1.
Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

Commence
liquidation of the Trust Account only after and promptly after: (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter from
the Company Termination Letter in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit
A or Exhibit B, as applicable, signed on behalf of the Company by at least two of its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
President, Executive Vice President, Vice President, Secretary or Chairman of the board of directors of the Company (the Board or other authorized officer of the Company, and, in the case of a Termination Letter in a form substantially similar to the attached
hereto as Exhibit A, acknowledged and agreed to by the Representative, and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute
the Property in the Trust Account, including interest not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes (less up to 100,000 of
interest that may be released to the Company to pay dissolution expenses), only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents
referred to therein; or (y) the date which is the later of: (1) 15 months after the closing of the Offering, which may be extended to
24 months after the closing of the Offering, or such earlier date as determined by the Board, pursuant to the Company s Twice Amended
Certificate of Incorporation Twice Amended Charter ); and (2) such later date as may be approved by the Company s
stockholders in accordance with the Twice Amended Charter if a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee prior to such
date, in which case the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached
as Exhibit B and the Property in the Trust Account, including interest not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes (less
up to 100,000 of interest that may be released to the Company to pay dissolution expenses) shall be distributed to the Public Stockholders
of record as of such date; 

3.
All other provisions of the Trust Agreement shall remain unaffected by the terms hereof. 

4.
This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which shall be deemed to be
one and the same instrument, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. A facsimile
signature or electronic signature shall be deemed to be an original signature for purposes of this Amendment. 

5.
This Amendment is intended to be in full compliance with the requirements for an Amendment to the Trust Agreement as required by Section
6(d) of the Trust Agreement, and every defect in fulfilling such requirements for an effective amendment to the Trust Agreement is hereby
ratified, intentionally waived and relinquished by all parties hereto. 

6.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Amendment to the Trust Agreement as of the date first written above. 

CONTINENTAL
STOCK TRANSFER TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee 

By: 

[ ] 

OMNILIT
 ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 

Al Kapoor, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.2B>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Al Kapoor, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of OmniLit Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 30, 2023 

/s/ Al Kapoor 

Al Kapoor 

Chairman Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Robert O. Nelson II, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of OmniLit Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 30, 2023 

/s/ Robert O. Nelson II 

Robert O. Nelson II 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 ex32.htm

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of OmniLit Acquisition
Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: January 30, 2023 

/s/ Al Kapoor 

Al Kapoor 

Chairman Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

Date: January 30, 2023 

/s/ Robert O. Nelson II 

Robert O. Nelson II 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 olitu-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 olitu-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 olitu-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 olitu-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

