<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1412502_0001558370-23-003860.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26755312</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>259186</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2192629</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11100461</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4130055</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8274591</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-003860.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315153932
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-003860
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sterling Real Estate Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001412502
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				900115411
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			ND
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54295
		FILM NUMBER:		23734954

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4340 18TH AVE SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			FARGO
		STATE:			ND
		ZIP:			58103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		701-353-2720

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4340 18TH AVE SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			FARGO
		STATE:			ND
		ZIP:			58103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INREIT Real Estate Investment Trust
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070917

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-003860.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 sret-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number d/b/a Sterling Multifamily Trust (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class: Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered: N/A N/A Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: none Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No There is established public market for the registrant s shares of common stock. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common shares, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class Outstanding at March 14, 2023 Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, 0.01 par value per share Documents Incorporated by Reference: Portions of Sterling s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which Sterling intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of Sterling s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, are incorporated by reference into Part III (Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent described herein. If Sterling does not file its Proxy Statement on or before 120 days after the end of its 2022 fiscal year, Sterling will file the required information in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 Sterling Real Estate Trust INDEX 

PAGE PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 8 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 24 Item 2. Properties 24 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 30 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 30 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 30 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 32 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 33 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 45 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 45 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 45 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 45 Item 9B. Other Information 47 PART III Item 10. Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 47 Item 11. Executive Compensation 47 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 47 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence 47 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 47 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 48 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 48 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Financial Statements 51 Signatures 94 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated into this document by reference contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding our plans and objectives, including, among other things, our future financial condition, anticipated capital expenditures, anticipated dividends and other matters. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as may, will, should, expect, intend, plan, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, predict, potential or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and are not historical facts. Actual events or results may differ materially. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on our current expectations, plans, estimates and beliefs that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Any of the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein could be inaccurate. Although we believe the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we cannot assure readers that the forward-looking statements included in this filing will prove to be accurate. The accompanying information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, without limitation, the information set forth under the section entitled Risk Factors in Item 1A, identifies important additional factors that could materially adversely affect actual results and performance. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of certain unanticipated events or changes to future operating results. PART I All dollar amounts in this Form 10-K are stated in thousands with the exception of share and per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated. ITEM 1. BUSINE SS GENERAL Sterling Real Estate Trust we, us, our, Company, Trust or Sterling is a real estate investment trust REIT ). Sterling was registered in North Dakota as an unincorporated business trust in December 2002. References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, Sterling, Trust, we, us, or our include consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. As a REIT, we are not subject to U.S. federal income taxation as long as we satisfy certain requirements, principally relating to the nature of our income, the level of our dividends and other factors. As of December 31, 2022, we owned directly or through our operating partnership, 185 properties in 12 states. UPREIT Structure The Trust operates as an Umbrella Partnership Real Estate Investment Trust, which is a REIT that holds all or substantially all of its assets through a partnership which the REIT controls as general partner. Therefore, the Trust conducts substantially all investment activities and holds substantially all of the Trust s assets through the operating partnership Sterling Properties, LLLP. The Trust controls the operating partnership as the general partner and owns approximately 36.60 of the operating partnership as of December 31, 2022. For purposes of satisfying the asset and income tests for qualification as a REIT for tax purposes, the proportionate shares of the assets and income of the operating partnership are deemed to be the assets and income of the Trust. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 The UPREIT structure is used to facilitate acquisitions of real estate properties. A sale of property directly to a REIT is generally a taxable transaction to the property seller. However, in an UPREIT structure, if a property seller exchanges the property for limited partnership units, the seller may defer taxation of gain in such exchange until the seller resells its limited partnership units or exchanges its limited partnership units for the REIT s common stock. By offering the ability to defer taxation, the Trust may gain a competitive advantage in acquiring desired properties over other buyers who cannot offer this benefit. In addition, investing in the operating partnership, rather than directly in the Trust, may be more attractive to certain institutional or other investors due to their business or tax structure. If an investor is interested in making a substantial investment in our operating partnership, the structure provides the Trust the flexibility to accommodate different terms for each investment, while applicable tax laws generally restrict a REIT from charging different fee rates among its shareholders. Finally, if the Trust s shares become publicly traded, the former property seller may be able to achieve liquidity for the investment in order to pay taxes. Operating Partnership Sterling Properties, LLLP, was formed as a North Dakota limited liability limited partnership in April 2003 to acquire, own and operate properties on the Trust s behalf. The operating partnership holds a diversified portfolio of multifamily dwellings and commercial properties located principally in the upper and central Midwest United States. Since formation, the Trust s focus has consisted of owning and operating income-producing real estate properties. In 2006, the Trust held 23 total properties approximating 56,265 in total assets, in the operating partnership. Between 2007 and 2022, the Trust focused extensively on strengthening the multifamily component of the portfolio, acquiring properties directly or through UPREIT transactions. A majority of these multifamily properties are located in North Dakota. The portfolio has grown to 185 properties, approximating 888,723 in total assets, and book equity, including noncontrolling interests, of approximately 323,466 as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the portfolio contained approximately 11,300 apartment units and 1,498,000 square feet of leasable commercial space. OUR PEOPLE We do not have any employees. Instead, we rely on our external Advisor to conduct our day-to-day affairs. Advisor to the Trust Sterling Management, LLC, a North Dakota limited liability company formed in November 2002, is the external Advisor to the Trust. The Advisor is responsible for managing our day-to-day affairs and for identifying, acquiring and disposing investments on our behalf. The Advisor is 100 owned by Trustmark Enterprises, Inc., formerly known as Alloy, a North Dakota corporation Trustmark ). Trustmark is owned in part by Kenneth P. Regan, a Trustee and Chief Executive Officer of the Trust, by James S. Wieland, also a Trustee of the Trust, by Joel S. Thomsen, President of the Trust. In addition, Messrs. Regan, Wieland, Thomsen and Gleave serve on the Advisor s Board of Governors. The Advisor s employee base has seen considerable growth, both in number and expertise, since its inception. Audit and Disclosure Committee The Audit and Disclosure Committee was established by the Board of Trustees to assist the Board in fulfilling its fiduciary duties and oversight responsibilities. The Audit and Disclosure Committee assists the Board by overseeing the integrity of the Trust s financial statements, financial reporting and disclosure processes, internal accounting and financial controls and the annual independent audit of the Trust s financial statements. The Audit and Disclosure Committee also oversees the establishment and maintenance of processes to assure the Trust s compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and Trust policy, including compliance with filing requirements under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In performing its work, it is the Audit and Disclosure Committee s responsibility to foster free and open means of communication between the Trustees, the independent auditors and the Trust s financial managers. Our Audit and Disclosure Committee is currently comprised of Trustees Timothy A. Hunt (Chair of the Committee), Ann L. Christenson, Timothy L. Haugen, Michelle L. Korsmo, and Mark T. Polovitz. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Board of Trustees and Executive Officers The Trust operates under the direction of our Board of Trustees, the members of which are accountable to both the Trust and its shareholders. The Trustees are elected annually by our shareholders. In addition, the Board has a duty to supervise our relationship with the Advisor and evaluate the performance of and fees paid to the Advisor on an annual basis. The Advisory Agreement was approved by the Board of Trustees (including all the independent trustees) on March 24, 2022, effective April 1, 2022 until March 31, 2023. The Board of Trustees has provided investment guidance for the Advisor to follow and must approve each investment recommended by the Advisor. Currently, the Advisor has eight members on the Board, six of whom are independent. Although the Trust has executive officers, it does not have any paid employees. The President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and General Counsel and Secretary of the Trust, are also officers, employees, owners, or governors of our Advisor. Among others, such executive officers oversee the Advisor s day-to-day operations with respect to the Trust. However, when doing so, such executive officers are acting on behalf of the Advisor in performing the Advisor s obligations under the Advisory Agreement. Generally, the only services performed by the Trust s executive officers are those required by law or regulation, such as executing documents as required by North Dakota law and providing certifications required by the federal securities laws. Organizational Structure On January 1, 2021, the advisor was acquired by Trustmark Enterprises, Inc. in an equity transfer. The following chart shows the relationship structure with the advisor: 

 (1) As of December 31, 2022, the Advisor was owned 100 by Trustmark Enterprises, Inc. Trustmark was owned in part by the Trust s Chief Executive Officer and Trustee Kenneth P. Regan (36.23 ), by Trustee James S. Wieland (25.15 ), by President Joel S. Thomsen (20.00 ). Messrs. Regan and Thomsen, serve as officers of the Advisor. Messrs. Regan, Wieland, and Thomsen, serve on the Advisor s Board of Governors. (2) Sterling Management, LLC serves as Advisor to both the Trust and the operating partnership. The Advisor does not own any of our shares. Messrs. Regan and Wieland beneficially own approximately 1.43 and 2.76 , respectively, of our shares as of December 31, 2022. (3) The Trust controls the operating partnership as the general partner and owns approximately 36.60 of the operating partnership as of December 31, 2022. Messrs. Regan and Wieland beneficially owned and had voting power over approximately 16.41 and 5.12 , respectively, of the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 CORE INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AND STRATEGY Investment Objectives The Trust s primary investment objectives are to: Acquire quality real estate properties or interests in real estate properties that can provide stable cash flow for distribution to our shareholders, preservation of capital and realization of long-term capital appreciation upon the sale of such properties, Offer an investment option in which the value of the common shares is correlated to real estate as an asset class rather than traditional asset classes such as stocks and bonds; and Provide a hedge against inflation through use of month-to-month rentals or short-term and long-term lease arrangements with rental properties tenants. The Trust may change the investment objectives only with the approval of holders of a majority of the outstanding common shares. Investment Guidance The Board of Trustees has provided investment guidance to the Advisor to direct the investment strategy of the Trust. Changes to the investment guidance must be approved by the Board. The Advisor has been authorized to execute: Commercial and multifamily real estate property acquisitions and dispositions, Investments in other real estate related assets, in each case so long as such investments are approved by our Board, Acquisitions of property or land for the purposes of future development; and Capital investments in the portfolio s current properties through capital improvements. The Board will have ultimate oversight over the Trust s investments and may change from time to time the scope of authority delegated to the Advisor with respect to acquisition and disposition transactions. Investment Strategy Sterling s current investment strategy and focus is on multifamily properties. Our Advisor monitors industry trends and invests in property believed to provide the most favorable return balanced with risk. We attempt to manage our real estate portfolio by evaluating changes or trends in the industries in which our tenants operate, the creditworthiness of our tenants and changes or trends in the area demographics surrounding our properties for evidence that our properties will continue to meet our investment objectives of cash flow, preservation of capital and capital appreciation. There is no current plan for the existing commercial properties (industrial, medical, office and retail) regarding retention, acquisition, or disposition. The Trust will primarily invest in existing or newly developed real estate properties. The Trust may also invest in interests in real estate properties by acquiring direct ownership or ownership interests with other investors, including affiliates of the Advisor, through holding company structures or joint ventures, real estate partnerships, tenant-in-common deals, REITs, or other collective investment vehicles. The Trust may also invest in other real estate property types, including undeveloped land or other development opportunities if the land is acquired for the purpose of producing rental or other operating income in the future. The properties the Trust primarily invests in have existing rent and expense schedules, or the properties are newly constructed with predictable cash flows. Most current acquisitions are in or near metropolitan areas. However, there is no limitation on the geographic areas in which we may acquire targeted investments. The Trust may also acquire portfolios of real estate properties held by individual owners and real estate properties held by funds, including hedge funds. It is anticipated that such property owners will primarily sell the properties in exchange for limited partnership interests of the operating partnership. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 SEGMENT DATA We report our results in two reportable segments: residential and commercial properties. Our residential properties include multifamily. Our commercial properties include retail, office, industrial and medical properties. We assess and measure operating results based on the non-GAAP financial measurement of net operating income NOI ), which we define as total real estate segment revenues less real estate expenses (which consist of real estate taxes, property management fees, utilities, repairs and maintenance, insurance and direct administrative costs). We believe NOI is an important measure of operating performance even though it should not be considered an alternative to net income or cash flow from operating activities. NOI is unaffected by financing, depreciation, amortization, legal and professional fees and certain general and administrative expenses. COMPETITION Our properties are located in highly competitive real estate markets. The number of competitive properties in a particular area could have a material adverse effect on our ability to lease space and the amount of rent we can charge at our properties. We compete with many property owners, such as corporations, limited partnerships, individual owners, other real estate investment trusts, insurance companies and pension funds. Our competition also consists of other owners and developers of multifamily and commercial properties who are trying to attract tenants to their properties. This competition influences our ability to acquire properties and the prices that we may pay for those properties. We believe, however, that the diversity of our investments, the experience and abilities of our management and the quality of our assets affords us some competitive advantages that have in the past, and should in the future, allow us to operate our business successfully despite the competitive nature of our business. Generally, there are multifamily and other similar commercial properties within relatively close proximity to each of our properties. The majority of our retail properties are restaurants and pharmacies. In addition to competitor retail properties with similar business models, we and our tenants face increasing competition from outlet malls, internet shopping websites, discount shopping clubs, catalog companies, direct mail and telemarketing. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS AND GOVERNMENT REGULATION As an owner of real estate, we are subject to various environmental laws, rules and regulations adopted by various governmental bodies or agencies. These laws and regulations generally govern wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the use, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of solid hazardous materials, the remediation of contaminated property associated with the disposal of solid and hazardous materials and other health and safety-related concerns. Under these laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances released at a property and may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage or personal injuries and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred in connection with any contamination. We could be subject to liability in the form of fines or damages for noncompliance with these laws and regulations, and some environmental laws create a lien on a contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on residents, owners, or operators for the costs of investigation or remediation of contaminated properties, regardless of fault or the legality of the original disposal. In addition, the presence of these substances, or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent the property or to use the property as collateral for future borrowing. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretation of existing laws may require material expenditures by us. In addition, we are subject to many other laws and governmental regulations applicable to our properties, and changes in the laws and regulations, or in their interpretation by agencies and the courts, occur frequently. Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the ADA ), all places of public accommodation are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988 (the FHAA requires apartment communities first occupied after March 13, 1991, to be accessible to the handicapped and prohibits housing discrimination based upon familial status. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 The Housing for Older Persons Act HOPA provides age-based discrimination exceptions for housing developments qualifying as housing for older persons. Non-compliance with ADA, FHAA or HOPA could result in the imposition of fines, awards of damages to private litigants, payment of attorneys fees and other costs to plaintiffs, substantial litigation costs and substantial costs of remediation. We believe our properties which are subject to ADA, FHAA and/or HOPA are substantially in compliance with their present requirements. Compliance with these laws, rules, and regulations has not had a material adverse effect on our business, assets, or results of operations, financial condition, or ability to pay dividends. We do not believe our existing portfolio as of December 31, 2022 will require us to incur material expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. However, we cannot assure that future laws, ordinances, or regulations will not impose any material liability, or that the current environmental condition of our properties will not be affected by the operations of tenants, by the existing condition of the land, by operations in the vicinity of the properties, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, or by the activities of unrelated third parties. AVAILABLE INFORMATION We electronically file our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy and information statements and all amendments to these filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The public may read any materials filed by us with the SEC on the internet site maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov . We also maintain an internet site at www.smftrust.com , which includes the reports and other documents we file with the SEC. These reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. This reference to our website is not intended to incorporate information found on the website into this filing. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Sterling Real Estate Trust Our results are dependent on amounts received from the leasing and resale of investments, which are subject to market and economic changes. If income is insufficient to meet our capital needs, our ability to carry out our business plans could be adversely affected. Our purpose is to acquire and hold real estate investments as long-term investments. The primary income that will be generated by us will be the profits, if any, from the operation or holding of the real estate and upon the resale of the investments. If circumstances arise which cause an investment to become undesirable or remain at its current value or decrease in value, we may generate less income than anticipated. Our success is based on continuing to locate and hold suitable real estate investments, and failure of our Advisor to locate additional suitable properties or the unsuccessful operation of our existing real estate investments could adversely affect our operations and our ability to pay dividends. Our ability to achieve our investment objectives and to pay dividends to our shareholders and distributions to unitholders is dependent upon the performance of our Advisor in locating suitable investments and appropriate financing arrangements for us as well as on the successful management of our properties after acquisition. We currently own, through the operating partnership, the properties described under Item 2 Properties. We cannot be sure our Advisor will be successful in locating suitable investments on financially attractive terms, or be certain that operation of the properties will avoid the risks attendant to real estate acquisitions, such as: The risk properties may not perform in accordance with expectations, including projected occupancy and rental rates. The risk we may have underestimated the cost of improvements or repairs required to bring or keep an acquired property up to or at standards established for its intended use or its intended market position. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 We may have to make expedited decisions on whether to invest in certain properties, including prior to receipt of detailed information. We may be required to make expedited decisions in order to effectively compete for the acquisition of desirable properties and other assets. In such cases, our Advisor and Board of Trustees may not have access to detailed information regarding real estate investments at the time of making an investment decision to pay a non-refundable deposit and to proceed with an acquisition. In addition, the actual time period during which our Advisor will be allowed to conduct due diligence may be limited. Therefore, there can be no assurance our Advisor and Board of Trustees will have knowledge of all circumstances that may adversely affect an investment. We may change our investment and operational policies without shareholder consent, and such changes could increase our exposure to additional risks. Generally, the Board of Trustees may change our investment and operational policies, including our policies with respect to investments, acquisitions, growth, operations, indebtedness, capitalization and distributions, at any time without the consent of our shareholders, which could result in our making investments different from, and possibly riskier than investments made in the past. A change in our investment policies may, among other things, increase our exposure to interest rate risk, default risk and commercial real estate market fluctuations, all of which could materially affect our ability to achieve our investment objectives. There can be no assurance dividends or distributions will be paid or increase over time. There are many factors that can affect the availability and timing of cash dividends to our shareholders and distributions to unitholders. Dividends and distributions will be based principally on cash available from our real estate and other investments. The amount of cash available for dividends will be affected by many factors, such as our ability to acquire profitable real estate investments, successfully manage our real estate properties, our operating expenses, and general economic conditions. We can give no assurance we will be able to pay or maintain dividends or distributions or that dividends or distributions will increase over time. Dividends may include a return of capital, and shareholders may be required to recognize capital gain on distributions. Dividends payable to shareholders may include a return of capital. To the extent dividends exceed cash flow from operations, a shareholder s basis in our shares will be reduced and, to the extent dividends exceed a shareholder s basis, the shareholder may recognize capital gain and be required to make tax payments. We depend on certain executive officers and trustees, and the loss of such persons may delay or hinder our ability to carry out our investment strategies. Our future success substantially depends on the active participation of James Wieland, one of our trustees, Kenneth Regan, Chief Executive Officer and a trustee, Joel Thomsen, President, Damon Gleave, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and Barry Schmiess, Chief Investment Officer. Messrs. Wieland, Regan, and Thomsen are also governors and owners of our Advisor. Messrs. Wieland, and Regan, have over 40 years of extensive experience each in the commercial real estate industry, and have been instrumental in setting our strategic direction, operating our business and arranging necessary financing, and through the Advisor, in locating desirable real estate investments and were serving as property manager, managing our properties. Losing the services of Messrs. Wieland, Regan, Thomsen, Gleave, or Schmiess without replacing their position with someone of the same competence and experience, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to successfully carry out our investment strategies and achieve our investment objectives. There can be no guarantee they will remain affiliated with us. See Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest . 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. The result of these incidents may include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation, and damage to our investor relationships. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those provided by Sterling Management and service providers. Our and Sterling Management s processes, procedures and internal controls that are designed to mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions do not guarantee that a cyber incident will not occur or that our financial results, operations, or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. We are not required to comply with certain reporting requirements, including those relating to auditor s attestation reports on the effectiveness of our system of internal control over financial reporting, accounting standards and disclosure about our executive compensation, that apply to other public companies. So long as our shares of common stock are not traded on a securities exchange, we will be deemed to be a non-accelerated filer under the Exchange Act, and as a non-accelerated filer, we will be exempt from compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In addition, so long as we are externally managed by the Advisor and we do not directly compensate our executive officers, or reimburse the Advisor or its affiliates for salaries, bonuses, benefits and severance payments for persons who also serve as one of our executive officers or as an executive officer of the Advisor, we do not have any executive compensation. Many of our costs, such as operating and general and administrative expenses, real estate acquisition, and constructions costs, could be adversely impacted by period of heightened inflation. A sustained or further increase in inflation could have an adverse impact on our operating expenses incurred in connection with, among others, the property-related services such as repairs and maintenance, janitorial, utilities, security and insurance. Our operating expenses may be recoverable through commercial lease arrangements. Risks Related to Our Structure Our shareholders may experience dilution if we or our operating partnership issues additional securities. Our shareholders do not have preemptive rights to any shares issued by us in the future. If we sell or issue additional shares in the future to raise capital, pursuant to a dividend reinvestment plan or in exchange for limited partnership units pursuant to our operating partnership s Limited Liability Limited Partnership Agreement LLLP Agreement ), our shareholders will experience dilution of their equity investment. In addition, if our operating partnership sells additional securities or issues additional securities in connection with a property acquisition transaction, we would, and indirectly our shareholders would, experience dilution in their equity position. Our securityholders have limited control over our operation, and the Board of Trustees has the sole power to appoint and terminate the Advisor. Our Board of Trustees has the authority to determine our major policies, including our policies regarding financing, growth, investment strategies, debt capitalization, REIT qualification, distribution, and to take certain actions including acquiring or disposing of real estate and real estate related investments, dividend declaration and the election or removal of the Advisor. Our securityholders do not have the right to remove the Advisor but have the right to elect and remove trustees. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Under our Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, our trustees may not do the following without the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding common shares of beneficial interest: Amend the Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, except for amendments which do not adversely affect the rights, preference and privileges of shareholders. Sell all or substantially all of our assets other than in the ordinary course of business or in connection with a liquidation and dissolution. Conduct a merger or other reorganization of the trust; or Dissolve or liquidate us. Our shareholders have the right, without the concurrence of the Board of Trustees, to terminate the trust and liquidate our assets or amend the Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust. Shareholders have no role in determining our investments and must rely on our Advisor and oversight by the Board of Trustees. For future acquisitions or dispositions, the Board of Trustees has the authority to approve investment acquisitions or dispositions without shareholder approval. Therefore, shareholders will not be able to evaluate the terms of future investment acquisitions or dispositions, their economic merit or other relevant financial data before we acquire or sell investments. Shareholders must rely entirely on the oversight of our Board of Trustees, the management ability of our Advisor and the performance of the property managers. We may issue securities with more favorable terms than the outstanding shares without shareholder approval. Under our Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, our Board of Trustees has the authority to establish more than one class or series of shares and to fix the relative preferences and rights regarding conversion, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, and terms or conditions of redemption of such different classes or series without shareholder approval. Thus, our Board could authorize the issuance of a class or series of shares with terms and conditions that could have priority as to dividends and amounts payable upon liquidation over the rights of the holders of our outstanding common shares of beneficial interest. Such class or series of shares could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might otherwise provide a premium price to holders of our shares, even if it would be in the best interest of our shareholders. Shareholders could incur current tax liability on dividends they elect to reinvest in our shares, and may have to use separate funds to pay their tax liability. Shareholders that participate in our dividend reinvestment plan will be deemed to have received, and for income tax purposes will be taxed on, the amount reinvested in shares to the extent the amount reinvested was not a tax-free return of capital. In addition, our shareholders will be treated for tax purposes as having received an additional dividend to the extent the shares are purchased at a discount to fair market value. As a result, unless shareholders are a tax-exempt entity, they may have to use funds from other sources to pay their tax liability on the value of the shares received. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 There may be conflicts of interest between us and our shareholders on one side and our operating partnership and its limited partners on the other side. Our trustees and officers have duties to us and our shareholders in connection with their management of us. At the same time, we, as general partner will have duties to our operating partnership and its limited partners in connection with the management of the operating partnership. Our duties as general partner of the operating partnership may come into conflict with the duties of our trustees and officers to us and our shareholders. The LLLP Agreement of our operating partnership expressly limits our liability for monetary damages by providing we will not be liable for losses sustained, liabilities incurred or benefits not derived if we acted in good faith. In addition, our operating partnership is required to indemnify us and our trustees and officers from and against any and all claims arising from operations of our operating partnership, unless it is established: (1) the act or omission was material and committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; (2) the indemnified party received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services; or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the indemnified person had reasonable cause to believe the act or omission was unlawful. The LLLP Agreement also provides that we will not be held responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent appointed by us in good faith. There is no public trading market for our shares, nor do we expect one to develop, which may negatively impact our shareholders ability to sell their shares and the price at which shares may be sold. There is no public market for our shares and there is no assurance one may develop. In addition, the price shareholders may receive for the sale of their shares is likely to be less than the proportionate value of our investments. If our shareholders are able to find a buyer for their shares, they may have to sell them at a substantial discount from the price they purchased the shares. Consequently, shareholders may not be able to liquidate their investments in the event of emergency or for any other reason. Therefore, shareholders should consider our securities as illiquid and a long-term investment and should be prepared to hold their shares for an indefinite period of time. The estimated value of our common stock is based on a number of assumptions and estimates that may not be accurate and is also subject to a number of limitations. The current estimated value of our common stock as of January 1, 2023, is approximately 23.00 per share. The methodology used by our Board to determine this value was based on estimates of the value of our real estate investments, cash and other assets and debt and other liabilities as of a date certain and certain additional information. No formal valuation has been undertaken by us. Our valuation process involves a number of estimates, assumptions and subjective judgments that may not be accurate and complete. Further, different parties using different assumptions and estimates could derive a different estimated value per share, which could be significantly different from our estimated value per share. The estimated value per share may not represent current market values or fair values as determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. A shareholder should not rely on the estimated value per share as being an accurate or precise measure of the then-current value of the shares of our common stock in making a decision to buy or sell shares of our common stock, including whether to reinvest dividends by participating in the dividend reinvestment plan and whether to request redemption pursuant to our share redemption program. Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT and Related Federal Income Tax Matters If we fail to continue to qualify as a REIT, we would incur additional tax liabilities that would adversely affect our operations and our ability to make distributions and could result in a number of other negative consequences. Although our management believes we are organized, have operated, and will be able to continue to be organized and to operate in such a manner to qualify as a real estate investment trust (REIT), as that term is defined under the Internal Revenue Code, we may not have been organized, may not have operated, or may not be able to continue to be organized or to operate in a manner to have qualified or remain qualified as a REIT. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Internal Revenue Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations. Even a technical or inadvertent mistake could endanger our REIT status. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 The determination that we qualify as a REIT requires an ongoing analysis of various factual matters and circumstances, some of which may not be within our control, regarding our organization and ownership, distributions of our income and the nature and diversification of our income and assets. The fact we hold substantially all of our assets through our operating partnership and our ongoing reliance on factual determinations, such as determinations related to the valuation of our assets, further complicates the application of the REIT requirements for us. If we lose our REIT qualification, we will face income tax consequences that will reduce substantially our available cash for dividends and investments for each of the years involved because: We would be subject to federal corporate income taxation on our taxable income, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, and could be subject to increased state and local taxes. We would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to shareholders in computing our taxable income; and Unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified. The increased taxes could reduce the value of the shares as well as cash available for dividends to shareholders and investments in additional assets. In addition, if we fail to continue to qualify as a REIT, we will not be required to pay dividends to shareholders. Our failure to continue to qualify as a REIT also could impair our ability to expand our business and to raise capital. As a REIT, we may be subject to tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow. Even if we continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we may be subject to federal and state taxes on our income or property, including the following: To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which is determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gains) to our shareholders. If we satisfy the distribution requirement but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to corporate income tax on the undistributed income. In such situation, shareholders will be treated as having received the undistributed income and having paid the tax directly, but tax-exempt shareholders, such as charities or qualified pension plans, will receive no benefit from any deemed tax payments. We may be subject to state and local taxes on our income or property, either directly or indirectly, because of the taxation of our operating partnership or of other entities through which we indirectly own our assets. If we have net income from the sale of foreclosure property we hold primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business or other non-qualifying income from foreclosure property, we must pay a tax on that income at the highest corporate income tax rate. If we sell a property, other than foreclosure property, we hold primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, our gain will be subject to the 100 prohibited transaction tax. We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which the distributions we pay in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income, and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 We may be forced to borrow funds on a short-term basis, to sell assets or to issue securities to meet the REIT minimum distribution requirement or for working capital purposes. To qualify as a REIT, in general, we must distribute to our shareholders at least 90 of our net taxable income each year, excluding capital gains. However, we could be required to include earnings in our net taxable income before we actually receive the related cash. If we do not have sufficient cash to pay the necessary dividends to preserve our REIT status for any year or to avoid taxation, we may need to borrow funds, to sell assets or to issue additional securities even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for such actions. In addition, we will require a minimum amount of cash to fund our daily operations. Due to the REIT distribution requirements, we may be forced to make distributions when we otherwise would use the cash to fund our working capital needs. Therefore, we may be forced to borrow funds, to sell assets or to issue additional securities at certain times for our working capital needs. If our operating partnership does not qualify as a partnership, its income may be subject to taxation, and we would no longer qualify as a REIT. The Internal Revenue Code classifies publicly traded partnerships as associations taxable as corporations (rather than as partnerships), unless substantially all of their taxable income consists of specified types of passive income. We structured our operating partnership to be classified as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. However, no assurance can be given the IRS will not challenge our position or will classify our operating partnership as a publicly traded partnership for federal income tax purposes. To minimize this risk, we have placed certain restrictions on the transfer and/or redemption of partnership units in the LLLP Agreement. If the IRS would assert successfully our operating partnership should be treated as a publicly traded partnership and substantially all of the operating partnership s gross income did not consist of the specified types of passive income, the Internal Revenue Code would treat the operating partnership as an association taxable as a corporation. In such event, we would cease to qualify as a REIT. In addition, the imposition of a corporate tax on the operating partnership would reduce the amount of distributions the operating partnership could make to us and, in turn, reduce the amount of cash available to us to pay dividends to our shareholders. We have transfer restrictions on our shares that may limit offers to acquire substantial amounts of the Trust s shares at a premium. To qualify as a REIT, our shares must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons and no more than 50 of the value of our issued and outstanding shares may be owned directly or indirectly by five or fewer individuals. Currently, Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust prohibits transfers of our shares that would result in: (1) our shares being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons, (2) five or fewer individuals, including natural persons, private foundations, specified employee benefit plans and trusts, and charitable trusts, owning more than 50 of our shares, applying broad attribution rules imposed by the federal income tax laws, or (3) before our shares qualify as a class of publicly-offered securities, 25 or more of our shares being owned by ERISA investors. If a shareholder acquires shares in excess of the ownership limits or in violation of the restrictions on transfer, we: May consider the transfer to be void ab initio. May not reflect the transaction on our books. May institute legal action to enjoin the transaction. May redeem such excess shares. Automatically transfer any excess shares to a charitable trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary. If such excess shares are transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary, the charitable trustee shall sell the excess shares and the shareholder will be paid the net proceeds from the sale equal to the lesser of: (1) the price paid by the shareholder or the market price of our shares if no value was paid or (2) the price per share received by the charitable trustee. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 If shares are acquired in violation of the ownership limits or the restrictions on transfer described above: Transferee may lose its power to dispose of the shares; and Transferee may incur a loss from the sale of such shares if the fair market price decreases. These limitations may have the effect of preventing a change of control or takeover of us by a third party, even if the change in control or takeover would be in the best interest of our shareholders. Complying with REIT requirements may restrict our ability to operate in a way to maximize profits. To qualify as a REIT, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our shareholders, and the ownership of our common shares. For example, we may be required to pay dividends to our shareholders at disadvantageous times, including when we do not have readily available funds. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. Complying with REIT requirements may force us to forego or liquidate otherwise attractive investments which could negatively impact shareholder value. To qualify as a REIT, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of our assets must consist of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified real estate assets. The remainder of our investments in securities (other than government securities and qualified real estate assets), in general, cannot include more than 10 of the voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities and qualified real estate assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 25 of the value of our assets may be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. Therefore, we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments or may be forced to forego attractive investments to satisfy these requirements. Such action or inaction could be adverse to our shareholder interests. Gains from asset sales may be subject to a 100 prohibited transaction tax, which tax could reduce the Trust s available assets and reduce shareholder value. We may have to sell assets from time to time to satisfy our REIT distribution requirements and other REIT requirements or for other purposes. The IRS may posit one or more asset sales may be prohibited transactions. If we are deemed to have engaged in a prohibited transaction, our gain from such sale would be subject to a 100 tax. The Internal Revenue Code sets forth a safe harbor for REITs that wish to sell property without risking the imposition of the 100 tax, but we cannot assure you we will be able to qualify for the safe harbor. We will use reasonable efforts to avoid the 100 tax and we do not intend to hold assets in a manner to cause their dispositions to be treated as prohibited transactions, but we cannot assure you the IRS will not challenge our position, especially if we make frequent sales or sales of assets in which we have short holding periods. Payment of a 100 tax would adversely affect our results of operations. Ordinary dividends payable by REITs generally are taxed at the higher ordinary income rate which could reduce the net cash received by shareholders. The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for qualified dividends payable by U.S. corporations to individual U.S. shareholders currently is 20 . In addition, the 3.8 tax on net investment income may apply to such dividends. In general, ordinary dividends payable by REITs to its individual U.S. shareholders, however, are generally not eligible for the reduced rates and generally are taxed at ordinary income rates (for REIT dividends received after December 31, 2017, the maximum individual income tax rate currently is 37 , but the current maximum, effective federal income tax rate as to REIT dividends may be reduced to 29.6 because of a partial deduction that may apply with respect to REIT dividends; in addition, the 3.8 tax on net investment income may apply to REIT dividends). It is also possible tax legislation that has or may be enacted might increase this rate differential. The differing treatment of dividends received from REITs and other corporations might cause individual investors to view an investment in REITs as less attractive related to other corporations which might be detrimental to our ability to raise additional funds through the sale of our common shares. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in legislative or other actions affecting REITs may adversely affect our status as a REIT. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by the legislative process, the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes to tax laws (which changes may apply retroactively) could adversely affect us or our shareholders. Furthermore, new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could change the federal income tax laws with respect to our qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of our qualification. We cannot predict whether, when, in what forms, or with what effective dates, the laws applicable to us or our shareholders may be changed. Our Board of Trustees may revoke our REIT election without shareholder approval, and we would no longer be required to make distributions of our net income. Our Board of Trustees can revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election without the approval of our shareholders if our Board determines it is not in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. In such case, we would become subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income, and we no longer would be required to distribute most of our net income to our shareholders, which may reduce the total return to our shareholders and affect the value of the shares. Risks Related to Tax-Exempt Investors Common shares may not be a suitable investment for tax-exempt investors. There are special considerations that apply to investing in common shares on behalf of a trust, pension, profit sharing or 401(k) plans, health or welfare plans, trusts, individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or Keogh plans. If you are investing the assets of any of the above in common shares, you should satisfy yourself: Your investment is consistent with your fiduciary obligations under applicable law, including common law, ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code. Your investment is made in accordance with the documents and instruments that govern the trust, plan or IRA, including any investment policy. Your investment satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements of Sections 404(a)(1)(B) and 404(a)(1)(C) of ERISA and other applicable provisions of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code. Your investment will not impair the liquidity of the trust, plan or IRA. Your investment will not produce unrelated business taxable income for the trust, plan or IRA. You will be able to value the assets of the trust, plan or IRA annually in accordance with ERISA requirements and applicable provisions of the trust, plan, or IRA; and Your investment will not constitute a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. We have not evaluated, and will not evaluate, whether an investment in us is suitable for any particular trust, plan, or IRA. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Under certain circumstances, tax-exempt shareholders may be subject to unrelated business taxable income, which could adversely affect such shareholders. Neither ordinary nor capital gain distributions with respect to our common shares nor gain from the sale of our common shares, in general, should constitute unrelated business taxable income to tax-exempt shareholders. The following, however, are some exceptions to this rule: Under certain circumstances, part of the income and gain recognized by certain qualified employee pension trusts with respect to our common shares may be treated as unrelated business taxable income if our common shares are held predominately by qualified employee pension trusts (which we do not expect to be the case). Part of the income and gain recognized by a tax-exempt shareholder with respect to common shares would constitute unrelated business taxable income if the tax-exempt shareholder incurs debt to acquire the common shares; and Part or all of the income or gain recognized with respect to our common shares held by social clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations, supplemental unemployment benefit trusts and qualified group legal services plans that are exempt from federal income taxation under Sections 501(c)(7), (9), (17), or (20) of the Internal Revenue Code may be treated as unrelated business taxable income. Therefore, tax-exempt shareholders are not assured all dividends received from the trust will be tax-exempt. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Our Relationship with the Advisor and Its Affiliates We depend on our Advisor for the successful operations of the REIT, and if required, we may not be able to find a suitable replacement advisor. Our ability to achieve our investment objectives is dependent upon the successful performance of our Advisor in locating attractive acquisitions, advising on dispositions of real estate properties and other real estate related assets, advising on any financing arrangements and other administrative tasks to operate our business. If the Advisor suffers or is distracted by adverse financial and operational problems in connection with its operations unrelated to us or for any reason, it may be unable to allocate a sufficient amount of time and resources to our operations. If this occurs, our ability to achieve our investment objectives or pay dividends to our shareholders may be adversely affected. Any adversity experienced by the Advisor or problems in our relationship with the Advisor could also adversely impact the operation of our properties and, consequently, our cash flow and ability to pay dividends to shareholders. Either we or the Advisor can terminate the Advisory Agreement upon 60 days written notice to the other party for any reason, or we can terminate the Advisory Agreement immediately for cause or material breach of the Advisory Agreement. In addition, the Board of Trustees may determine not to renew the Advisory Agreement in any year. If this occurs, we would need to find another advisor to provide us with day-to-day management services or engage employees to provide these services directly to us, which would likely be difficult to do and may be costly. There can be no assurances we would be able to find a suitable replacement advisor or suitable employees or enter into agreements for such services on acceptable terms. The termination or replacement of the Advisor could trigger a default or repayment event under financings. Lenders providing financing for our acquired properties may include provisions in the mortgage loan documentation that state the termination or replacement of the Advisor is an event of default or an event triggering acceleration of the repayment of the loan in full. Even though we will attempt to have such provisions excluded from the loan documents, the lenders may still require them to be included. In addition, the termination or replacement of the Advisor could trigger an event of default under any credit agreement governing a line of credit we may obtain. If an event of default or repayment event occurs with respect to any of our properties, our ability to achieve our investment objectives could be materially adversely affected. The Advisor may not be able to retain its key employees, which could adversely affect our ability to carry out our investment strategies. We depend on the Advisor s key officers, employees and governors. However, none of these individuals have an employment agreement with the Advisor and the loss of any or all of such person s services and the Advisor s inability to find, or any delay in finding, replacements with equivalent skills and experience, could adversely impact our ability to successfully carry out our investment strategies and achieve our investment objectives. Our future success also depends on the Advisor s and its affiliates ability to identify, hire, train and retain highly qualified real estate, managerial, financial, marketing, and technical personnel to provide the services to us pursuant to the Advisory Agreement and any other written services agreement, including any property management agreements. Competition for such personnel is intense, and the Advisor or its affiliates may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain such personnel in the future. The inability to attract and retain the necessary personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate Insufficient geographic diversity of our real estate investments could adversely affect our operating results if economic changes impact real estate markets where we own significant assets. Geographic concentration of our properties may expose us to economic downturns in those areas where our properties are located. A recession in any area where we own several properties or interests in properties could adversely affect our ability to generate or increase operating revenues, locate, and retain financially sound tenants or dispose of unproductive properties. In addition, it could have an adverse impact on our tenant s ability to meet their obligations to us. Likewise, we may be required to lower our rental rates to attract desirable tenants in such an environment. Currently, the majority of our properties are located in North Dakota and Minnesota, and we hold several properties in Fargo, North Dakota and Moorhead, Minnesota. To the extent weak economic or real estate conditions affect North Dakota, Minnesota, or other markets in which we own properties more severely than other areas of the country, our financial performance could be negatively impacted. We may invest in and develop undeveloped real property, which requires us to pay expenses prior to receiving any income on the property. We have the discretion to invest up to 10 of our total assets in undeveloped property. When we invest in undeveloped property, such property does not generate operating revenue while costs are incurred to develop the property and may generate other expenses including property taxes and insurance. In addition, construction and development of such properties may not be completed within budget or as scheduled and projected rental levels may not be achieved. In addition to the risks of real estate investments in general, an investment in undeveloped property is subject to additional risks, including the expense and delay which may be associated with rezoning the land for a higher use and the development and environmental concerns of governmental entities and/or community groups. Therefore, we will not generate income on such property until development is completed and we begin leasing the property. We may acquire multiple properties in a single transaction, which may adversely affect our operations through the inclusion of less desirable investments or financing requirements greater than we would otherwise be willing to incur. Periodically, we may acquire multiple properties in a single transaction. Portfolio acquisitions are more complex and expensive than single property acquisitions, and the risk a multiple property acquisition does not close may be greater than in a single property acquisition. Portfolio acquisitions may also result in us owning investments in geographically dispersed markets, placing additional demands on our ability to manage the properties in the portfolio. In addition, a seller may require a group of properties be purchased as a package even though we may not want to purchase one or more properties in the portfolio. In these situations, if we are unable to identify another person or entity to acquire the unwanted properties, we may be required to operate or attempt to dispose of these properties. To acquire multiple properties in a single transaction we may be required to accumulate a large amount of cash. We would expect the returns we can earn on such cash to be less than the ultimate returns in real property and therefore, accumulating such cash could reduce the funds available for dividends. Any of the foregoing events may increase the risk of adverse business results and negatively affect our results of operations. We may invest in co-ventures, where our co-venture partners, co-tenants or other partners in co-ownership arrangements could take actions that decrease the value of a real estate investment and lower our overall return. We may enter into joint ventures, tenant-in-common investments or other co-ownership arrangements with our Advisor, its affiliates, our trustees, or third parties having investment objectives similar to ours in the acquisition of real estate investments. In such arrangements, we may be acquiring non-controlling interests in or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of the investment. In such event, we would not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority. Investments such as these may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present where another party is not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-investees might become bankrupt or fail to fund their required capital contributions. Co-investees may have economic or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such as a sale, because neither we nor the co-investee would have full control over the joint venture. Disputes between us and co-investees may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our management and the Advisor from focusing their time and effort on our business. Consequently, actions by or disputes with co-investees might result in subjecting additional risk to properties owned by the investment. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our co-investees. Any of these risks could subject us to liabilities in excess of those contemplated and reduce our returns on that investment. We could experience difficulties or delays renewing leases or re-leasing space, which will increase our costs to maintain such properties without receiving income. We derive a significant portion of our net income from rent received from our tenants. Our properties include both residential as well as commercial properties. If a tenant experiences a downturn in its business or other types of financial distress, it may be unable to make timely rental payments. If lease defaults occur, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord. Also, if our tenants decide not to renew their leases, terminate early or default on their lease, we may not be able to re-let the space or may experience delays in finding suitable replacement tenants. Even if tenants decide to renew or lease new space, the terms of renewals or new leases, including the cost of required renovations or concessions to tenants, particularly commercial tenants, may be less favorable to us than current lease terms. As a result, our net income and ability to pay dividends to shareholders could be materially adversely affected. Further, if one of our properties cannot be leased on terms and conditions favorable to us, the property may not be marketable at a suitable price without substantial capital improvements, alterations, or at all. We could face potential adverse effects if a commercial tenant is unable to make timely rental payments, declares bankruptcy or become insolvent. If a tenant experiences a downturn in its business or other types of financial distress, it may be unable to make timely rental payments. Delayed rental payments could adversely affect cash flow available for dividends. If a commercial tenant declares bankruptcy or becomes insolvent, it may adversely affect the income produced by our properties. If a tenant defaults, we may experience delays and incur substantial costs in enforcing our rights as landlord. However, if a tenant files for bankruptcy, we cannot evict the tenant solely because of such bankruptcy. If a court authorizes the commercial tenant to reject and terminate its lease with us, our claim against the tenant for unpaid future rent would be subject to a statutory cap that might be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease. In addition, it is unlikely a bankrupt tenant would pay in full amounts it owes us under a lease. Additionally, we may be required to incur additional costs in the form of tenant improvements and leasing commissions in our efforts to lease the space to a new tenant, as well as lower our rental rates to reflect any decline in market rents. This shortfall could adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations. Investments in real estate are illiquid, and we may not be able to resell a property on terms favorable to us. We intend to hold real estate properties until such time as our Advisor determines a sale or other disposition appears to be advantageous or when our shareholders approve our termination and liquidation. Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, it could be difficult for us to promptly sell one or more of our real estate properties on favorable terms. This may be a result of economic conditions, availability of financing, interest rates and other factors beyond our control. This may limit our ability to change our portfolio promptly in response to adverse changes in the performance of any such property or economic or market trends. We cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a property. Real estate investments by their nature are often difficult or time consuming to liquidate. In addition, federal tax laws imposing a 100 excise tax on gains from sales of certain types of property sales by a REIT (generally, property viewed as being purchased for resale, rather than investment) could limit our ability to sell properties and may affect our ability to sell properties without adversely affecting returns to our shareholders. These restrictions could adversely affect our ability to achieve our investment objectives. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Valuations and appraisals of our investments may not necessarily correspond to realizable value. We value our real estate properties initially at cost, which we expect to represent fair value at that time. After acquisition, valuations may include appraisals of our properties periodically. The valuation methodologies used to value our real estate properties will involve subjective judgments regarding such factors as comparable sales, rental and operating expense data, the capitalization and/or discount rate and projections of future rent and expenses based on appropriate analysis. Although we believe our valuation procedures are designed to determine the accurate fair value of our assets, appraisals and valuations of our real estate properties and other investments assets will be only estimates of fair value and therefore may not correspond to realizable value upon a sale of those assets. Uninsured losses related to real estate investments may adversely affect our results of operation. We purchase, and we may be required by lenders of mortgage loans or other financings to obtain, certain insurance coverage on our real estate investments. Either the property manager or the Advisor selects policy specifications and insured limits which it believes to be appropriate and adequate given the risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and industry practice. The nature of the tenants at the properties we hold may expose us and our operations to an increase in liability for personal injuries or other losses. There can be no assurance that such insurance will be sufficient to cover potential liabilities. Some of our policies may be subject to limitations involving large deductibles or co-payments and policy limits which may not be sufficient to cover losses. Furthermore, insurance against certain risks, such as terrorism, flood, and toxic mold, may be unavailable or available at commercially unreasonable rates or in amounts less than the full market value or replacement cost of the properties. There can be no assurance particular risks that are currently insurable, will continue to be insurable on an economical basis or current levels of coverage will continue to be available. If a loss occurs that is partially or completely uninsured, we may lose all or part of our investment in a property as well as the anticipated future cash flows from such properties. In addition, if the damaged properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we would continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these properties were irreparably damaged. We may also be liable for any uninsured or underinsured personal injury, death, or property damage claims, which could result in decreased dividends to shareholders. We may acquire a property or properties AS IS, which increases the risk of an investment that requires us to remedy defects or costs without recourse to the prior owner. We may acquire real estate properties as is with only limited representations and warranties from the property seller regarding matters affecting the condition, use and ownership of the property. As a result, if defects in the property (including any building on the property) or other matters adversely affecting the property are discovered, we may not be able to pursue a claim for any or all damage against the property seller. Such a situation could negatively affect our results of operations. We rely on affiliated and outside property managers to properly manage and lease our properties. The Advisor and an affiliate of the Advisor serve as our principal property managers, and the Advisor has hired and intends to hire other affiliates and/or third parties to serve as additional property managers, to manage our properties and act as leasing agents to lease vacancies in our real estate properties. These property managers will have significant decision-making authority with respect to the management of our properties. Our ability to direct and control how our properties are managed may be limited. We will not, and the Advisor will not as to its affiliates and third-party property managers, supervise any of the property managers or any of their respective personnel on a day-to-day basis. Thus, the success of our business may depend in large part on the ability of our property managers to manage the day-to-day operations and their ability to lease vacancies in our properties. Any adversity experienced by our property managers could adversely impact the operation and profitability of our properties and, consequently, our ability to achieve our investment objectives. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related with Our Indebtedness and Financing Market conditions could adversely affect our ability to obtain financing. As a REIT, we are required to distribute at least 90 of our taxable income (excluding net capital gains) to our shareholders in each taxable year, and thus our ability to retain internally generated cash is limited. Accordingly, our ability to acquire properties or to make capital improvements to or remodel properties can depend on our ability to obtain debt or equity financing from third parties or the sellers of properties or to sell other properties. Market fluctuations and disruptions in the credit markets could significantly affect our ability to access capital. Reductions in our available borrowing capacity, or inability to establish a credit facility when required or when business conditions warrant, could then limit the number, size and quality of properties we could acquire or the amount of improvements we could make on acquired properties, which could materially affect our ability to achieve our investment objectives and may result in price or value decreases of our real estate assets. Derivatives and hedging activity could adversely affect cash flow. In the normal course of business, we use derivatives to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility on debt instruments, including hedging for future debt issuances. At other times we may utilize derivatives to decrease our exposure to floating interest rates. There can be no assurance that these hedging arrangements will have the desired beneficial impact. These arrangements, which can include a number of counterparties, may expose us to additional risks, including failure of any of our counterparties to perform under these contracts, and may involve extensive costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs, if we terminate them. No strategy can completely insulate us from the risks associated with interest rate volatility. The phase out of LIBOR and transition to SOFR as a benchmark interest rate could have adverse effects. In 2018, the Alternative Reference Rate Committee identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the alternative to LIBOR. SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities, published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. By the end of 2023, it is expected that no new contracts will reference LIBOR and will instead use SOFR. Due to the broad use of LIBOR as a reference rate, all financial market participants, including the Company, are impacted by the risks associated with this transition and therefore it could adversely affect our operations and cash flows. We could face difficulties in refinancing loans involving balloon payment obligations. Some of our mortgage loans require us to make a lump-sum or balloon payment at maturity. Our ability to make a balloon payment at maturity could be uncertain and may depend upon our ability to obtain additional financing, to refinance the debt or our ability to sell the particular property. If we try and refinance the debt, we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as the original loan. Based on current market interest rates, the interest rate obtained upon refinancing in subsequent years may be higher than the original loan. If we are not able to refinance the debt, or obtain acceptable terms, we may be required to sell the mortgaged property at a time which may not permit realization of the maximum return on such property. The effect of a refinancing or sale could affect the rate of return to shareholders and the projected time of disposition of our assets. Lenders may require restrictive covenants relating to our operations, which may adversely affect our flexibility and our ability to achieve our investment objectives. Mortgage loans obtained by us could impose restrictions that affect our distribution and operating policies, our ability to incur additional debt and our ability to resell interests in the property. Loan documents may contain covenants that limit our ability to further mortgage the property, discontinue insurance coverage, replace the Advisor or the property manager, or terminate certain operating or lease agreements related to the property. Such restrictions may limit our ability to achieve our investment objectives. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Increases in interest rates on variable rate debt incurred and new financings by us will reduce cash available for dividends. Increases in interest rates on any variable rate debt incurred or new financings would increase our interest costs, which could reduce our cash flows and our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. In addition, if we need to repay existing debt during periods of rising interest rates, we could be required to liquidate one or more of our investments in properties at times which may not permit realization of the maximum return on such investments. Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge liabilities through tax-efficient means, which may adversely affect our results of operations. We have entered into a number of hedging transactions and may enter into additional such transactions. Hedging transactions could take a variety of forms, including interest rate swaps or cap agreements, options, futures contracts, forward rate agreements, or similar financial instruments. The REIT provisions of the Code substantially limit our ability to hedge liabilities. Because we conduct substantially all of our operations through our operating partnership, any income from a hedging transaction entered into to manage risk of interest rate changes with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets will not constitute gross income to us for purposes of the 75 or 95 gross income test. As a result, we may be required to limit the operating partnership s use of advantageous hedging techniques or to implement hedges through certain taxable corporations. This could increase the costs and risks of hedging activities. We intend to structure any hedging transaction in a manner that does not jeopardize our ability to qualify as a REIT. Risks Related to Other Investments Investments in other real estate related investments could involve higher risks than investment in real estate properties, which could adversely affect our operations and ability to make dividend payments. We are permitted to invest in other real estate assets. We can invest in real estate equity, debt, and derivative securities. These assets can be quite risky, illiquid, and volatile and the value of these assets could cause the value of our shares to fluctuate and could result in losses that materially adversely affect our results of operations. Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest We are subject to several conflicts of interest arising out of our relationships with our affiliates, including our Advisor and its affiliates. There are conflicts of interest in our relationship with the Advisor and its affiliates and several trustees, which could adversely affect our operations and business operations. We are subject to potential conflicts of interest arising out of our relationships with the Advisor, its affiliates, and certain trustees. Conflicts of interest may arise among a trustee or the Advisor and its respective affiliates, on the one hand, and us and our shareholders, on the other hand. As a result of these conflicts, the trustee or Advisor may favor its own interests or the interests of its affiliates over the interest of our shareholders or operating partnership. Division of Loyalty/Allocation of time and effort Several of our officers and/or trustees serve as officers, governors, and owners of one or more entities (certain of which are affiliated with our Advisor or trustees), property managers, tenants of our properties, brokerage companies and other real estate entities owning real estate investments. As a result, these individuals owe duties to these other entities and their investors, which may conflict with the duties that they owe to us and our shareholders. Their loyalties to these other entities and investors could result in action or inaction detrimental to our business or result in conflicts relating to the allocation of their time and services, which could harm implementation of our business strategy and investment and leasing opportunities. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Allocation of investment opportunities The Advisor and its affiliates are or may become committed to the management of other business ventures. Accordingly, there may be conflicts of interest between our investments and other investments or business ventures in which the Advisor and its affiliates are participants. In addition, the Advisor and its officers will advise other investment programs that invest in commercial real estate properties and real estate related assets in which we may be interested. Therefore, the Advisor could face conflicts of interest in allocating and determining which programs will have the opportunity to acquire and participate in such investments as they become available. As a result, other investment programs advised by the Advisor may compete with us with respect to investors and certain investments we may want to acquire. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES General Our policy is to acquire assets with an intention to hold these assets as long-term investments seeking income and capital appreciation through an increase in value of our real estate portfolio, as well as increased revenue as a result of higher rent. These types of investments are the core of our strategy of creating shareholder value. We currently own and maintain a portfolio of real estate diversified by geographical location and by type and size. The majority of our real estate investments are managed by a third party. Property management firms usually receive between 2 and 5 of gross rent collection for their services. Substantially all of our commercial revenues consist of base rents received under leases having terms ranging from month-to-month to over 25 years. More than half of our existing commercial property leases as of December 31, 2022 contain step up rental clauses providing for annual increases in the base rental payments of approximately 1.0 to 3.0 each year during the term of the lease. Properties As of December 31, 2022, we owned 185 properties located in 12 states, containing approximately 11,300 apartment units and 1,498,000 square feet of leasable commercial space . The residential and commercial portfolio of properties includes a diversified mixture of multifamily, single, and multi-tenant retail and office buildings as well as industrial and medical facility properties. The majority of the properties are located in the largest cities in the states of North Dakota and Minnesota. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 78.8 (based on cost) of the properties were apartment communities. Most multifamily dwelling properties are leased to a variety of tenants under short-term leases of less than a year. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 21.2 (based on cost) of the properties were comprised of industrial, office, retail and medical commercial properties. Most commercial properties are leased to a variety of tenants under long-term leases. The following information applies to all of our operating properties: We believe all of our properties are adequately covered by insurance and suitable for their intended purposes. Our properties are located in markets where we are subject to competition in attracting new tenants and retaining current tenants; and Depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the buildings. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 The below table sets forth certain information regarding each of our properties owned, including unconsolidated affiliates, as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except units or leasable sq. ft.). 

# of Physical Units or Occupancy Year Leasable Total at December Property Location Acquired Sq. Ft Investment 31, 2022 Bluemont Lakes Financial Center Fargo, ND 2004 31,750 5,255 81.17 Amberwood Grand Forks, ND 2016 96 4,147 94.67 Applebee s Neighborhood Bar Grill Coon Rapids, MN 2010 5,576 2,442 100.00 Arbor Bismarck, ND 2013 12 696 98.49 Arbor II Bismarck, ND 2013 12 700 96.52 Arbor III Bismarck, ND 2013 12 696 97.80 Ashbury Fargo, ND 2013 2016 61 4,139 99.52 Auburn II Fargo, ND 2007 24 1,111 98.45 Autumn Ridge Grand Forks, ND 2004 144 10,418 95.50 Barrett Arms Crookston, MN 2014 24 1,281 94.35 Bayview Fargo, ND 2007 100 6,083 92.18 Bell Plaza (FKA Northland Plaza) Bloomington, MN 2015 299,660 51,421 65.57 Belmont Bismarck, ND 2020 26 1,601 88.55 Berkshire Fargo, ND 2008 12 525 97.96 Betty Ann Fargo, ND 2009 24 1,012 97.58 Biolife Plasma Center Bismarck, ND 2008 11,671 2,881 100.00 Biolife Plasma Center Grand Forks, ND 2008 13,190 2,944 100.00 Biolife Plasma Center Janesville, WI 2008 12,225 2,388 100.00 Biolife Plasma Center Mankato, MN 2008 13,181 4,149 100.00 Biolife Plasma Center Marquette, MI 2008 11,737 3,215 100.00 Biolife Plasma Center Onalaska, WI 2008 12,180 2,531 100.00 Biolife Plasma Center Oshkosh, WI 2008 12,191 2,297 100.00 Biolife Plasma Center Sheboygan, WI 2008 13,230 2,654 100.00 Biolife Plasma Center Stevens Point, WI 2008 13,190 2,595 100.00 Birchwood I Fargo, ND 2017 12 468 98.78 Birchwood II Fargo, ND 2017 54 2,881 96.96 Bradbury Bismarck, ND 2018 96 6,093 93.48 Briar Pointe Fargo, ND 2021 30 1,935 97.61 Bridgeport Fargo, ND 2016 120 8,420 98.71 Bristol Park Grand Forks, ND 2016 80 5,837 92.84 Brookfield Fargo, ND 2008 72 2,680 95.90 Brownstone Fargo, ND 2021 72 4,390 96.91 Cambridge (FKA 44th Street) Fargo, ND 2013 42 2,558 99.37 Candlelight Fargo, ND 2012 66 2,214 93.73 Carling Manor Grand Forks, ND 2008 12 838 95.34 Carlton Place Fargo, ND 2008 213 9,072 93.54 Carr Fargo, ND 2017 18 874 99.13 Cedars 4 Fargo, ND 2018 18 1,245 97.23 Chandler 1802 Grand Forks, ND 2014 24 1,434 96.12 Chandler 1834 Grand Forks, ND 2018 12 710 91.43 Chandler 1866 Grand Forks, ND 2005 12 384 98.71 Chandler 1898 Grand Forks, ND 2022 12 512 100.00 Cherry Creek (FKA Village) Grand Forks, ND 2008 35 2,008 96.95 Cityside Fargo, ND 2018 36 1,396 89.43 Columbia Park Village Grand Forks, ND 2020 12 648 91.03 Columbia West Grand Forks, ND 2008 70 4,487 93.12 Country Club Fargo, ND 2011 40 1,843 95.04 Countryside Fargo, ND 2011 24 951 97.20 Courtyard St. Louis Park, MN 2013 151 9,252 93.37 Dairy Queen Dickinson, ND 2012 2,811 1,331 100.00 Dairy Queen Moorhead, MN 2011 2,712 1,186 100.00 Dairy Queen Apple Valley, MN 2018 5,348 1,673 - Dakota Manor Fargo, ND 2014 54 2,865 96.57 Danbury Fargo, ND 2007 135 7,547 94.53 Dellwood Estates Anoka, MN 2013 132 12,320 97.50 Deer Park Hutchinson, MN 2022 138 15,091 95.99 Desoto Estates Grand Forks, ND 2022 68 6,111 98.06 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Desoto Townhomes Grand Forks, ND 2022 24 3,338 95.85 Diamond Bend Mandan, ND 2022 78 10,971 92.53 Eagle Run West Fargo, ND 2010 144 7,067 96.38 Eagle Sky I Bismarck, ND 2016 20 1,604 96.23 Eagle Sky II Bismarck, ND 2016 20 1,680 94.72 East Bridge Fargo, ND 2017 58 6,490 96.18 Eastbrook Bismarck, ND 2020 24 1,381 87.84 Echo Manor Hutchinson, MN 2014 30 1,198 99.04 Eide Bailly Building Fargo, ND 2007 74,646 9,331 100.00 Emerald Court Fargo, ND 2008 24 1,144 98.00 Essex Fargo, ND 2017 18 928 87.97 Evergreen Terrace Omaha, NE 2020 144 8,798 95.30 Fairview Bismarck, ND 2008 84 5,467 95.34 Family Dollar Store Mandan, ND 2010 9,100 874 100.00 First International Bank Trust Moorhead, MN 2011 3,510 1,037 100.00 Flagstone Fargo, ND 2021 120 7,792 97.00 Flickertail Fargo, ND 2008 180 8,151 92.73 Forest Avenue Fargo, ND 2013 20 815 99.19 Four Points Office Building Fargo, ND 2007 12,383 1,494 100.00 Foxtail Creek Townhomes Fargo, ND 2020 30 1,488 96.21 Galleria III Fargo, ND 2010 18 1,144 93.18 Garden Grove Bismarck, ND 2016 95 7,274 92.78 Gate City Bank Grand Forks, ND 2008 17,406 2,200 100.00 Georgetown Fridley, MN 2014 468 33,586 89.63 Glen Pond Eagan, MN 2011 528 44,377 95.38 Goldmark Office Park Fargo, ND 2007 124,613 23,692 100.00 Grand Forks Marketplace Grand Forks, ND 2003 182,522 26,710 78.04 Granger Court Fargo, ND 2013 59 2,841 96.07 Great American Insurance Building Fargo, ND 2005 15,000 2,360 100.00 Guardian Building Products Fargo, ND 2012 100,600 3,760 100.00 Hannifin Bismarck, ND 2013 14 789 93.51 Harrison Richfield Grand Forks, ND 2007 140 7,915 94.13 Hartford Fargo, ND 2018 30 1,426 92.51 Hawn Fargo, ND 2020 48 2,557 97.89 Highland Meadows Bismarck, ND 2011 144 10,629 96.92 Hunter s Run I Fargo, ND 2007 12 483 97.71 Hunter s Run II Fargo, ND 2008 12 518 95.04 Huntington Fargo, ND 2015 10 439 99.18 Islander Fargo, ND 2011 24 1,407 96.76 Jadestone Fargo, ND 2017 18 898 83.60 Kennedy Fargo, ND 2013 12 813 99.62 Library Lane Grand Forks, ND 2007 60 3,003 91.22 Madison (FKA Columbine) Grand Forks, ND 2015 12 740 95.54 Maple Ridge Omaha, NE 2008 174 10,822 96.57 Maplewood Maplewood, MN 2014 240 17,626 94.12 Maplewood Bend Fargo, ND 2009 and 2010 183 7,637 96.69 Martha Alice Fargo, ND 2009 24 1,055 97.03 Mayfair (FKA Colony Manor) Grand Forks, ND 2008 24 1,319 91.99 Midtown Plaza Minot, ND 2004 17,808 1,345 77.48 Monticello Fargo, ND 2013 18 989 97.25 Montreal Courts Little Canada, MN 2013 444 30,686 94.51 Morningside Fargo, ND 2018 17 803 98.40 Newgate Bismarck, ND 2022 46 2,473 89.52 Oak Court Fargo, ND 2008 81 3,118 96.48 Oakview Townhomes (FKA Arrowhead) Grand Forks, ND 2017 82 6,004 97.75 O Reilly Auto Store Mandan, ND 2010 6,300 706 100.00 Oxford Fargo, ND 2021 144 10,219 97.54 Pacific Park I Fargo, ND 2013 30 1,064 95.51 Pacific Park II Fargo, ND 2013 39 1,182 94.54 Pacific South Fargo, ND 2013 15 607 96.37 Park Circle Fargo, ND 2017 18 937 99.56 Parkview Arms Bismarck, ND 2015 62 4,850 92.80 Parkway Office (FKA Echelon Building) Fargo, ND 2006 17,000 1,954 100.00 Parkwest Gardens West Fargo, ND 2014 142 8,292 96.10 Parkwood Fargo, ND 2008 40 1,462 97.77 Pebble Creek Bismarck, ND 2008 70 3,396 95.86 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Pinehurst Fargo, ND 2021 210 14,982 95.31 Plumtree Fargo, ND 2017 18 939 99.76 Prairiewood Court I II Fargo, ND 2006 and 2007 60 2,434 90.98 Prairiewood Meadows Fargo, ND 2012 88 5,290 93.30 Prose Fort Worth, TX 2022 270 55,690 75.19 Quail Creek Springfield, MO 2015 164 11,236 95.51 Redpath White Bear Lake, MN 2016 25,817 4,017 100.00 Robinwood Coon Rapids, MN 2014 120 8,399 93.70 Rosedale Estates Roseville, MN 2014 360 26,637 90.13 Rosegate Fargo, ND 2008 90 3,608 94.55 Rosser Bismarck, ND 2020 24 1,468 95.21 Roughrider Grand Forks, ND 2016 12 699 92.64 Saddlebrook West Fargo, ND 2008 60 1,804 97.04 Sage Park (FKA Brighton Village) New Brighton, MN 2014 240 17,840 94.88 Sargent Fargo, ND 2017 36 1,734 94.51 Schrock Fargo, ND 2013 18 811 98.63 SE Maple Grove, LLC Maple Grove, MN 2021 161 32,079 59.28 SE Savage, LLC Savage, MN 2021 190 36,794 94.32 Sheridan Pointe Fargo, ND 2013 48 2,945 94.96 Sierra Ridge Bismarck, ND 2006 and 2011 136 11,165 97.83 Somerset Fargo, ND 2008 75 4,027 96.32 Southgate Fargo, ND 2007 162 6,581 98.26 Southview III Grand Forks, ND 2011 18 776 89.31 Southview Village Fargo, ND 2007 72 3,648 97.62 Spring Fargo, ND 2013 25 1,053 98.80 Stanford Court Grand Forks, ND 2013 96 4,864 90.35 Stonefield Bismarck, ND 2014 192 30,096 97.87 Stony Brook Omaha, NE 2009 148 11,599 95.45 Summerfield Fargo, ND 2015 18 862 97.58 Summit Point Fargo, ND 2015 87 7,005 97.86 Sunchase Fargo, ND 2017 36 1,878 98.01 Sunset Ridge Bismarck, ND 2008 and 2010 180 12,471 96.59 Sunview Grand Forks, ND 2008 36 2,073 95.77 Sunwood Estates Fargo, ND 2007 80 4,452 92.81 Thunder Creek Fargo, ND 2018 57 5,391 94.37 Titan Machinery Bismarck, ND 2015 22,293 3,448 100.00 Titan Machinery Dickinson, ND 2012 17,760 1,790 100.00 Titan Machinery Fargo, ND 2012 29,800 3,336 100.00 Titan Machinery Marshall, MN 2011 67,600 5,081 100.00 Titan Machinery Minot, ND 2012 23,690 2,630 100.00 Titan Machinery North Platte, NE 2016 18,910 1,769 100.00 Titan Machinery Sioux City, IA 2013 36,332 4,567 100.00 Trustmark Fargo, ND 2020 45,755 13,425 100.00 Twin Oaks Hutchinson, MN 2014 80 4,470 97.75 Twin Parks Fargo, ND 2008 66 2,596 98.76 Valley Homes Duplexes Grand Forks, ND 2015 24 2,572 93.45 Valley View Golden Valley, MN 2014 72 7,820 98.99 Village Park Fargo, ND 2008 60 2,416 98.82 Village West Fargo, ND 2008 80 2,987 95.82 Walgreens Alexandria, LA 2009 14,560 4,296 100.00 Walgreens Batesville, AR 2009 14,820 7,616 100.00 Walgreens Denver, CO 2011 13,390 5,210 100.00 Walgreens Fayetteville, AR 2009 14,550 5,810 100.00 Walgreens Laurel, MS 2010 14,820 4,542 100.00 Washington Grand Forks, ND 2016 17 745 94.30 Wells Fargo Building Duluth, MN 2007 95,961 10,801 55.24 West Oak Fargo, ND 2017 18 869 97.94 Westcourt Fargo, ND 2014 64 3,710 93.43 Westside Hawley, MN 2010 14 544 90.67 Westwind Fargo, ND 2008 18 633 91.87 Westwood Estates Fargo, ND 2008 200 8,277 93.58 Willow Park Fargo, ND 2008 102 6,767 94.94 Wolf Creek Fargo, ND 2020 54 5,364 99.18 Woodland Pines (FKA Fredericksburg) Omaha, NE 2018 173 13,250 95.21 70.00 ownership interest 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 66.67 ownership interest 50.00 ownership interest 60 ownership interest Geography Of our 185 properties, 142 are located in North Dakota, with 89 being located in the greater Fargo, North Dakota and Moorhead, Minnesota metropolitan statistical area. The North Dakota region generated approximately 51.9 of our rental revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. The following table presents the total real estate investment amount by state and annual rental revenue by state, as of the year ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands): Real Estate Rental State Investment Revenue North Dakota 510,127 52.5 70,132 51.9 Minnesota 305,463 34.6 51,314 38.0 Other 155,558 16.0 13,614 10.1 971,148 103.1 135,060 100.0 Economy The North Dakota workforce is concentrated in agricultural, energy, information technology, aerospace sciences and medical sciences. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the 2022 estimated combined population of the Fargo, West Fargo and Moorhead metro area was 210,903 people. The following chart depicts the difference in unemployment rates between North Dakota and the national average for 2022: Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec National (1) 4.0 3.8 3.6 3.6 3.6 3.6 3.5 3.7 3.5 3.7 3.6 3.5 North Dakota (1) 3.1 2.9 2.9 2.8 2.6 2.5 2.3 2.3 2.2 2.3 2.3 2.3 

 (1) Seasonally adjusted Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics Acquisitions and Dispositions We had eight acquisitions and five dispositions of property during the year ended December 31, 2022. We had five acquisitions and two dispositions of property during the year ended December 31, 2021. We had nine acquisitions and three dispositions of property during the year ended December 31, 2020. Capitalization rates are a key decision-making item used by the Board. In making acquisitions, the Board currently targets capitalization rates between 6.0 to 10.0 , depending on the amount of risk involved. For those properties with greater risk, the Board targets greater capitalization rates (9.0 or greater). For those properties exhibiting less risk, a lower capitalization risk is acceptable. For potential acquisitions, the Board also requires an adequate spread between the financing on the property and the capitalization rate. Capitalization rates for acquisitions are calculated using projected net operating income divided by the investment. Net operating income is calculated by taking GAAP net income and adding back depreciation, amortization, and interest expense. Capitalization rates for dispositions are calculated in the same way with the exception of using historical, rather than projected, net operating income. The market has seen an increase in investors, driving up overall acquisition prices, thus lowering capitalization rates below the target thresholds set by the Board. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 We use historical occupancy, rental income, and expenses to calculate projected net operating income for potential real estate investments. For residential properties, we make various assumptions about future rents, occupancy levels, and expenses based on historical financial information and our assessment of the property s future potential. The projected NOI for residential acquisitions is typically based on historical occupancy and expenses over a three-to-five year period. When historical information is unavailable, market vacancy and credit loss factors are estimated. For commercial and residential properties, assumptions regarding rental income and expenses are based on the terms of the in-place leases and available historical financial information which is then used to generate projected net operating income. Numerous estimates and assumptions are necessary to generate projected net operating income for potential commercial and residential acquisitions, and there is no guarantee actual net operating income will equal projected net operating income. Tenants Our tenants are varied and consist of individuals and national, regional, and local businesses. Our commercial properties generally attract a mix of tenants. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, no single tenant represented more than 10 of our revenues. We have investments in several types of real estate, including multifamily, retail, office, industrial, and medical. Within our office, retail, and industrial properties, we have over 100 tenants who operate in numerous industries, including restaurants, pharmacy, medical, financing, banking, insurance, professional services, technology, wholesale and direct retail. Lease Expirations The vast majority of residential leases are for one-year periods. The following table lists a summary, as of December 31, 2022, of lease expirations on non-residential properties scheduled to occur during each of the ten calendar years from 2023 to 2032 and thereafter, assuming that tenants exercise no renewal options or early termination rights. Base rents do not include CAM (common area maintenance). The table is based on leases on December 31, 2022 for our non-residential properties including our unconsolidated affiliates (in thousands, except leasable area data). 

# of Leases Gross of Gross Expiring of Total Lease Expiration Year Expiring Leasable Area Leasable Area Base Rent Base Rent Month-to-Month 0 0.00 0.00 2023 7 23,335 1.81 234,781 1.05 2024 19 156,445 12.16 828,540 3.72 2025 13 142,130 11.05 831,440 3.73 2026 11 150,378 11.69 1,136,265 5.10 2027 13 128,878 10.02 2,695,716 12.09 2028 7 69,390 5.39 1,038,051 4.65 2029 5 86,532 6.73 484,989 2.17 2030 13 147,113 11.43 1,994,416 8.94 2031 3 111,196 8.64 1,314,405 5.89 2032 8 181,795 14.13 1,668,691 7.48 Thereafter 7 89,384 6.95 10,072,420 45.18 Leased Total 106 1,286,576 100.00 22,299,714 100.00 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage Notes Secured by the Properties On December 31, 2022, we had 508,305 in mortgage notes payable with respect to our properties. Principal payments on these notes are payable as follows (in thousands): 

Years ending December 31, Amount 2023 53,341 2024 22,376 2025 53,130 2026 45,546 2027 77,845 Thereafter 256,067 508,305 Insurance We believe we have adequate property damage, fire loss and liability insurance on all of our properties with reputable, commercially rated companies. We also believe our insurance policies contain commercially reasonable deductibles and limits, adequate to cover our properties. We expect to maintain this type of insurance coverage and to obtain similar coverage with respect to any additional properties we acquire in the near future. Further, we have title insurance relating to our properties in an aggregate amount we believe to be adequate. Regulations Our properties, as well as any other properties we may acquire in the future, are subject to various federal, state, and local laws, ordinances and regulations. They include, among other things, zoning regulations, land use controls, environmental controls relating to air and water quality, noise pollution and indirect environmental impacts such as increased motor vehicle activity. We believe we have all permits and approvals necessary under current law to operate our properties. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The Company is subject, from time to time, to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. While the resolution of such matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes, based on currently available information, that the final outcome of such matters will not have a material effect on the financial statements of the Company. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common shares of beneficial interest are not listed on any national exchange or over-the-counter market or quoted on any national securities market, and we currently do not have plans to list or have our common shares quoted. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Shareholders and Unit Holders As of March 14, 2023, we had 10,947,790, common shares of beneficial interests outstanding, held by a total of 1,122 common shareholders and no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our common shares. In addition, as of March 14, 2023, there were approximately 18,687,896 limited partnership units of our operating partnership outstanding held by approximately 529 limited partners. Pursuant to the exchange rights under the LLLP Agreement of the operating partnership, we have the option, upon redemption requests by the holders of the limited partnership units, to acquire the limited partnership units by paying the holders with our common shares of beneficial interest in lieu of delivering cash. The numbers of common shareholders and limited partners is based on the Company s records. There is no public trading market for our common shares or the limited partnership units of our Operating Partnership. Quarterly Dividend Data We have declared and intend to continue to declare regular quarterly dividends to our common shareholders. Because all of our operations are conducted through our operating partnership, our ability to pay dividends depends on the operating partnership s ability to make distributions to us and its other limited partners. We pay declared dividends quarterly, whereby the dividend attributable to a calendar quarter would be paid during the first month of the next quarter. Dividends will be paid to common shareholders as of the record dates selected by the Board of Trustees. We intend to make dividends sufficient to satisfy the requirements for qualification as a REIT for federal tax purposes. The following tables show the dividends we have declared (including the total amount paid on a per share basis, paid in cash, reinvested in shares of our common stock pursuant to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, and the total amount paid) during the last two fiscal years (in thousands, except per share data). 

Dividends Per Reinvested 2022 Quarter Ended Common Share Cash via DRP Total Dividends December 31 0.287500 1,146 1,962 3,108 (a) September 30 0.287500 1,097 1,973 3,070 June 30 0.287500 1,127 1,910 3,037 March 31 0.287500 1,130 1,877 3,007 4,500 7,722 12,222 

Dividends Per Reinvested 2021 Quarter Ended Common Share Cash via DRP Total Dividends December 31 0.265000 1,024 1,716 2,740 (a) September 30 0.265000 927 1,780 2,707 June 30 0.265000 928 1,743 2,671 March 31 0.265000 963 1,679 2,642 3,842 6,918 10,760 (a) Fourth quarter dividends paid on January 17 th of the following year, for the year ended December 31, 2022. Fourth Quarter dividends were paid on January 18 th of the following year, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Trust expects that future dividends will be maintained at least at the present rate, unless there are changes in our results of operations, our general financial condition, general economic conditions, or the Board determines other action prudent. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Sale of Securities During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership issued approximately 560,000 limited partnership units valued at 23 per unit for an aggregate consideration of 12,870, for the purchase of real estate investments. The units were sold to accredited investors unaffiliated with the Operating Partnership in private placement transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of such Act. Limited Partners may request, in accordance with the requirements of the redemptions plans, the redemption of their limited partnership units for cash or the exchange of their limited partnership units for common shares of the Trust in lieu of cash for the redemption on a basis of one limited partnership unit for one common share. At the sole and absolute discretion of the Operating partnership, and so long as our redemption plans exist and applicable conditions and limitations are satisfied, the Trust may, acting for itself or in its capacity as General Partner of the Operating Partnership, elect to redeem or exchange such limited partnership units . Other Sales During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were no common shares of the Trust issued in exchange for limited partnership units of the operating partnership. Redemptions of Securities Set forth below is information regarding common shares and limited partnership units redeemed during the year ended December 31, 2022 Average Total Number of Total Number of Approximate Dollar Value of Total Number Total Number Price Shares Redeemed Units Redeemed Shares (or Units) that May of Common of Limited Paid per as Part of as Part of Yet Be Redeemed Under Shares Partner Units Common Publicly Announced Publicly Announced Publicly Announced Period Redeemed Redeemed Share/Unit Plans or Programs Plans or Programs Plans or Programs October 1-31, 2022 1,000 21.85 1,501,000 1,147,000 14,870 November 1-30, 2022 1,000 4,000 21.85 1,502,000 1,151,000 14,750 December 1-31, 2022 3,000 21.85 1,502,000 1,154,000 14,684 Total 2,000 7,000 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Trust redeemed all shares or units for which we received redemption requests. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2022, all common shares and units redeemed were redeemed as part of the publicly announced plans. The Amended and Restated Share Redemption Plan, effective January 1, 2022, permits us to repurchase common shares held by our shareholders and limited partnership units held by partners of our Operating Partnership, up to an aggregate amount of 55,000 worth of shares and units, upon request by the holders after they have held them for at least one year and subject to other conditions and limitations described in the plan. The amount remaining to be redeemed as of December 31, 2022, was 14,684. The redemption price for such shares and units redeemed under the plan was fixed at 21.85 per share or unit, which became effective January 1, 2022. The redemption plan will terminate in the event the shares become listed on any national securities exchange, the subject of bona fide quotes on any inter-dealer quotation system or electronic communications network or are the subject of bona fide quotes in the pink sheets. Additionally, the Board, in its sole discretion, may terminate, amend or suspend the redemption plan at any time if it determines to do so is in our best interest. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA None. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Safe Harbor Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 Certain statements contained in this section and elsewhere in this Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Please see Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors for more information. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statements were made and are not guarantees of future performance. Introduction The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A within this section is focused on the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, including year-to-year comparisons between these years. Our MD A for the year ended December 31, 2020, including year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020, can be found in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Overview Sterling Real Estate Trust d/b/a Sterling Multifamily Trust Sterling , the Trust or the Company is a registered, but unincorporated business trust organized in North Dakota in December 2002. Sterling has elected to be taxed as a Real Estate Investment Trust REIT under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code, which requires that 75 of the assets of a REIT must consist of real estate assets and that 75 of its gross income must be derived from real estate. The net income of the REIT is allocated in accordance with the stock ownership in the same fashion as a regular corporation. Our real estate portfolio consisted of 185 properties containing 11,300 apartment units and approximately 1,498,000 square feet of leasable commercial space as of December 31, 2022 . The portfolio has a net book value of real estate investments (cost less accumulated depreciation) of approximately 776,299, which includes construction in progress. Sterling s current acquisition strategy and focus is on multifamily apartment properties. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Below are the accounting policies and estimates that management believe are critical to the preparation of the audited consolidated financial statements included in this Report. Certain accounting policies used in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are particularly important for an understanding of the financial position and results of operations presented in the historical consolidated financial statements included in this Report. A summary of significant accounting policies is also provided in the aforementioned notes to our consolidated financial statements (see note 2 to the audited consolidated financial statements). These policies require the application of judgment and assumptions by management and, as a result, are subject to a degree of uncertainty. Due to this uncertainty, actual results could differ materially from estimates calculated and utilized by management. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Impairment of Real Estate Investments The Trust s investment properties are reviewed for potential impairment at the end of each reporting period or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. At the end of each reporting period, the Trust separately determines whether impairment indicators exist for each property. Examples of situations considered to be impairment indicators include, but are not limited to: o A substantial decline or negative cash flows; o Continued low occupancy rates; o Continued difficulty in leasing space; o Significant financially troubled tenants; o A change in plan to sell a property prior to the end of its useful life or holding period; o A significant decrease in market price not in line with general market trends; and o Any other quantitative or qualitative events or factors deemed significant by the Trust s management or Board of Trustees. If the presence of one or more impairment indicators as described above is identified with respect to an investment property, the asset is tested for recoverability by comparing its carrying value to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. An investment property is considered to be impaired when the estimated future undiscounted cash flows are less than its current carrying value. When performing a test for recoverability or estimating the fair value of an impaired investment property, the Trust makes complex or subjective assumptions which include, but are not limited to: o Projected operating cash flows considering factors such as vacancy rates, rental rates, lease terms, tenant financial strength, demographics, holding period and property location; o Projected capital expenditures; o Projected cash flows from the eventual disposition of an operating property using a property specific capitalization rate; o Comparable selling prices; and o Property specific discount rates for fair value estimates as necessary. To the extent impairment has occurred, the Trust will record an impairment charge calculated as the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. Based on evaluation, there was one impairment loss of 561 during the year ended December 31, 2022. There were no impairment losses during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. There have been no material changes in our Critical Accounting Policies as disclosed in Note 2 to our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included elsewhere in this report. Acquisition of Real Estate Investments The Company allocates the purchase price of properties that meet the definition of an asset acquisition to net tangible and identified intangible assets acquired based on their relative fair values. In making estimates of relative fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, the Company utilizes a number of sources, including independent appraisals that may be obtained in connection with the acquisition or financing of the respective property, our own analysis of recently acquired and existing comparable properties in our portfolio and other market data. The Company also considers information obtained about each property as a result of its pre-acquisition due diligence, marketing, and leasing activities in estimating the relative fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 REIT Status We operate in a manner intended to enable us to continue to qualify as a REIT under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code. Under those sections, a REIT which distributes at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, excluding net capital gains, as a distribution to its shareholders each year and which meets certain other conditions will not be taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its shareholders. We intend to distribute to our shareholders 100 of our taxable income. Therefore, no provision for Federal income taxes is required. If we fail to distribute the required amount of income to our shareholders, we would fail to qualify as a REIT and substantial adverse tax consequences may result Principal Business Activity The operating partnership currently directly owns 185 properties. Of these, 143 are residential properties located in North Dakota, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska and Texas and are principally multifamily apartment buildings. The remaining 42 are commercial properties primarily located in North Dakota with others located in Arkansas, Colorado, Iowa, Louisiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Nebraska and Wisconsin. The commercial properties include retail, office, industrial, and medical properties. The Trust s mix of properties is 78.8 residential and 21.2 commercial (based on cost) with a total carrying value of 776,299 at December 31, 2022. Currently our focus is limited to multifamily apartment properties. We will consider unsolicited offers for purchase of commercial properties on a case-by-case basis. The following table represents the number of properties the Trust owns in each state as of December 31, 2022: 

Residential Property Location No. of Properties Units North Dakota 122 7,187 Minnesota 15 3,040 Missouri 1 164 Nebraska 4 639 Texas 1 270 143 11,300 Commercial Property Location No. of Properties Sq. Ft North Dakota 20 772,000 Arkansas 2 28,000 Colorado 1 17,000 Iowa 1 33,000 Louisiana 1 15,000 Michigan 1 12,000 Minnesota 9 524,000 Mississippi 1 15,000 Nebraska 1 19,000 Wisconsin 5 63,000 42 1,498,000 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Management Highlights Increased revenues from rental operations by 5,736 or 4.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Eight properties with a total cost of 94,844 were acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022. Disposed of two residential and three commercial properties during the year ended December 31, 2022. Declared dividends aggregating 1.1500 per common share for the year ended December 31, 2022. Results of Operations for the Years Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year ended December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 Residential Commercial Total Residential Commercial Total (unaudited) (unaudited) (in thousands) (in thousands) Real Estate Revenues 113,968 21,092 135,060 107,284 22,040 129,324 Real Estate Expenses Real Estate Taxes 11,734 2,511 14,245 10,778 2,928 13,706 Property Management 13,778 789 14,567 12,907 1,217 14,124 Utilities 10,901 1,274 12,175 9,031 1,104 10,135 Repairs and Maintenance 24,479 1,812 26,291 21,571 1,956 23,527 Insurance 3,755 105 3,860 3,167 110 3,277 Total Real Estate Expenses 64,647 6,491 71,138 57,454 7,315 64,769 Net Operating Income 49,321 14,601 63,922 49,830 14,725 64,555 Interest 19,994 18,142 Depreciation and amortization 24,679 22,203 Administration of REIT 5,247 4,381 Other income (10,530) (4,609) Net Income 24,532 24,438 Net Income Attributed to: Noncontrolling Interest 15,611 15,644 Sterling Real Estate Trust 8,921 8,794 Dividends per share (1) 1.1500 1.0600 Earnings per share 0.8400 0.8700 Weighted average number of common shares 10,632 10,160 (1) Does not take into consideration the amounts distributed by the operating partnership to limited partners. Revenues Property revenues totaled approximately 135,060 for the year ended December 31, 2022, which constituted an increase of approximately 5,736 or 4.4 compared to the same period in 2021. Residential property revenues increased approximately 6,684 and commercial property revenues decreased approximately 948. The following table illustrates the occupancy percentage for the periods ended indicated: 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Residential occupancy 93.2 94.8 Commercial occupancy 87.0 80.7 Residential revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased 6,684 or 6.2 , in comparison to the same period in 2021. Residential properties acquired since January 1, 2021, contributed approximately 5,232 to the increase in total 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 residential revenues. The remaining increase is due to decreased rental incentives caused by increased renewals and general market rent increases at our stabilized properties. Residential revenues comprised 84.4 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 83.0 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021. Residential economic occupancy year-over-year decreased 1.6 , during the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total commercial revenues decreased 948 or 4.3 , in comparison to the same period in 2021. The decrease was primarily attributed to the disposition of three commercial properties which accounts for 772 of the decrease during the year ended December 31, 2022 The remaining difference in commercial revenues is related to early termination fees which decreased 173 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. The early termination fees will vary from year to year and are dependent on operational leases on commercial properties. Expenses Residential expenses from operations of 64,647 during the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 7,193 or 12.5 in comparison to the same period in 2021. The increase is attributed to an increase in repairs and maintenance expense of 2,908 or 13.5 . Properties acquired since January 1, 2021, attributed 937 to the increase in repairs and maintenance expense. Additionally, increased project and upgrade costs, that are considered to be deferred maintenance costs from the year ended 2021, due to COVID-19 restrictions attribute to the increase in repairs and maintenance expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase is also attributed to an increase in property management fees of 871 or 6.7 , an increase in utility expense of 1,870 or 20.7 , as well as an increase in real estate taxes of 956 or 8.9 . The main reason for the increases in property management fees, utility expenses and real estate taxes is related to the properties acquired since January 1, 2021, which account for 665, 559 and 529 of the increase, respectively. Commercial expenses from operations of 6,491 during the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 824 or 11.3 in comparison to the same period in 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022 property management fees decreased by 428 or 35.2 . The decrease is also attributable to a decrease in advertising and marketing expenses in an office building located in Minneapolis, Minnesota in efforts to lease up vacant space. The decrease is also attributed to a decrease in real estate taxes of 417 or 14.2 , due to a property in Minneapolis, Minnesota receiving a real estate tax refund and property in Fargo, ND whose tenant is responsible for real estate taxes in 2022. Interest expense of 19,994 during the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 1,852 or 10.2 in comparison to the same period in 2021. Interest expense related to financing activities increased by 1,677 during 2022. One property in Minnesota had a secondary mortgage taken out which attributes to 1,036 of the increase. Capitalized interest expense related to construction in progress decreased 154 during the year ended December 31, 2022. Depreciation and amortization expense of 24,679 during the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 2,476 or 11.2 in comparison to the same period in 2021. Properties acquired since January 1, 2021, contributed approximately 2,122 to the increase in depreciation expense, which is offset by 206 of reduced depreciation expense related to the disposition of four properties during the year ended December 31, 2022. Amortization expense will continue to decrease as lease intangibles become fully amortized but will increase upon acquisitions of intangible assets. Depreciation and amortization expense as a percentage of rental income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were relatively consistent at 18.3 and 17.2 , respectively. REIT administration expenses of 5,249 for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased 866 or 19.8 in comparison to the same period in 2021, which is attributed to two joint venture s development fee of 600 in 2022, and an increase in REIT advisory fees paid of 335. Other income of 10,530 for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 5,921 or 128.5 in comparison to the same period in 2021. The increase is primarily attributed to the sale of three commercial and two residential properties for 11,090 in 2022 as compared to only one commercial and one residential properties in 2021 for 1,710. This is offset by the increase in net loss allocations from Sterling s ownership in six joint ventures for 2,078 in 2022. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Furthermore, the increase is offset by the Trust receiving 1,000 from related parties, in reimbursement for expenses paid that were associated with capital projects in 2021. Construction in Progress and Development Projects The Trust capitalizes direct and certain indirect project costs incurred during the development period such as construction, insurance, architectural, legal, interest and other financing costs, and real estate taxes. At such time as the development is considered substantially complete, the capitalization of certain indirect costs such as real estate taxes, interest, and financing costs cease, all project-related costs included in construction in process are reclassified to land and building and other improvements. Construction in progress as of December 31, 2022, consists primarily of construction at several residential properties located in North Dakota and Minnesota. The Prairiewood Meadows construction consists of the re-development of one building due to a fire, a new clubhouse for residents, and parking lot repairs. Current expectations are that the projects will be completed in the first quarter of 2023, and the current budget approximates 3,683, of which 3,085 has been incurred and is included in construction in progress. The Rosedale Estates project is primarily related to a new parking structure. Current expectations are the project will be completed in the first quarter of 2024, and the current budget is approximately 5,142, of which 129 has been incurred and is included in construction in progress. Remaining construction in progress projects are primarily related to building and roof system, roof replacements on multiple residential properties, residential exterior window systems, and new deck systems on multiple residential properties. The Trust has two on-going developments through ventures in unconsolidated affiliates. Park Hill Apartments, currently being developed in Dallas, Texas, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2023 and the current project budget approximates 53,138 of which 37,714 has been incurred as of December 31, 2022. Kessler Apartments, currently being developed in Fort Worth, Texas is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2024 and the current project budget approximates 55,000 of which 8,709 has been incurred as of December 31, 2022. Funds From Operations (FFO) Funds From Operations (FFO) applicable to common shares and limited partnership units means net income (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect funds from operations on the same basis. Historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors have considered presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. The term Funds From Operations (FFO) was created to address this problem. It was intended to be a standard supplemental measure of REIT operating performance that excluded historical cost depreciation from or added back to GAAP net income. Our management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors because it provides supplemental information that facilitates comparisons to prior periods and for the evaluation of financial results. Management uses this non-GAAP measure to evaluate our financial results, develop budgets and manage expenditures. The method used to produce non-GAAP results is not computed according to GAAP, is likely to differ from the methods used by other companies and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Management encourages the review of the reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to the comparable GAAP results. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Since the introduction of the definition of FFO, the term has come to be widely used by REITs. In the view of National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ), the use of the definition of FFO (combined with the primary GAAP presentations required by the Securities and Exchange Commission) has been fundamentally beneficial, improving the understanding of operating results of REITs among the investing public and making it easier than before to compare the results of one REIT with another. While FFO applicable to common shares and limited partnership units are widely used by REITs as performance metrics, all REITs do not use the same definition of FFO or calculate FFO in the same way. The FFO reconciliation presented here is not necessarily comparable to FFO presented by other real estate investment trusts. FFO should also not be considered as an alternative to net income as determined in accordance with GAAP as a measure of a real estate investment trust s performance, but rather should be considered as an additional, supplemental measure, and should be viewed in conjunction with net income as presented in the consolidated financial statements included in this report. FFO applicable to common shares and limited partnership units does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP and is not necessarily indicative of sufficient cash flow to fund a real estate investment trust s needs or its ability to service indebtedness or to pay dividends to shareholders. The following tables include calculations of FFO, and the reconciliations to net income, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We believe these calculations are the most comparable GAAP financial measure (in thousands): Reconciliation of Net Income Attributable to Sterling to FFO Applicable to Common Shares and Limited Partnership Units 

Year ended December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, 2020 Weighted Avg Weighted Avg Weighted Avg Shares and Shares and Shares and Amount Units Amount Units Amount Units (unaudited) (in thousands, except per share data) Net Income attributable to Sterling Real Estate Trust 8,921 10,632 8,794 10,160 9,405 9,694 Add back: Noncontrolling Interest - Operating Partnership Units 15,628 18,626 15,783 18,235 17,645 18,187 Depreciation Amortization from continuing operations 24,679 22,203 21,214 Pro rata share of unconsolidated affiliate depreciation and amortization 3,312 718 380 Loss on impairment of real estate investments 561 Subtract: Gain on sale of depreciable real estate (11,090) (1,710) (3,383) Funds from operations applicable to common shares and limited partnership units (FFO) 42,011 29,258 45,788 28,395 45,261 27,881 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Evaluation of Liquidity We continually evaluate our liquidity and ability to fund future operations, debt obligations, and any repurchase requests. As part of our analysis, we consider among other items, the credit quality of tenants and lease expirations. Our principal demands for funds will be for the: (i) acquisition of real estate and real estate-related investments, (ii) payment of acquisition related expenses and operating expenses, (iii) payment of dividends/distributions, (iv) payment of principal and interest on current and any future outstanding indebtedness, (v) redemptions of our securities under our redemption plans and (vi) capital improvements, development projects, and property related expenditures. Generally, we expect to meet cash needs for the payment of operating expenses and interest on outstanding indebtedness from cash flow from operations. We expect to pay dividends/distributions and any repurchase requests to our shareholders and the unit holders of our operating partnership from cash flow from operations; however, we may use other sources to fund dividends/distributions and repurchases, as necessary. At December 31, 2022, our unrestricted cash resources consisted of cash and cash equivalents totaling 3,257. Our unrestricted cash reserves can be used for working capital needs and other commitments. In addition, we had unencumbered properties with a gross book value of 107,577, which could potentially be used as collateral to secure additional financing in future periods. The Trust has a 4,915 variable rate (SOFR plus 2.00 line of credit agreement with Bremer Bank, which expires in December 2026; and a 5,000 variable rate (SOFR plus 2.00 line of credit agreement with Bremer Bank, which expires December 2026. The lines of credit are secured by specific properties. At December 31, 2022, the Bremer lines of credit secured one letter of credit totaling 50, leaving 8,857 available and unused under the agreements. The Trust anticipates renewing the line of credit expiring in the next 12 months to continue to hold it as a cash resource to the Trust. The sale of our securities and issuance of limited partnership units of the operating partnership in exchange for property acquisitions and sale of additional common or preferred shares is also expected to be a source of long-term capital for us. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not sell any common shares in private placements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 342,000 and 177,000 common shares under the dividend reinvestment plan and optional share purchases, respectively which raised gross proceeds of 11,531. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we did not sell any common shares in private placements. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued 363,000 and 203,000 common shares under the dividend reinvestment plan and as optional share purchases, respectively which raised gross proceeds of 10,952. Additionally, to reduce our cash investment and liquidity needs, the Trust utilizes the UPREIT structure whereby we can acquire property in whole or in part by issuing partnership units in lieu of cash payments. During the year end December 31, 2022, the operating partnership issued approximately 560,000 limited partnership units of the operating partnership valued at 23.00 per unit for an aggregate consideration of approximately 12,870 for the purchase of real estate investments. During the year end December 31, 2021, the Trust issued approximately 144,000 limited partnership units of the operating partnership valued at 20.00 per unit for an aggregate consideration of approximately 2,883 for the purchase of real estate investments. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 The Board of Trustees, acting as general partner for the operating partnership, determined an estimate of fair value for the limited partnership units exchanged through the UPREIT structure. In determining this value, the Board relied upon their experience with, and knowledge about, the Trust s real estate portfolio and debt obligations. The Board typically determines the fair value on an annual basis. The Trustees determine the fair value, in their sole discretion and use data points to guide their determination which is typically based on a consensus of opinion. Thus, the Trust does not employ any specific valuation methodology or formula. Rather, the Board looks to available data and information, which is often adjusted and weighted to comport more closely with the assets held by the Trust at the time of valuation. The principal valuation methodology utilized is the NAV calculation/direct capitalization method. The information made available to the Board is assembled by the Trust s Advisor. In addition, the Board considers how the price chosen will affect existing share and unit values, redemption prices, dividend coverage ratios, yield percentages, dividend reinvestment factors, and future UPREIT transactions, among other considerations and information. The fair value was not determined based on, nor intended to comply with, fair value standards under US GAAP and the value may not be indicative of the price we would get for selling our assets in their current condition. At this time, no shares are held in street name accounts and the Trust is not subject to FINRA s specific pricing requirements set out in Rule 2340 or otherwise. As with any valuation methodology, the methodologies utilized by the Board in reaching an estimate of the value of the shares and limited partnership units are based upon a number of estimates, assumptions, judgments or opinions that may, or may not, prove to be correct. The use of different estimates, assumptions, judgments, or opinions would likely have resulted in significantly different estimates of the value of the shares and limited partnership units. In addition, the Board s estimate of share and limited partnership unit value is not based on the book values of our real estate, as determined by GAAP, as our book value for most real estate is based on the amortized cost of the property, subject to certain adjustments. Cash on hand, together with cash from operations and access to the lines of credit is expected to provide sufficient capital to meet the Company s needs for at least the next 12 months and as appropriate, we will use cash flows from operations, net proceeds from share offerings, debt proceeds, and proceeds from the disposition of real estate investments to meet long term liquidity demands. Credit Quality of Tenants We are exposed to credit risk within our tenant portfolio, which can reduce our results of operations and cash flow from operations if our tenants are unable to pay their rent. Tenants experiencing financial difficulties may become delinquent on their rent or default on their leases and, if they file for bankruptcy protection, may reject our lease in bankruptcy court, resulting in reduced cash flow. This may negatively impact net asset values and require us to incur impairment charges. Even if a default has not occurred and a tenant is continuing to make the required lease payments, we may restructure or renew leases on less favorable terms, or the tenant s credit profile may deteriorate, which could affect the value of the leased asset and could in turn require us to incur impairment charges. To mitigate credit risk on commercial properties, we have historically looked to invest in assets that we believe are critically important to our tenant s operations and have attempted to diversify our portfolio by tenant, tenant industry and geography. We also monitor all of our properties performance through review of rent delinquencies as a precursor to a potential default, meetings with tenant management and review of tenants financial statements and compliance with financial covenants. When necessary, our asset management process includes restructuring transactions to meet the evolving needs of tenants, refinancing debt and selling properties, as well as protecting our rights when tenants default or enter into bankruptcy. Lease Expirations and Occupancy Our residential leases are for a term of one year or less. The Advisor, with the assistance of our property managers, actively manages our real estate portfolio and begins discussing options with tenants in advance of scheduled lease expirations. In certain cases, we may obtain lease renewals from our tenants; however, tenants may elect to move out at the end of their term. In the cases where tenants elect not to renew, we may seek replacement tenants or try to sell the property. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Cash Flow Analysis Our objectives are to generate sufficient cash flow over time to provide shareholders with increasing dividends and to seek investments with potential for strong returns and capital appreciation throughout varying economic cycles. We have funded 100 of dividends paid with operating cash flows. In setting a dividend rate, we focus primarily on expected returns from investments we have already made to assess the sustainability of a particular dividend rate over time. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash flows provided by operating activities 40,770 45,055 Net cash flows used in investing activities (107,960) (59,141) Net cash flows provided by financing activities 19,114 47,107 Operating Activities Our real estate properties generate cash flow in the form of rental revenues, which is reduced by interest payments, direct lease costs and property-level operating expenses. Property-level operating expenses consist primarily of property management fees including salaries and wages of property management personnel, utilities, cleaning, repairs, insurance, security and building maintenance cost, and real estate taxes. Additionally, we incur general and administrative expenses, advisory fees, acquisition and disposition expenses and financing fees. Net cash provided by operating activities was 40,770 and 45,053 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which consists primarily of net income from property operations, adjusted for non-cash depreciation and amortization. Investing Activities Our investing activities generally consist of real estate-related transactions (purchases and sales of properties) and payments of capitalized property-related costs such as intangible assets. Net cash used in investing activities was 107,960 and 59,119 for the years ended the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (this does not include the value of UPREIT units issued in connection with investing activities). For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash flows used in investing activities related specifically to the acquisition of properties and capital expenditures was 91,600 and 53,900, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash flows used in investing activities related to the purchase of securities was 29,130 and -, respectively. Proceeds received from the sale of real estate investments during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, offset this amount by 25,463 and 5,610, respectively. Financing Activities Our financing activities generally consist of funding property purchases by raising proceeds and securing mortgage notes payable as well as paying dividends, paying syndication costs, and making principal payments on mortgage notes payable. Net cash provided by financing activities was 19,114 and 47,107, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid 25,310 in dividends and distributions, redeemed 2,077 of shares and units, received 26,500 from a note payable, received 37,569 from new mortgage notes payable, and made mortgage principal payments of 22,231. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid 22,622 in dividends and distributions, redeemed 5,566 of shares and units, received 116,180 from new mortgage notes payable, and made mortgage principal payments of 43,641. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Dividends and Distributions Common Stock We declared cash dividends to our shareholders during the period from January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022 totaling 12,222 or 1.1500 per share, of which 4,507 was cash dividends and 7,715 were reinvested through the dividend reinvestment plan. The cash dividends were paid with the 40,770 from our cash flows from operations. We declared cash dividends to our shareholders during the period from January 1, 2021, to December 31, 2021 totaling 10,761 or 1.0600 per share, of which 3,842 was cash dividends and 6,918 were reinvested through the dividend reinvestment plan. The cash dividends were paid with the 45,053 from our cash flows from operations. We continue to provide cash dividends to our shareholders from cash generated by our operations. The following chart summarizes the sources of our cash used to pay dividends. Our primary source of cash is cash flow provided by operating activities from our investments as presented in our cash flow statement. We also include distributions from unconsolidated affiliates to the extent that the underlying real estate operations in these entities generate these cash flows and the gain on sale of properties relates to net profits from the sale of certain properties. Our presentation is not intended to be an alternative to our consolidated statement of cash flows and does not present all sources and uses of our cash. The following table presents certain information regarding our dividend coverage: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Cash flows provided by operations (includes net income of 24,532 and 24,438, respectively) 40,770 45,055 Distributions in excess of earnings received from unconsolidated affiliates 504 Gain on sales of real estate and non-real estate investments 10,529 1,710 Dividends declared (12,222) (10,760) Excess 39,581 36,005 Limited Partnership Units The operating partnership agreement provides that our operating partnership will distribute to the partners (subject to certain limitations) cash from operations on a quarterly basis (or more frequently, if we so elect) in accordance with the percentage interests of the partners. We determine the amounts of such distributions in our sole discretion. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we declared quarterly distributions totaling 21,482 to holders of limited partnership units in our operating partnership, which we paid on April 15, July 15, and October 17, 2022, and January 17, 2023. Distributions were paid at a rate of 0.2875 per unit per quarter, which is equal to the per share distribution rate paid to the common shareholders. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we declared quarterly distributions totaling 19,319 to holders of limited partnership units in our operating partnership, which we paid on April 15, July 15, October 15, 2021, and January 18, 2022. Distributions were paid at a rate of 0.2650 per unit per quarter, which is equal to the per share distribution rate paid to the common shareholders. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Sources of Dividends and Distributions For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid aggregate dividends of 11,854, which were paid with cash flows provided by operating activities. Our funds from operations, or FFO, was 42,011, therefore, our management believes our distribution policy is sustainable over time. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid aggregate dividends of 10,629 which were paid with cash flows provided by operating activities. Our FFO was 45,788 for the year ended December 31, 2021. For a further discussion of FFO, including a reconciliation of FFO to net income, see Funds from Operations above. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements For a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 2, Principal Activity and Significant Accounting Policies Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements, to the consolidated financial statements that are a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Developments On January 17, 2023, we paid a dividend or distribution of 0.2875 per share on our common shares of beneficial interest or limited partnership units, to common shareholders and limited unit holders of record on December 31, 2022. We have evaluated subsequent events through the date of this filing. We are not aware of any other subsequent events which would require recognition or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements . ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The Trust is exposed to certain risk arising from both its business operations and economic conditions and principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Trust manages economic risks, liquidity, and credit risk primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of its assets and liabilities. The principal material financial market risk to which we are exposed, is interest-rate risk, which the Trust manages through the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Trust enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Trust used 12 interest rate swaps to hedge the variable cash flows associated with market interest rate risk. These swaps have an aggregated notional amount of 106,033 for the year ended December 31, 2022. We do not enter into derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The interest rate swaps expose us to credit risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparty under the terms of the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, The Trust had 106,033 of variable-rate borrowings, with the total outstanding balance fixed through interest rate swaps. Even though our goal is to maintain a fairly low exposure to interest rate risk, we may become vulnerable to significant fluctuations in interest rates on any future repricing or refinancing of our fixed or variable rate debt or future debt. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report are listed in Item 15 and begin immediately after the signature pages. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures Sterling Real Estate Trust s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of Sterling Real Estate Trust s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on the evaluation, Sterling Real Estate Trust s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that Sterling Real Estate Trust s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a comprehensive system of internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance of the proper authorization of transactions, the safeguarding of assets and the reliability of the financial records. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Trustees regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. The system of internal control over financial reporting provides for appropriate division of responsibility and is documented by written policies and procedures that are communicated to employees. The framework upon which management relied in evaluating the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting was set forth in Internal Controls Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: i. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of our assets, ii. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and trustees; and iii. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Based on the results of our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. However, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in our business or other conditions, or that the degree of compliance with our policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Inherent Limitations of Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any control system. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that its objectives are met. No evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within us have been detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or because the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. I TEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. PART III The information required in Item 10 (Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance), Item 11 (Executive Compensation), Item 12 (Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters), Item 13 (Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence), and Item 14 (Principal Accountant Fees and Services) is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC or filed by amendment to this Annual Report on or before May 1, 2023. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a)(1) The financial statements listed below are included in this report Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID Number and PCAOB ID Number Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) (a)(3) Exhibits See the Exhibit Index filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND THE RELATED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME, SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY AND CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020, INCLUDING NOTES and REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PAGE REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S 51 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Balance Sheets 55 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income 56 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 57 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 58 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 60 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) 85 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Shareholders and the Board of Trustees of Sterling Real Estate Trust Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sterling Real Estate Trust and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements and schedule (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Evaluation of real estate investments for impairment The Company s real estate investments and related intangible assets were 776.3 million and 5.3 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. As described in Note 2, the Company performs impairment testing on a quarterly basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of its real estate investments may not be recoverable. As part of the Company s impairment indicator analysis, management considers numerous potential indicators of impairment of operating properties. These indicators could include a substantial decline in or continued low occupancy rate, continued difficulty in leasing space, significant financially troubled tenants, a change in plan to sell a property prior to the end of its useful life or holding period, a significant decrease in market price not in line with general market trends, and any other quantitative or qualitative events or factors deemed significant by the Trust s management or board of trustees. The Company identified indicators of impairment for certain real estate investments and, in such cases, further assessed the assets for recoverability by comparing the net carrying value to estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 We identified the determination of the existence of impairment indicators for the Company s real estate investments and related intangible assets as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management, including the evaluation of the impact of the factors described above. Auditing management s judgments used in the determination of impairment indicators involved a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort. Further, auditing the Company s undiscounted cash flow model required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort as estimates underlying the calculation, including terminal capitalization rates, were based on assumptions affected by expected future market and economic conditions. Our audit procedures related to the Company s evaluation of real estate investments for impairment included the following, among others. We tested the underlying data used in management s analysis for completeness and accuracy, agreed such data to source documents and the underlying accounting records and evaluated management s conclusions around potential indicators of impairment. We evaluated the accuracy of management s conclusions around potential indicators of impairment by developing an independent expectation of potential impairment indicators on a property by property basis, considering information such as historical trends, current year property level operating performance, and changes in expected hold periods, among others, and compared our expectation to management s analysis. For the Company s real estate investments that were assessed by management using an undiscounted cash flow model, we inspected relevant industry data to consider market conditions. Further, we tested that the significant assumptions utilized in estimating property undiscounted cash flows, such as terminal capitalization rates, were within an observable market range. Evaluation of purchase price allocation of real estate acquisitions As described in Note 2 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements, the transaction consideration exchanged in the Company s real estate acquisitions during 2022 amounted to 94.8 million. The transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions and resulted in the Company recording approximately 9.9 million of land and land improvements, approximately 83.6 million of building and improvements and approximately 1.3 million of other net assets and assumed liabilities. Management allocates the purchase price in an asset acquisition to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated relative fair values at the date of the acquisition. We identified the allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the asset acquisitions referred to above as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management when determining the estimates of fair value of certain assets acquired. Auditing management s estimates and judgments involved a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort, including the use of valuation specialists, due to the impact these estimates have on the allocation of the purchase price. Our audit procedures related to the allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the asset acquisitions referred to above included the following, among others: We obtained and read the purchase agreements. We tested the underlying data used in management s fair value estimates for completeness and accuracy and agreed the inputs to source documents. We utilized valuation specialists to assist in performing the following procedures: o Evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation methodology utilized by management to estimate fair value. o Obtained independently sourced market data for certain significant assumptions, including comparable land sales, market rent, discount rates and capitalization rates, among others, and compared them to management s estimates. o Assessed the reasonableness and recalculated management s allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 15, 2023 PCAOB ID: 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders, the Audit and Disclosure Committee, and the Board of Trustees of Sterling Real Estate Trust: Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows of Sterling Real Estate Trust (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We served as the Company s auditor from 2013 until 2021. March 31, 2021 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION I tem 1. Financial Statements STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANC E SHEETS as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) ASSETS Real estate investments Land and land improvements Building and improvements Construction in progress Real estate investments Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Real estate investments, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted deposits Investment in securities Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Notes receivable Lease intangible assets, less accumulated amortization Other assets, net Total Assets LIABILITIES Mortgage notes payable, net Notes payable Lines of credit Dividends payable Tenant security deposits payable Lease intangible liabilities, less accumulated amortization Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total Liabilities COMMITMENTS and CONTINGENCIES - Note 17 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Beneficial interest Noncontrolling interest Operating partnership Partially owned properties Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total Shareholders Equity See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATION S AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 , 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except per share data) Income from rental operations Real estate rental income Expenses Expenses from rental operations Operating expenses Real estate taxes Depreciation and amortization Interest Loss on impairment of property Administration of REIT Total expenses Income from operations Other income Equity in (losses) gains of unconsolidated affiliates ) ) Other income Gain on sale or conversion of real estate investments Gain on involuntary conversion Total other income Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest: Operating partnership Partially owned properties ) ) ) Net income attributable to Sterling Real Estate Trust Net income attributable to Sterling Real Estate Trust per common share, basic and diluted Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive gain (loss) - change in fair value of interest rate swaps ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to Sterling Real Estate Trust Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Accumulated Noncontrolling Distributions Total Interest Accumulated Common Paid-in in Excess of Beneficial Operating Partially Owned Comprehensive Shares Capital Earnings Interest Partnership Properties Income (Loss) Total (in thousands) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2019 ) Shares issued under trustee compensation plan Contribution of assets in exchange for the issuance of noncontrolling interest shares Shares/units redeemed ) ) ) ) ) Dividends and distributions declared ) ) ) ) Dividends reinvested - stock dividend Issuance of shares under optional purchase plan Change in fair value of interest rate swaps ) ) Net income ) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 ) ) Shares issued pursuant to trustee compensation plan Contribution of assets in exchange for the issuance of noncontrolling interest shares Shares/units redeemed ) ) ) ) ) Dividends and distributions declared ) ) ) ) Dividends reinvested - stock dividend Issuance of shares under optional purchase plan Change in fair value of interest rate swaps Contributions from consolidated real estate entity noncontrolling interests Net income ) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 ) ) Shares issued pursuant to trustee compensation plan Contribution of assets in exchange for the issuance of noncontrolling interest shares Shares/units redeemed ) ) ) ) ) Dividends and distributions declared ) ) ) ) Dividends reinvested - stock dividend Issuance of shares under optional purchase plan Change in fair value of interest rate swaps Net income ) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW S FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 , 2022, 2021 and 2020 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Gain on sale or conversion of real estate investments ) ) ) Loss on impairment of property Gain on involuntary conversion ) ) ) Change in fair value of securities ) Equity in loss (gain) of unconsolidated affiliates ) Distributions of earnings of unconsolidated affiliates Allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable ) ) Depreciation Amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs Effects on operating cash flows due to changes in Other assets ) ) Tenant security deposits payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES INVESTING ACTIVITIES Gross purchase of securities ) - - Proceeds from maturity of securities - - Purchase of real estate investment properties ) ) ) Capital expenditures and tenant improvements ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate investments and non-real estate investments Proceeds from involuntary conversion Investment in unconsolidated affiliates ) ) ) Distributions in excess of earnings received from unconsolidated affiliates Notes receivable issued net of payments received ) ) ) NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Payments for financing, debt issuance ) ) ) Payments on investment certificates and subordinated debt ) ) Principal payments on special assessments payable ) Proceeds from issuance of mortgage notes payable and subordinated debt Principal payments on mortgage notes payable ) ) ) Advances on lines of credit Payments on lines of credit ) ) Proceeds from notes payable Proceeds from issuance of shares under optional purchase plan Shares/units redeemed ) ) ) Dividends/distributions paid ) ) ) NET CASH PROVIDED (USED) BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES ) NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED DEPOSITS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED DEPOSITS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED DEPOSITS AT END OF PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED DEPOSITS AT END OF PERIOD Cash and cash equivalents Restricted deposits TOTAL CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED DEPOSITS, END OF PERIOD See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (Continued) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) SCHEDULE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the period for interest, net of capitalized interest SUPPLEMENTARY SCHEDULE OF NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Dividends reinvested Dividends declared and not paid UPREIT distributions declared and not paid Shares issued pursuant to trustee compensation plan Acquisition of assets in exchange for the issuance of noncontrolling interest units in UPREIT Increase in land improvements due to increase in special assessments payable Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps ) Acquisition of assets through assumption of debt and liabilities Capitalized interest and real estate taxes related to construction in progress See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statement s 
 59 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 and , respectively, of the operating partnership. of the partnership interests OP Units of the Operating Partnership. The remaining OP Units, consisting exclusively of limited partner interests, are held by persons who contributed their interests in properties to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units. Under the LLLP Agreement and the redemptions plans, these persons have the right to request the Operating Partnership redeem their OP Units following a specified restricted period. All redemptions are at the sole discretion of the Trust, acting for itself or in its capacity as General Partner of the Operating Partnership, and further subject to the conditions and limitations of the LLLP Agreement and redemption plans, as the same may be amended or modified from time to time. If the Trust accepts a redemption request, the redemption of OP Units shall be made in cash in an amount equal to the fair value of an equivalent number of common shares of the Trust. In lieu of delivering cash, however, the Trust, as the Operating Partnership s general partner, may, at its option and in its sole and absolute discretion, choose to acquire any OP Units so tendered by issuing common shares in exchange for the tendered OP Units. If the Trust so chooses, its common shares will be exchanged for OP Units on a one-for-one basis. This one-for-one exchange ratio is subject to adjustment to prevent dilution. With each such exchange or redemption, the Trust s percentage ownership in the Operating Partnership will increase. In addition, whenever the Trust issues common or other classes of its shares, it contributes the net proceeds it receives from the issuance to the Operating Partnership and the Operating Partnership issues to the Trust an equal number of OP Units or other partnership interests having preferences and rights that mirror the preferences and rights of the shares issued. This structure is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership REIT or UPREIT. Additionally, we evaluate the need to consolidate affiliates based on standards set forth in the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 810, Consolidation ASC 810 ). In determining whether we have a requirement to consolidate the accounts of an entity, management considers factors such as our ownership interest, our authority to make decisions and contractual and substantive participating rights of the limited partners and shareholders, as well as whether the entity is a variable interest entity VIE for which we have both: a) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance, and b) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be potentially significant to the VIE. 
 60 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 61 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 years Furniture, fixtures and equipment - years The Trust s investment properties are reviewed for potential impairment at the end of each reporting period or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. At the end of each reporting period, the Trust separately determines whether impairment indicators exist for each property. Examples of situations considered to be impairment indicators include, but are not limited to: o a substantial decline or negative cash flows; o continued low occupancy rates; o continued difficulty in leasing space; o significant financially troubled tenants; o a change in plan to sell a property prior to the end of its useful life or holding period; o a significant decrease in market price not in line with general market trends; and o any other quantitative or qualitative events or factors deemed significant by the Trust s management or Board of Trustees. If the presence of one or more impairment indicators as described above is identified with respect to an investment property, the asset is tested for recoverability by comparing its carrying value to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. An investment property is considered to be impaired when the estimated future undiscounted cash flows are less than its current carrying value. When performing a test for recoverability or estimating the fair value of an impaired investment property, the Trust makes complex or subjective assumptions which include, but are not limited to: o projected operating cash flows considering factors such as vacancy rates, rental rates, lease terms, tenant financial strength, demographics, holding period and property location; o projected capital expenditures; o projected cash flows from the eventual disposition of an operating property using a property specific capitalization rate; o comparable selling prices; and o property specific discount rates for fair value estimates as necessary. To the extent impairment has occurred, the Trust will record an impairment charge calculated as the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value for impairment of real estate investments. Based on evaluation, there were was one impairment loss of during the year ended December 31, 2022. There were impairment losses during the years ended December 2021 and 2020. 
 62 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 impairment losses were recorded related to the unconsolidated affiliates for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Accounts receivable, net Insurance claim receivable Fair value of interest rate swap Other assets Financing fees, less accumulated amortization Lease costs, less accumulated amortization Prepaid expenses Total other assets, net note receivable for a commercial tenant bearing a per annum interest rate which matures in 2025. Due to related party Accounts payable - trade Retainage payable 
 63 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Deferred insurance proceeds Accrued interest expense Accrued real estate taxes Accrued unearned rent Other liabilities Total accrued expenses and other liabilities of its taxable income. If it chooses to retain the remaining of taxable income, it may do so, but it will be subject to a corporate tax on such income. REIT shareholders are taxed on REIT distributions similar to corporate distributions. A summary of the tax characterization of the dividends paid to shareholders of the Company s common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 follows: Capital gain Return of capital 
 64 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 We intend to continue to qualify as a REIT and, provided we maintain such status, will not be taxed on the portion of the income that is distributed to shareholders. In addition, we intend to distribute all our taxable income; therefore, provisions or liabilities for income taxes have been recorded in the consolidated financial statements. Sterling conducts its business activity as an Umbrella Partnership Real Estate Investment Trust UPREIT through its Operating Partnership Sterling Properties, LLLP. The Operating Partnership is organized as a limited liability limited partnership. Income or loss is allocated to the partners in accordance with the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code 704(b) and 704(c). UPREIT status allows non-recognition of gain by an owner of appreciated real estate if that owner contributes the real estate to a partnership in exchange for a partnership interest. The conversion of a partnership interest to shares of beneficial interest in the REIT will be a taxable event to the limited partner. We follow ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, to recognize, measure, present and disclose in our consolidated financial statements uncertain tax positions that we have taken or expect to take on a tax return. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 we did not have any liabilities for uncertain tax positions that we believe should be recognized in our consolidated financial statements. We are no longer subject to Federal and State tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2019. The operating partnership has elected to record related interest and penalties, if any, as income tax expense on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The straight-line receivable balance included in receivables on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. We receive payments for expense reimbursements from substantially all our multi-tenant commercial tenants throughout the year based on estimated. The Trust is the lessor for its residential and commercial leases. Leases are analyzed on an individual basis to determine lease classification. As of December 31, 2022, all leases analyzed under the Trust s lease classification process were determined to be operating leases. dilutive potential common shares as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and therefore, basic earnings per common share was equal to diluted earnings per common share for both periods. As the calculation does not include net income attributable to the Operating Partnership, Operating Partnership Units are not included in the calculation, and does not have any impact on earnings per share. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Sterling s denominators for the basic and diluted earnings per common share were approximately , , and , respectively. 
 65 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 reportable segments: residential and commercial properties. Our residential properties include multifamily properties. Our commercial properties include retail, office, industrial, and medical properties. We assess and measure operating results based on net operating income NOI ), which we define as total real estate revenues less real estate expenses (which consist of real estate taxes, property management fees, utilities, repairs and maintenance, insurance and direct administrative costs). We believe NOI is an important measure of operating performance even though it should not be considered an alternative to net income or cash flow from operating activities. Segment Revenues and Net Operating Income The revenues and net operating income for the reportable segments (residential and commercial) are summarized as follows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, along with reconciliations to the consolidated financial statements. Segment assets are also reconciled to Total Assets as reported in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Expenses from rental operations Net operating income Depreciation and amortization Interest Administration of REIT Other income ) ) ) Net income Segment Assets and Accumulated Depreciation Accumulated depreciation ) ) ) Total real estate investments, net Lease intangible assets, less accumulated amortization Cash and cash equivalents Restricted deposits Investment in securities Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Notes receivable Other assets, net Total Assets 
 66 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Accumulated depreciation ) ) ) Total real estate investments, net Lease intangible assets, less accumulated amortization Cash and cash equivalents Restricted deposits Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Notes receivable Other assets, net Total Assets Real estate tax and insurance escrows Replacement reserves Other funded reserves ) Grand Forks INREIT, LLC 2003 SE Savage, LLC 2019 SE Maple Grove, LLC 2019 SE Rogers, LLC 2020 ST Oak Cliff, LLC 2021 SE Brooklyn Park, LLC 2021 SE Fossil Creek, LLC 2022 - The operating partnership owns a interest as tenant in common in an office building in Fargo, North Dakota. The property is encumbered by a first mortgage with a balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively. The Trust is jointly and severally liable for the full mortgage balance. The operating partnership is a owner of a tenant in common through ownership in a limited liability company. The property is located in Grand Forks, North Dakota. The property is encumbered by a non-recourse first mortgage with a balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively. The Trust is jointly and severally liable for the full mortgage balance. 
 67 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 interest in a limited liability company that holds a multifamily property. The property is encumbered by a first mortgage with a balance of at December 31, 2022. The Trust is jointly and severally liable for the full mortgage balance. At December 31, 2021, the property was encumbered by a first mortgage of , and a second mortgage to Sterling Properties, LLLP of . Additionally, at December 31, 2022, SE Savage, LLC has an outstanding Promissory Note with Sterling Properties, LLLP, for , and is an unsecured obligation of SE Savage, LLC. The note is considered to be additional at-risk funds to the Operating Partnership, in SE Savage, LLC, and is included in Notes Receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022. The Operating Partnership owns a interest in a limited liability company that holds a multifamily property. The entity is encumbered by a first mortgage with a balance at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 of . The property is also encumbered by a second mortgage to Sterling Properties, LLLP with a balance at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 of and , respectively. The Operating Partnership owns a interest in a limited liability company that is currently developing a multifamily property. The LLC holds land located in Rogers, Minnesota, with total assets of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The entity encumbered by a first mortgage has a balance of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company is jointly and severally liable for the full mortgage balance. The property is also encumbered by a second mortgage to Sterling Properties, LLLP with a balance at December 31, 2022 of . The Operating Partnership owns a interest in a limited liability company, with a related party. The entity is currently developing a multifamily property. As of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership has contributed in cash to the entity. The entity holds land located in Dallas, Texas with total assets of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The entity is encumbered by a construction mortgage with a balance of at December 31, 2022. There was balance outstanding related to the construction mortgage at December 31, 2021. The Company is jointly and severally liable for the full mortgage balance. The Operating Partnership owns a interest in a limited liability company, with an unrelated third party. The entity is currently developing a multifamily property. The entity is located in Brooklyn Park, Minnesota, with total assets of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The entity is encumbered by a first mortgage that has a balance of at December 31, 2022. There was balance outstanding related to the first mortgage at December 31, 2021. The Company is jointly and severally liable for the full mortgage balance. During the second quarter of 2022, the Operating Partnership entered into a joint venture arrangement. Through the joint venture, the Operating Partnership owns a interest in a limited liability company, with a related party. The entity is currently developing a multifamily property. As of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership has contributed in cash to the entity. The entity holds land located in Fort Worth, Texas with total assets of at December 31, 2022. Accumulated depreciation ) ) Cash and cash equivalents Restricted deposits Intangible assets, less accumulated amortization Other assets, net Total Assets 
 68 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Tenant security deposits payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total Liabilities SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Total Shareholders Equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity The following is a summary of results of operations of the unconsolidated affiliates for the years ended the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

The year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Income from rental operations Expenses from rental operations Net operating income Depreciation and Amortization Interest Other Income ) - ) Net (loss) income ) ) ) Above-market leases ) ) Lease Intangible Liabilities Below-market leases ) ) 

Lease Accumulated Lease As of December 31, 2021 Intangibles Amortization Intangibles, net Lease Intangible Assets (in thousands) In-place leases ) Above-market leases ) ) Lease Intangible Liabilities Below-market leases ) ) 
 69 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter The weighted average amortization period for the intangible assets (in-place leases, above-market leases) and intangible liabilities (below-market leases) acquired as of December 31, 2022 was years. The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquire above and below market lease intangibles is amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease as an adjustment to rental income. Amortization pertaining to above market lease intangibles of , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, was recorded as a reduction to income from rental operations. Amortization pertaining to below market lease intangibles of , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, was recorded as an increase to income from rental operations. variable rate (floating SOFR plus line of credit agreement with Bremer Bank, which expires in December 2026 ; and a variable rate (floating SOFR plus line of credit agreement with Bremer Bank, which expires December 2026 . The lines of credit are secured by specific properties. At December 31, 2022, the Bremer line of credit secures letter of credit totaling , leaving available and unused under the agreements. These operating lines are designed to enhance treasury management activities and more effectively manage cash balances. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was a balance of and - , respectively. Certain lines of credit agreements include covenants that, in part, impose maintenance of certain debt service coverage, debt to net worth ratios, and debt yield ratios. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, properties were out of compliance. 
 70 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 note payable. The note payable bears interest at a rate of percentage point under the Prime Rate as published in the Wall Street Journal, with principal plus accrued and unpaid interest due and payable on February 1, 2023. The Borrower may prepay the New Promissory Note without penalty. As of December 31, 2021, the Trust did not have any outstanding balances on notes payable. The following table summarizes the Company s mortgage notes payable. Variable rate mortgage notes payable - Mortgage notes payable Less unamortized debt issuance costs 

 (a) Includes and of variable rate mortgage debt that was swapped to a fixed rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had fixed rate mortgage loan with effective interest rates ranging from to per annum, and a weighted average effective interest rate of per annum. As of December 31, 2021, we had fixed rate and variable rate mortgage loan with effective interest rates ranging from to per annum, and a weighted average effective interest rate of per annum on fixed rate loans and per annum on variable rate loans. The majority of the Company s mortgages payable require monthly payments of principal and interest. Certain mortgages require reserves for real estate taxes and certain other costs. Mortgages are secured by the respective properties, assignment of rents, business assets, deeds to secure debt, deeds of trust and/or cash deposits with the lender. Additionally, certain mortgage note agreements include covenants that, in part, impose maintenance of certain debt service coverage and debt to worth ratios. As of December 31, 2022, loans were out of compliance due to increased repair and maintenance costs related to unit renovations and increased utility costs. The loans were secured by various properties with a total outstanding balance of . Annual waivers were received from the lenders on all loans out of compliance as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, loans were out of compliance due increased repair and maintenance costs related to unit renovations, bad debt allowance, and increased vacancies in the North Dakota and Minnesota markets. The loans were secured by various properties with a total outstanding balance of . Annual waivers were received from the lenders on all loans out of compliance as of December 31, 2021. We are required to make the following principal payments on our outstanding mortgage notes payable for each of the five succeeding fiscal years and thereafter as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total payments 
 71 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 interest rate swaps to hedge the variable cash flows associated with variable rate debt. Changes in fair value of the derivatives that are designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income and are reclassified into interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s variable rate debt. During the next 12 months, the Trust estimates that an additional will be reclassified as a decrease to interest expense. November 1, 2019 January 10, 2020 July 1, 2020 December 2, 2020 July 1, 2021 November 10, 2021 December 1, 2021 August 15, 2022 August 15, 2022 August 15, 2022 August 15, 2022 The following table summarizes the Company s interest rate swaps that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk: 

Number of Instruments Notional Interest Rate Derivatives December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Interest rate swaps The table below presents the estimated fair value of the Company s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The valuation techniques are described in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. Other assets, net Interest rate swaps Accrued expenses and other liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 72 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)) Interest expense 2021 2021 Interest rate swaps ) Interest expense Credit-risk-related Contingent Features The Trust has agreements with each of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision whereby if the Trust defaults on the related indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Trust could also be declared in default on its corresponding derivative obligation. As of December 31, 2022, the termination value of derivatives in a liability position was and the termination value of derivatives in an asset position was . As December 31, 2022, the Trust has pledged the properties related to the loans which are hedged as collateral . Notes receivable Derivative assets Financial liabilities: Mortgage notes payable Derivative liabilities The carrying values shown in the table are included in the consolidated balance sheets under the captions indicated in Note 10. ASC 820-10 established a three-level valuation hierarchy for fair value measurement. Management uses these valuation techniques to establish the fair value of the assets at the measurement date. These valuation techniques are based upon observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect management s assumptions. 
 73 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2021 Derivative assets Derivative liabilities Derivatives: The fair value of interest rate swaps is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected future cash flows of the derivative. The Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, the Company has considered any applicable credit enhancements. Fair Value Disclosures The following table presents the Company s financial assets and liabilities, which are measured at fair value for disclosure purposes, by the level in the fair value hierarchy within which they fall. Methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of these instruments are described after the table. Mortgage notes payable Notes receivable December 31, 2021 Mortgage notes payable Notes receivable U.S. Treasury Bills: The Trust estimates the fair value of its Treasury Bills by using quoted market prices. 
 74 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 to and from to December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Notes receivable: The Trust estimates the fair value of its notes receivable by discounting future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently offered to the Trust for similar note instruments of comparable maturities by the Trust s lenders. The fair value rate ranged from to December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. and , respectively. Total aggregate distributions per unit for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. The operating partnership declared fourth quarter distributions of and , to limited partners payable in January 2023 and 2022, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were limited partnership units of the operating partnership exchanged for common shares of the trust. Provided the Trust s redemption plan exists, and subject to the conditions and limitations contained in such redemption plan (including, without limitation, applicable holding periods and ownership limitations), and further subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the LLLP Agreement of the Operating Partnership, a Limited Partner may request the redemption of its limited partnership units for cash (a Redemption Request or the exchange of its limited partnership units for Sterling common shares (an Exchange Request ). Such request must be made in accordance with the redemption plan. Upon receipt of any Redemption or Exchange Request, as the case may be, the Trust may, at its sole and absolute discretion, acting for itself or as General Partner of the Operating Partnership, elect to redeem or exchange such limited partnership units. The Trust may, in its sole discretion, terminate, amend or suspend the redemption plan if such action is determined to be in the best interest of the Operating Partnership. worth of securities. As of December 31, 2022, there were worth of securities left to be redeemed under the redemption plan. Currently, the fixed redemption price is per share or unit under the plans which price became effective January 1, 2022. Prior to January 1, 2022, the redemption price was per share or unit under the plan. Prior to January 1, 2021, the redemption price was per share or unit under the plan. We may redeem securities under the plans provided the aggregate total has not been exceeded if we have sufficient funds to do so. The plans will terminate in the event the shares become listed on any national securities exchange, the subject of bona fide quotes on any inter-dealer quotation system or electronic communications network or are the subject of bona fide quotes in the pink sheets. Additionally, the Board, in its sole discretion, may terminate, amend or suspend the redemption plans, either or both of them, if it determines to do so in its sole discretion. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company redeemed , and common shares valued at , and , respectively. In addition, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company redeemed , and units valued at , and , respectively. 
 75 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 common shares of beneficial interest with par value and preferred shares with par value, which collectively represent the beneficial interest of Sterling. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and common shares outstanding. We had preferred shares outstanding as of either date. Dividends paid to holders of common shares were per share, per share and per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. common shares to be issued under the plan on Form S-3D, which automatically became effective on July 20, 2012. On July 11, 2017, we registered with the Securities Exchange Commission an additional common shares to be issued under the plan on Form S-3D, which automatically became effective on July 11, 2017. On November 3, 2020, we registered with the Securities Exchange Commission an additional common shares to be issued under the plan on Form S-3D, which automatically became effective on November 3, 2020. Under this plan, eligible shareholders may elect to have all or a portion (but not less than of the cash dividends they receive automatically reinvested in our common shares. If an eligible shareholder elects to reinvest cash dividends under the plan, the shareholder may also make additional optional cash purchases of our common shares, not to exceed per fiscal quarter without our prior approval. The purchase price per common share under the plan equals of the estimated value per common share for dividend reinvestments and equals of the estimated value per common share for additional optional cash purchases, as determined by our Board of Trustees. In addition, eligible shareholders may not in any calendar year purchase or receive via transfer more than additional optional cash purchases of Common Shares. The estimated value per common share was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Therefore, the purchase price per common share for dividend reinvestments was and and for additional optional cash purchases was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Board, in its sole discretion, may amend, suspend or terminate the plan at any time, without the consent of shareholders, upon a notice to participants. In the year ended December 31, 2022, shares were issued pursuant to dividend reinvestments and shares were issued pursuant to additional optional cash purchases under the plan. In the year ended December 31, 2021, shares were issued pursuant to dividend reinvestments and shares were issued pursuant to additional optional cash purchases under the plan. In the year ended December 31, 2020, shares were issued pursuant to dividend reinvestments and shares were issued pursuant to additional optional cash purchases under the plan. 
 76 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 , , and , respectively. Management fees which approximate of net collected rents, account for , , and of these fees during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. In addition, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we paid repair and maintenance expenses, and payroll related expenses to GOLDMARK Property Management, Inc. totaling , , and , respectively Advisory Agreement We are an externally managed trust and as such, although we have a Board of Trustees and executive officers responsible for our management, we have paid employees. The Advisor may receive fees related to management of the Trust, acquiring, disposing, or developing real estate property, project management fees, and financing fees related to lending relationships, under the Advisory Agreement, which must be renewed on an annual basis and approved by a majority of the independent trustees. The Advisory Agreement was approved by the Board of Trustees (including all the independent Trustees) on March 24, 2022, and is effective until March 31, 2023. The below table summarizes the fees incurred to our Advisor. Acquisition Disposition Financing Project Management 
 77 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Acquisition - Development - Disposition - Financing - Project Management Operating Partnership Units Issued in Connection with Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2022, Operating Partnership units were issued to an entity affiliated with Messrs. Regan and Wieland, two of our trustees, in connection with the acquisition of various properties. The aggregate value of these units was . During the year ended December 31, 2021, there were Operating Partnership units issued directly or indirectly, to affiliated entities. During the year ended December 31, 2020, Operating Partnership units were issued to an entity affiliated with Messrs. Regan and Wieland, two of our trustees, in connection with the acquisition of various properties. The aggregate value of these units was . Commissions During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred real estate commissions of , , and , respectively, to GOLDMARK Commercial Real Estate, Inc., in which Messrs. Regan and Wieland jointly own a controlling interest. As of December 31, 2022, there were commissions of payable to GOLDMARK Commercial Real Estate. As of December 2021 and 2020, there were unpaid commissions to GOLDMARK Commercial Real Estate. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred real estate commissions of , , and , respectively to GOLDMARK Property Management. As of December 31, 2022, there were commissions of payable to GOLDMARK Property Management. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020 there were unpaid commissions to GOLDMARK Property Management. Rental Income During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we received rental income of , , and , respectively, under an operating lease agreement with our Advisor. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we received rental income, , and , respectively, under an operating lease agreement with GOLDMARK Commercial Real Estate, Inc. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we received rental income of , , and , respectively, under operating lease agreements with GOLDMARK Property Management, Inc. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we received rental income of , , and , respectively, under operating lease agreements with Bell Bank. 
 78 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 , , and , respectively, for general costs related to business operations as well as capital expenditures related to construction in progress that were paid to related parties. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were operational outstanding liabilities and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, the Trust received did t receive related parties reimbursement for expenses paid that were associated with capital projects. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Trust received from related parties for reimbursement for expenses paid that were associated with capital projects. reimbursements for operational receivables were received during the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, operational receivables outstanding due from related parties was and , respectively. Debt Financing At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Trust had and , respectively, of outstanding principal on loans entered into with Bell Bank. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Trust incurred interest expense on debt held with Bell Bank of , , and , respectively. Accrued interest at December 31, 2022 and 2021, related to this debt was and , respectively. A December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Trust had and -, respectively, of outstanding principal on notes payable entered into with Bell Bank. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Trust did not incur interest expense on note payable held with Bell Bank. Mezzanine Financing The Trust offers mezzanine financing to joint ventures, see note 5 for investment in unconsolidated affiliates. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Sterling issued and , respectively, in second mortgage financing to related entities. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Trust earned interest income of and , respectively, related to the second mortgage financing. interest income was earned during the year ended December 31, 2020. Insurance Services The Trust retains insurance services from Bell Insurance. Policies provided by these services provide insurance coverage for the Trust s Commercial segment as well as Director and Officer general and liability coverage. At December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 total premiums incurred for this policy were , and , respectively. Tenant Improvement Arrangements During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Trust paid in tenant improvement costs associated with a lease agreement with Trustmark Enterprises, Inc. There were tenant improvement costs incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. At December 31, 2022, costs were owed to related parties for tenant improvement costs. Development Arrangements Effective August 25, 2021, The Trust purchased a interest in ST Oak Cliff Dallas, LLC. The purpose of the entity is to develop and construct a -unit multifamily property located in Dallas, Texas. The partnering investee, TG Oak Cliff Dallas, LLC is owned in part by Kenneth P. Regan, the Trust s Chief Executive Officer and Trustee. Mr. Regan is also a partner in Trumont Group, the developer 
 79 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 and , respectively, in development fees to Trumont Group. such fees were paid during the year ended December 31, 2020. At December 31, 2022 the Trust owed - and , respectively, in development fees to Trumont Group. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Trust incurred and paid and , respectively, in construction fees to Trumont Construction. such fees were paid during the year ended December 31, 2020. At December 31, 2022 the Trust owed and , respectively, in construction fees to Trumont Construction. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Trust incurred and paid and , respectively, in general construction costs to Trumont Construction. such fees were paid during the year ended December 31, 2020. At December 31, 2022 there was of general construction costs were owed to Trumont Construction. At December 31, 2021, general construction costs were owed to Trumont Construction. or less. Commercial properties are leased to tenants under terms expiring at various dates through . Lease terms often include renewal options. As of December 31, 2022, we derived of our revenues from residential leases that are generally for terms of one-year or less. The residential leases may include lease income related to such items as parking, storage and non-refundable deposits that we treat as a single lease component because amenities cannot be leased on their own and the timing and pattern of revenue recognition are the same. The collection of lease payments at lease commencement is probable and therefore we subsequently recognize lease income over the lease term on a straight-line basis. Residential leases are renewable upon consent of both parties on an annual or monthly basis. As of December 31, 2022, we derived of our revenues from commercial leases primarily under long-term lease agreements. Substantially all commercial leases contain fixed escalations, or, in some instances, changes based on the Consumer Price Index, which occur at specified times during the term of the lease. In certain commercial leases, variable lease income, such as percentage rent, is recognized when rents are earned. We recognize rental income and rental abatements from our commercial leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Recognition of rental income commences when control of the leased space has been transferred to the tenant. We recognize variable income from pass-through expenses on an accrual basis over the periods in which the expenses were incurred. Pass-through expenses are comprised of real estate taxes, operating expenses and common area maintenance costs which are reimbursed by tenants in accordance with specific allowable costs per tenant lease agreements. When we pay pass-through expenses, subject to reimbursement by the tenant, they are included within operating expenses, excluding real estate taxes, and reimbursements are included within real estate rental income along with the associated base rent in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. We record base rents on a straight-line basis. The monthly base rent income according to the terms of our leases is adjusted so that an average monthly rent is recorded for each tenant over the term of its lease. The straight-line rent adjustment increased revenue by for the year ended December 31, 2022, and increased revenue by for the year ended December 31, 2021. The straight-line receivable balance included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. We receive payments for expense reimbursements from substantially all our multi-tenant commercial tenants throughout the year based on estimates. 
 80 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Lease income related to variable lease payments Other (a) ) ) Lease Income (b) (a) For the year ended December 31, 2022, Other is comprised of revenue adjustments related to changes in collectability and amortization of above and below market lease intangibles and lease inducements. (b) Excludes other rental income for the year ended December 31, 2022, of , which is accounted for under the revenue recognition standard. Year ended December 31, 2021 Residential Commercial Total (in thousands) Lease income related to fixed lease payments Lease income related to variable lease payments Other (c) ) Lease Income (d) (c) For the year ended December 31, 2021, Other is comprised of revenue adjustments related to changes in collectability and amortization of above and below market lease intangibles and lease inducements. (d) Excludes other rental income for the year ended December 31, 2021, of , which is accounted for under the revenue recognition standard. Commercial space is rented under long-term agreements. Minimum future rentals on non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 81 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 properties. We sold a retail property located in Savage, Minnesota for a sale price of and recognized a gain of in March 2022. We sold a residential property located in Moorhead, Minnesota for a sale price of and recognized a gain of in May 2022. We sold an office property located in Edina, Minnesota for a sale price of and recognized a gain of in August 2022. We sold a residential property located in East Grand Forks, MN for a sale price of and recognized a loss of in September 2022. We sold a retail property located in Bloomington, Minnesota for a sale price of and recognized a gain of in December 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Operating Partnership sold properties. We sold a retail property located in Waite Park, Minnesota, for a sale price of and recognized a gain of in April 2021. We sold a residential property located in Moorhead, Minnesota, for a sale price of and recognized a gain of in June 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Operating Partnership sold properties. We sold a retail property located in Apple Valley, Minnesota, for a sale price of and recognized a gain of in March 2020. We sold an office property located in St. Cloud, Minnesota, for a sale price of and recognized a gain of in May 2020. We sold an office property located in Bismarck, North Dakota for a sale price of and recognized a gain of in December 2020. 
 82 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 units 5/31/22 Desoto Estates Grand Forks, ND Apartment Complex units 5/31/22 Desoto Townhomes Grand Forks, ND Townhomes units 5/31/22 Desoto Apartments East Grand Forks, MN Apartment Complex units 6/10/22 Diamond Bend Mandan, ND Apartment Complex units 9/13/22 Newgate Apartments Bismarck, ND Apartment Complex units 12/1/22 Chandler 1898 Grand Forks, ND Apartment Complex units 12/29/22 Prose Fossil Creek Fort Worth, TX Apartment Complex units The acquisition of Prose Fossil Creek was made utilizing a Reverse 1031 Like-Kind Exchange that was entered into at closing. As such, as of December 29, 2022, Prose Fossil Creek is in the possession of a qualified intermediary engaged to execute the Reverse 1031 Like-Kind Exchange until the sale transaction and the Reverse 1031 Like-Kind Exchange are completed. The Trust retains essentially all of the legal and economic benefits and obligations related to Prose Fossil Creek prior to the completion of the Reverse 1031 Like-Kind Exchange. Accordingly, Prose Fossil Creek is included in the Trust s consolidated financial statements as a consolidated VIE until legal title is transferred to the Trust upon completion of the Reverse 1031 Like-Kind Exchange. Total consideration given for acquisitions the year ended December 31, 2022 was completed through issuing approximately limited partnership units of the operating partnership valued at per unit for an aggregate consideration of approximately . The value of units issued in exchange for property is determined through a value established annually by our Board of Trustees and reflects the fair value at the time of issuance. The Company acquired the following properties during the year ended December 31, 2021. units 6/1/21 Brownstone Fargo, ND Apartment Complex units 6/1/21 Briar Pointe Fargo, ND Apartment Complex units 7/1/21 Oxford Fargo, ND Apartment Complex units 7/1/21 Pinehurst Fargo, ND Apartment Complex units Total consideration given for acquisitions the year ended December 31, 2021 was completed through issuing approximately limited partnership units of the operating partnership valued at per unit for an aggregate consideration of approximately . The value of units issued in exchange for property is determined through a value established annually by our Board of Trustees and reflects the fair value at the time of issuance. The Company acquired the following properties during the year ended December 31, 2020. units 1/31/20 Columbia Park Village Grand Forks, ND Apartment complex units 3/1/20 Belmont East West Bismarck, ND Apartment complex sq. ft. 
 83 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 units 3/1/20 Hawn Fargo, ND Apartment complex units 3/1/20 Rosser Bismarck, ND Apartment complex units 8/28/20 Trustmark (a) Fargo, ND Office building units 9/15/20 Foxtail Townhomes Fargo, ND Apartment complex units 12/17/20 Evergreen Terrace Omaha, NE Apartment complex units Total consideration given for acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2020, was completed through issuing approximately limited partnership units of the operating partnership valued at per unit for an aggregate consideration of approximately . The value of units issued in exchange for property is determined through a value established annually by our Board of Trustees and reflects the fair value at the time of issuance. In 2022, cash flows were reclassified to updated presentation resulting prior period to be updated to align with reclassification. The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price, before prorations, the Company recorded in conjunction with the acquisitions discussed above: Acquired lease intangible assets - Assumed Assets Total Assets Acquired Other liabilities ) ) ) Net assets acquired Equity/limited partnership unit consideration ) ) ) Net cash consideration . On January 13, 2023, the Trust paid off a note for with Bell Bank that was set to mature on February 1, 2023. On January 17, 2023, we paid a dividend or distribution of per share on our common shares of beneficial interest or limited partnership units, to common shareholders and limited unit holders of record on December 31, 2022. On February 24, 2023, Barry L. Schmeiss resigned as Chief Investment Officer of the Trust. Pending acquisitions and dispositions are subject to numerous conditions and contingencies and there are no assurances that the transactions will be completed. We have evaluated subsequent events through the date of this filing. We are not aware of any other subsequent events which would require recognition or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements. 
 84 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2022 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 ) Titan Machinery Titan Machinery Titan Machinery Titan Machinery Titan Machinery Titan Machinery Titan Machinery Total ) Life on which Costs depreciation capitalized Date of on latest Initial cost subsequent Gross Amount at which Construction income Land to company to acquisition (a) carried at close of period or statement is Property Physical Location Encumbrances Land Buildings Land Buildings Land Buildings Total Depreciation Acquisition computed Taco Bell West 80 Total 
 85 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2022 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 - Bio-Life - Bio-Life - Bio-Life - Bio-Life - Bio-Life - Bio-Life - Bio-Life - Bio-Life - Total Life on which Costs depreciation capitalized Date of on latest Initial cost subsequent Gross Amount at which Construction income Residential to company to acquisition (a) carried at close of period or statement is Property Physical Location Encumbrances Land Buildings Land Buildings Land Buildings Total Depreciation Acquisition computed Amberwood - Arbor I/400 Arbor II/404 Arbor III/406 Ashbury Auburn II - Autumn Ridge - Barrett Arms Bayview - Belmont East and West Berkshire - Betty Ann Birchwood 1 Birchwood 2 Bradbury Apartments Briar Pointe Bridgeport Bristol Park Brookfield - 
 86 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2022 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 Cambridge (FKA 44th Street) Candlelight ) Carling Manor Carlton Place - Carr Cedars 4 Chandler 1802 Chandler 1834 Chandler 1866 - Chandler 1898 Cherry Creek (FKA Village) Cityside Apartments Columbia Park Village I Columbia West - Country Club - Countryside Courtyard - Dakota Manor Danbury - Dellwood Estates Deer Park Desoto Estates Desoto Townhomes Diamond Bend Eagle Run Eagle Sky I Eagle Sky II East Bridge Eastbrook Echo Manor - Emerald Court - Essex Evergreen Terrace Fairview - Flagstone Flickertail Forest Avenue Foxtail Creek Townhomes Galleria III Garden Grove - Georgetown on the River - Glen Pond - Glen Pond Addition 
 87 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2022 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 - Hannifin Harrison and Richfield - Hartford Apartments Hawn Highland Meadows - Hunters Run I ) Hunters Run II Huntington Islander Jadestone Kennedy - Library Lane - Madison Maple Ridge - Maplewood - Maplewood Bend I, II, III. IV, V, VI, VII, VIII Royale - Martha Alice - Mayfair - Monticello - Montreal Courts - Morningside Apartments Newgate Oak Court - Oakview Townhomes Oxford Pacific Park I Pacific Park II Pacific South Park Circle Parkview Arms - Parkwest Gardens - Parkwood Pebble Creek ) - Pinehurst Plumtree Prairiewood Courts - Prairiewood Meadows Prose Fossil Creek Quail Creek - Robinwood Rosedale Estates - Rosegate - Rosser 
 88 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2022 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 - Saddlebrook Sage Park - Sargent Schrock Sheridan Pointe Sierra Ridge Somerset Southgate - Southview III Southview Villages - Spring - Stanford Court - Stonefield-Phase I - Stonefield-Phase II Stonefield-Phase III Stonybrook - Summerfield Summit Point - Sunchase Sunset Ridge - Sunview - Sunwood - Thunder Creek - Twin Oaks Twin Parks - Valley Homes Duplexes Valley View - Village Park Village West Washington Westcourt - West Oak Westside Westwind - Westwood - Willow Park Wolf Creek Woodland Pines Total 
 89 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2022 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 - Bell Plaza - Trustmark First International Bank Trust - Four Points - Gate City Goldmark Office Park - Great American Bldg - Midtown Plaza - Parkway office building (FKA Echelon) - Redpath Wells Fargo Center ) - Total 
 90 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2022 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 Dairy Queen Dairy Queen Dairy Queen Family Dollar OReilly Walgreens - Walgreens Walgreens Walgreens Walgreens Total Grand Totals 
 91 

Table of Contents STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION DECEMBER 31, 2022 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 Purchase of real estate investments Sale and disposal of real estate investment ) ) ) Property held for sale ) Provision for asset impairment ) Construction in progress not yet placed in service ) ) Balance at December 31, (c) The changes in accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows (in thousands): 2022 2021 2020 Balance at January 1, Depreciation expense Property held for sale ) Sale and disposal of real estate investment ) ) ) Balance at December 31, (d) The aggregate cost of our real estate for federal income tax purposes is 763,298. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Index 

Filed Incorporated by reference Exhibit here Period Filing number Exhibit Description with Form ending Exhibit Date 3.1 Articles of Organization of Sterling Real Estate Trust filed December 3, 2002 10-12G 3.1 03/10/11 3.2 Amendment to Articles of Organization of Sterling Real Estate Trust dated August 1, 2014 8-K 5.02 06/24/14 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws dated June 2, 2020 8-K 3.1 06/03/20 4.1 Sterling Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust dated June 23, 2016 8-K 4.1 06/29/16 4.2 Amended and Restated Share Redemption Plan effective January 1, 2021 8-K 99.1 09/29/21 4.3 Amended and Restated Unit Repurchase Plan effective January 1, 2021 8-K 99.2 09/29/21 4.4 Description of Registrant s Securities 10-K 12/31/2019 4.11 03/13/20 10.1 Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Liability Limited Partnership of Sterling Properties, LLLP dated January 1, 2014 8-K 5.04 06/24/14 10.2 Amended and Restated Dividend Reinvestment Plan effective June 25, 2020 8-K 10.3 06/30/20 10.3 Amendment to Certificate of Limited Liability Partnership of Sterling Properties, LLLP dated August 1, 2014 8-K 5.03 06/24/14 10.4 Form of Secured Promissory Note (15-Year Note) dated as of December 19, 2014 8-K 10.3 12/23/14 10.5 Form of Secured Promissory Note (10-Year Note) dated as of December 19, 2014 8-K 10.4 12/23/14 10.6 Form of Mortgage, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing dated as of December 19, 2014 8-K 10.5 12/23/14 10.7 Form of Promissory Note dated as of December 19, 2014 8-K 10.6 12/23/14 10.8 Form of Mortgage dated as of December 19, 2014 8-K 10.7 12/23/14 10.9 Form of Commercial Security Agreement dated as of December 19, 2014 8-K 10.8 12/23/14 10.10 Amended and Restated Sterling Real Estate Trust Independent Trustee Common Shares Plan approved June 18, 2015 8-K 10.1 06/23/15 10.11 Form of Promissory Note dated as of August 13, 2015 8-K 10.2 08/18/15 10.12 Form of Mortgage, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing dated as of August 13, 2015 8-K 10.3 08/18/15 10.13 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Independent Trustee Stock Plan 8-K 99.3 04/04/18 10.14 Amended and Restated Sterling Real Estate Trust Independent Trustee Common Shares Plan dated March 25, 2021 8-K 10.1 03/31/21 10.15 Eleventh Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, dated April 1, 2022 8-K 10.1 03/29/22 10.16 Bell Bank Promissory Note, dated December 29, 2022 between Bell Bank and Sterling Properties, LLLP, together with commercial Guaranty of Sterling Real Estate Trust, dated December 29, 2022 8-K 10.1 01/04/23 16.1 Letter of Baker Tilly US, LLP dated March 31, 2021 to the SEC regarding statements in Item 4.01(a) 8-K 16.1 03/31/21 21.1 Subsidiaries of Registrant X 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - RSM, LLP X 23.2 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Baker Tilly US, LLP X 31.1 Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer X 31.2 Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer X 32.1 Section 906 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer X 101 The following materials from Sterling Real Estate Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2020; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and; (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in IXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 X 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURE S Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused the report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Dated: March 15, 2023 

STERLING REAL ESTATE TRUST By: /s/ Kenneth P. R egan Kenneth P. Regan Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Kenneth P. Regan (Kenneth P. Regan) Chief Executive Officer and Trustee (Principal Executive Officer) March 15, 2023 /s/ Damon K. Gleave (Damon K. Gleave) Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) March 15, 2023 /s/ Lance R. Wolf (Lance R. Wolf) Chairman of the Board of Trustees March 15, 2023 /s/ Ann L. Christenson (Ann L. Christenson) Trustee March 15, 2023 /s/ Timothy L. Haugen (Timothy L. Haugen) Trustee March 15, 2023 /s/ Timothy A. Hunt (Timothy A. Hunt) Trustee March 15, 2023 /s/ Michelle L. Korsmo (Michelle L. Korsmo) Trustee March 15, 2023 /s/ Mark T. Polovitz (Mark T. Polovitz) Trustee March 15, 2023 /s/ James S. Wieland (James S. Wieland) Trustee March 15, 2023 
 94 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 sret-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

JURISDICTION NAME OF SUBSIDIARY OF FORMATION Sterling Properties, LLLP North Dakota Bayview Apartments, LLC North Dakota Bridgeport Apartments, LLC North Dakota Candlelight Apartments, LLC Delaware Columbia West Apartments, LLC North Dakota Courtyard Apartments LLC Minnesota Dellwood Estates LLC Minnesota Flickertail Apartments, LLC North Dakota Garden Grove Apartments LLC North Dakota Grand Forks INREIT, LLC North Dakota INREIT Alexandria, LLC Delaware INREIT Batesville, LLC North Dakota INREIT BL Marquette, LLC North Dakota INREIT Fayetteville, LLC North Dakota INREIT Fed-3 LLC North Dakota INREIT Laurel, LLC Delaware INREIT Maple Ridge, LLC North Dakota INREIT Stonybrook, LLC Delaware Maplewood Bend Apartments LLC North Dakota Montreal Courts Apartments LLC Minnesota Pebble Creek Apartments LLC North Dakota Richfield Harrison Apartments, LLC North Dakota SE Brooklyn Park Minnesota SE Fossil Creek Texas SE Maple Grove, LLC Minnesota SE Rogers, LLC Minnesota SE Savage, LLC Minnesota SE St Oak Cliff Texas Sterling Quail Creek, LLC Missouri Sterling Georgetown, LLC Minnesota Sterling Highland, LLC North Dakota Sterling Northland, LLC Minnesota Sterling Parkwest, LLC North Dakota Sterling Stonefield I, LLC North Dakota Sunwood Estates, LLC North Dakota Twin Oaks Apartments, LLC Minnesota Twin Parks, LLC North Dakota Willow Park Apartments, LLC North Dakota 36.22 ownership as of December 31, 2022 50 ownership as of December 31, 2022 60 ownership as of December 31, 2022 70 ownership as of December 31, 2022 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 sret-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-182768, 333-219243 and 333-249812) on Forms S-3 of Sterling Real Estate Trust of our report dated March 15, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Sterling Real Estate Trust, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sterling Real Estate Trust for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ RSM US LLP Minneapolis, Minnesota March 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 sret-20221231xex23d2.htm
 EX-23.2

Exhibit 23.2 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3D (File Nos. 333-182768, 333-219243, and 333-249812) of Sterling Real Estate Trust of our report dated March 31, 2021, with respect to the financial statements and schedule of Sterling Real Estate Trust, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP Chicago, Illinois March 15, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 sret-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 OFFICER S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 I, Kenneth P. Regan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for Sterling Real Estate Trust; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: March 15, 2023 By: /s/ Kenneth P. Regan Kenneth P. Regan Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 sret-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 OFFICER S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 I, Damon K. Gleave, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for Sterling Real Estate Trust; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: March 15, 2023 

By: /s/ Damon K. Gleave Damon K. Gleave Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 sret-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sterling Real Estate Trust (the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of their knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.
 26, 

Dated: March 15, 2023 By: /s/ Kenneth P. Regan Kenneth P. Regan Chief Executive Officer Dated: March 15, 2023 By: /s/ Damon K. Gleave Damon K. Gleave Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 sret-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 sret-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 sret-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 sret-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 sret-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

