<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1835800_0001213900-23-024810.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4320062</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>365095</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>870005</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>896416</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1081165</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1002703</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024810.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330183711
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024810
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pivotal Investment Corp III
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001835800
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				853415215
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40019
		FILM NUMBER:		23782203

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O GRAUBARD MILLER
		STREET 2:		405 LEXINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10174
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 818-8800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O GRAUBARD MILLER
		STREET 2:		405 LEXINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10174

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024810.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_pivotalinv3.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year
ended , 

Commission File Number

PIVOTAL INVESTMENT
CORPORATION III 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

c/o Graubard Miller 

,

, 

(Address of Principal
Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

(Address, including
zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

c/o Graubard Miller 

The Chrysler Building 

405 Lexington Avenue,
44 th Floor 

New York, New York
10174 

(212) 818-8800 

(Name, address, including
zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-sixth of one redeemable warrant PICC.U The New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Redeemable
 warrants, exercisable for shares of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share 
 
 PICCW 
 
 OTC 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of voting
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter, was approximately (based on the closing price for shares of the registrant s Class A
Common Stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022). 

As of March 30, 2023, shares
of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
were issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

PIVOTAL INVESTMENT
CORPORATION III 

FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 32 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 33 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 37 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 37 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 38 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 38 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 39 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 45 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 46 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 48 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 50 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 F-1 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 51 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS; SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

Certain statements in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K Annual Report of Pivotal Investment Corporation III (the Company, 
 we, us, our and Pivotal may constitute forward-looking statements 
for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding
our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements
in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our
ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our
officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in
approving our initial business combination; 

our
potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
lack of a market for our securities; 

the
use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements contained
in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on
us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this Annual Report entitled Risk Factors .
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under
applicable securities laws. 

ii 

Summary of Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves
a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk Factors , 
alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks
include, but are not limited to: 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
right to convert your shares to cash. 

Our
initial stockholders will control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. 

The
ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into an agreement for an initial business combination or optimize our
capital structure. 

We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the
required time period after the closing of our Initial Public Offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, and we would redeem our public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account, and we would liquidate.
In such event, our warrants would expire worthless. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose
the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 . 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent valuation or appraisal firm
and, consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the target(s) of our initial
business combination is fair from a financial point of view. 

Our
warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult
to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We
may issue additional shares of capital stock or debt securities to complete a business combination, which would reduce the equity interest
of our stockholders and likely cause a change in control of our ownership. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required, to complete a business combination or to fund the operations and growth of
the target business. 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the ongoing effects of COVID-19 and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

iii 

If
we consummate a business combination with a target company with assets located outside of the United States, our results of operations
and prospects could be subject to the economic, political, and legal policies, developments, and conditions in the country in which we
operate. Further, exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause our ability to succeed in the international markets to be
diminished. 

Past
performance by our management team and their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. 

Members
of our management team have been, may be, or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, the defense or
prosecution of which could be time-consuming and could divert our management s attention, and may have an adverse effect on us. 

Our
officers and directors presently have fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of
interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our
officers and directors may have interests in a potential business combination that are different than yours, which may create conflicts
of interest. 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by a majority of
the then outstanding warrants. 

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

The
NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

If
third parties bring claims against us, and if our directors decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsors, or
if our sponsors do not have the funds to indemnify us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit
the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our
stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

We
may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We
have a limited operating history, and, accordingly, you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

We
are an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain
exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors
and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

Adverse developments
affecting the financial services industry could adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations,
either directly or through adverse impacts on certain of our vendors and customers. 

iv 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

We are a blank check
company incorporated Delaware on October 6, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination ).
We may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geographic location. 

On February 8, 2021,
the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-252063 and 333-252872) (the Registration Statement for our initial public offering of units Initial Public Offering or IPO was declared effective. On February
11, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 27,600,000 units (each, a Unit and collectively, the Units including 3,600,000 units subject to the underwriters over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common
stock, .0001 par value Common Stock ), and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ),
with each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share. Each Public
Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Units were
sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 276,000,000. 

Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement (the Private Placement of 7,270,000 warrants
(each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00
per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of 7,270,000 million. The Private Placement Warrants were purchased by
the Company s sponsor, Pivotal Investment Holdings III LLC, an affiliate of Jonathan J. Ledecky, our chairman of the board, and
Kevin Griffin, our chief executive officer and president Sponsor ). The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the
Public Warrants included in the Units sold in the IPO, except that the Private Placement Warrants are non-redeemable and may
be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor
has agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of the Private Placement Warrants or Common Stock underlying the Private Placement Warrants
(except to certain transferees) until thirty days after the completion of the Company s initial business combination. 

276,000,000 10.00 per Unit) from the net
proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Warrants was placed in a trust account Trust
Account located in the United States and held as cash items (including in demand deposit accounts) or invested only in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or
in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraph
(d) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion
of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the assets held in the Trust Account, as described below. 

On December 30, 2022, we held a special meeting
of stockholders to approve a proposal to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which we had
to consummate a business combination from February 11, 2023 to August 11, 2023. Such proposal was approved at the meeting and as a result,
we now have until August 11, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination. In connection with the special meeting, the Sponsor entered
into agreements with several unaffiliated third parties and agreed to transfer an aggregate of 409,051 shares of Class A common stock
to such parties in exchange for them agreeing not to redeem their public shares at the meeting. As a result of the foregoing, public holders
of an aggregate of 25,577,957 public shares exercised their right to redeem their public shares (leaving an aggregate of 2,022,043 public
shares outstanding after the meeting) resulting in payment to such holders of an aggregate of 258,248,749 in cash, leaving 20,363,831
in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022. 

December 30, 2022, the Sponsor voluntarily converted 6,540,000 shares
of Class B common stock of the Company it held as of such date into 6,540,000 shares of Class A common stock of the Company in accordance
with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. As a result of the foregoing and the results of the Meeting, the Company has
an aggregate of 8,562,043 shares of Class A common stock outstanding and 360,000 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 

1 

Effecting a Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently
engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time. The Company will not generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the IPO. We intend to utilize cash derived
from the proceeds of our IPO and the private placement of Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these
in effecting a business combination. Although substantially all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of Private Placement
Warrants are intended to be applied generally toward effecting a business combination, the proceeds are not otherwise being designated
for any more specific purposes. A business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need
substantial additional capital but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem
to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time delays, significant expense, loss of voting control
and compliance with various Federal and state securities laws. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with
a company that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous
business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to
effect only a single business combination. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We anticipate that target
business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment
funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls
or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis,
since many of these sources will have read this Annual Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors,
as well as their affiliates, and our other stockholders may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware
of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade
shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily
be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors. We may also determine to
engage the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on a formal basis, in which event
we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on
the terms of the transaction. If we decide to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our officers,
directors or initial stockholders, we will do so only if we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from
a financial point of view. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of a Business Combination 

Subject to the limitations
that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80 of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding deferred underwriting
fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial
business combination, as described below in more detail, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and
selecting a prospective target business. We have not established any other specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for
prospective target businesses. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management may consider a variety of factors, including
one or more of the following: 

financial
condition and results of operation; 

growth
potential; 

brand
recognition and potential; 

experience
and skill of management and availability of additional personnel; 

capital
requirements; 

2 

competitive
position; 

barriers
to entry; 

stage
of development of the products, processes or services; 

existing
distribution and potential for expansion; 

degree
of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services; 

proprietary
aspects of products and the extent of intellectual property or other protection for products or formulas; 

impact
of regulation on the business; 

regulatory
environment of the industry; 

costs
associated with effecting the business combination; 

industry
leadership, sustainability of market share and attractiveness of market industries in which a target business participates; and 

macro
competitive dynamics in the industry within which the company competes. 

These criteria are not
intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant,
on the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent
with our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will
encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other
information which is made available to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third
parties we may engage, although we have no current intention to engage any such third parties. 

The time and costs required
to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently be ascertained with
any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which
a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise
complete a business combination. 

Fair Market Value of Target Business 

Pursuant to NYSE listing
rules, the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance
of the funds in the trust account (excluding deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account)
at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, although we may acquire a target business
whose fair market value significantly exceeds 80 of the trust account balance. We currently anticipate structuring a business combination
to acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure a business combination
where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business
in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such
business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting
securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue
a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target.
In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number
of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding
shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses
are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, only the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what
will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. In order to consummate such an acquisition, we may issue a significant
amount of our debt or equity securities to the sellers of such businesses and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering
of debt or equity securities. Since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not entered into any such fund
raising arrangement and have no current intention of doing so. The fair market value of the target will be determined by our board of
directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings,
cash flow and/or book value). If our board is not able to independently determine that the target business has a sufficient fair market
value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, as to the fair market value if our board
of directors independently determines that the target business complies with the 80 threshold. 

3 

Lack of Business Diversification 

Our business combination
must be with a target business or businesses that collectively satisfy the minimum valuation standard at the time of such acquisition,
as discussed above, although this process may entail the simultaneous acquisitions of several operating businesses at the same time.
Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating in multiple industries
or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from
the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may: 

subject
us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the
particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and 

result
in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited
number of products, processes or services. 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our
purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us,
and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target
Business Management 

Although we intend to
scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of the target business management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that
the future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated with any
certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with
us following a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business
combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if they are
able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place
simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash
payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. Additionally,
our officers and directors may not have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

Following a business
combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure
you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability
to Approve an Initial Business Combination 

In connection with any
proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called
for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed
business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of
taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and
thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. If we determine to
engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each stockholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather
than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of
a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in
our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction
would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. In the case of a tender offer, we will file tender offer documents with the
SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under
the SEC s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001
upon such consummation and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in
favor of the business combination. 

4 

Redemption Rights 

At any meeting called
to approve an initial business combination, public stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for
or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, for their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less any
taxes then due but not yet paid. Alternatively, we may provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares of common
stock to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share
of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to 20 or more
of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering. Such a public stockholder would still be entitled to vote against a proposed business
combination with respect to all shares owned by him or his affiliates. 

Our initial stockholders,
officers and directors will not have redemption rights with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or indirectly. 

We may also require
public stockholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates
to our transfer agent at any time through the vote on the business combination or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically
using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. Any proxy solicitation
materials that we furnish to stockholders in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we
are requiring stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time the stockholder
received our proxy statement through the vote on the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his
redemption rights. Under Delaware law and our bylaws, we are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any stockholder meeting,
which would be the minimum amount of time a stockholder would have to determine whether to exercise redemption rights. 

There is a nominal cost
associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer
agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming
holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to
tender their shares prior to a specified date. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless
of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders seeking to exercise redemption
rights to tender their shares prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is
not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. 

Any request to redeem
such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination. Furthermore, if a holder of
a public share delivers his certificate in connection with an election of their redemption and subsequently decides prior to the vote
on the business combination not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate
(physically or electronically). 

If the initial business
combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights
would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we
will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. 

Liquidation if No Business Combination 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation currently provides that we will have only until August 11, 2023 to complete our initial business combination.
If we do not complete a business combination by such date and our stockholders do not otherwise approve an extension of time to consummate
an initial business combination, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. In connection with our redemption of 100 of our outstanding public shares for a portion
of the funds held in the trust account, each holder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust
account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our taxes payable on such funds, less up to 100,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses and which interest shall be net of
taxes payable (subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors). At such time, the warrants
will expire, holder of warrants will receive nothing upon a liquidation with respect to such warrants and the warrants will be worthless. 

5 

Under the Delaware General
Corporation Law, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received
by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the
redemption of 100 of our outstanding public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required
time period may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set
forth in Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims
against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period
during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating
distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser
of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability
of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro
rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our public shares in
the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution
under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution,
instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution. If we are unable to complete a business combination within the
prescribed time frame, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our
remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our
intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our deadline and, therefore, we do not intend to comply
with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by
them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not
be complying with Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law
requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims
or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather
than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely
claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. 

We will seek to have
all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage) and any prospective target businesses enter into valid and enforceable
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account.
As a result, the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in
any liability extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not
have a significant impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless, there
is no guarantee that vendors, service providers and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. In the event that a potential
contracted party was to refuse to execute such a waiver, we will execute an agreement with that entity only if our management first determines
that we would be unable to obtain, on a reasonable basis, substantially similar services or opportunities from another entity willing
to execute such a waiver. Examples of instances where we may engage a third party that refused to execute a waiver would be the engagement
of a third party consultant who cannot sign such an agreement due to regulatory restrictions, such as our auditors who are unable to
sign due to independence requirements, the underwriters, who have not waived their rights to indemnification provided by us under the
underwriting agreement, or other third parties whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be superior to those
of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or a situation in which management does not believe it would be able to find
a provider of required services willing to provide the waiver. There is also no guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements
with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to pay debts and obligations
to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold
to us. However, the agreement entered into by our Sponsor specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity given: it will have
no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as
to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. As a result, we cannot assure you that the per-share distribution from the trust account, if we liquidate
the Trust Account because we have not completed a business combination within the required time period, will not be less than 10.00. 

6 

In the event that the
proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public
share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce such indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent
directors would take legal action on our behalf to enforce these indemnification obligations, it is possible that our independent directors
in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due
to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per share. 

If we file a bankruptcy
petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could
be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with
priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we
will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable
debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a
result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself
and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of
creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public stockholders
are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within the required time period, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if
we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period or in connection with certain amendments to our charter
prior thereto or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of our initial business combination.
In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek
stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the business
combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share
of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights and followed the procedures described above and
as detailed in the applicable proxy or tender offer materials. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours.
Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or
through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources
will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable
target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. 

The following also may
not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: 

our
obligation to seek stockholder approval of a business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; 

our
obligation to convert or repurchase shares of common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for
a business combination; 

our
obligation to pay the underwriters in our Initial Public Offering deferred underwriting commissions of an aggregate fee of up to 3.5 
of the gross proceeds of the offering upon consummation of our initial business combination; and 

our
outstanding warrants and unit purchase options, and the potential future dilution they represent. 

7 

In recent years, and
especially since the fourth quarter of 2020, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased
substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination,
and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many
such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time,
more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

If we succeed in effecting
a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot assure
you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Employees 

We have four executive
officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much
time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target
business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly,
once management locates a suitable target business to acquire, they will spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating
and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time to our affairs) than they would prior to locating a suitable
target business. We presently expect each of our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary
to our business. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. 

Facilities 

Our executive offices
are located at c/o Graubard Miller, The Chrysler Building, 405 Lexington Avenue, 44 th Floor, New York, New York 10174, and
our telephone number is (212) 818-8800. Since inception, the Company has utilized office space provided by its counsel at no
cost. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate
for our current operations. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our securities involves
a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in
this Annual Report, the prospectus associated with our Initial Public Offering and the registration statement of which such prospectus
forms a part before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition
and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors described below are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform
your own investigation with respect to us and our business. 

Risks Relating to Searching for and Consummating
a Business Combination 

Our stockholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even
though a majority of our stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote
before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require stockholder approval under applicable
law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were
paying in the transaction was all cash, we would not be required to seek stockholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except
for as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed
business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion,
and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority
of our shares of common stock do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

8 

Your only opportunity to affect the
investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to convert your shares to
cash. 

Since our board of directors may complete
a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the
business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding
our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your conversion rights within the period of time (which will be at least
20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business
combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of
our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business
combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Our Sponsor, initial stockholders, officers
and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, as well as any public shares purchased after our Initial Public Offering (including
in open market and privately-negotiated transactions), in favor of our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders own approximately
76 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, we would not need any public shares to be voted in favor of an
initial business combination in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares in order to approve such a business combination.
Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders and management
team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder
approval for such initial business combination. 

Our initial stockholders control a
substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner
that you do not support. 

Our initial stockholders own approximately
76 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder
vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of Class A common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated
transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial stockholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors,
have any current intention to purchase additional securities. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would
include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members
were elected by our initial stockholders, is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term for three years
with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors
prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until
at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board
of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their
ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert
control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

The ability of our public stockholders
to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make
it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination
transaction agreement with a prospective target business that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemptions rights, we may not be able to meet such closing condition
and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption
requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of the business
combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption
and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware
of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

9 

The ability of our public stockholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
or optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for
our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need
to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial
business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us
to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements,
or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected,
we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing.
Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize
our capital structure. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption
rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemption, the amount held in trust will continue
to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 

The ability of our public stockholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination agreement
requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash
at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination
is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in
need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at
a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment
or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with the redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the
open market. 

The requirement that we complete our
initial business combination by August 11, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution
deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business with which
we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by
August 11, 2023 (unless such date is subsequently extended by stockholders pursuant to a charter amendment). Consequently, such target
business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination
with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk
will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may
enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We may not be able to complete our
initial business combination within the required time period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
currently provides that we must complete our initial business combination by August 11, 2023. We may not be able to complete an initial
business combination by such date. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market
conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business
combination within such time period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the trust account not previously
released to us (to pay our tax obligations and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of
then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements
of applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we have agreed that we will not utilize any funds from the Trust Account to pay any
potential excise taxes that may become due upon a redemption of our public shares in connection with our liquidation if we are not able
to effect a business combination prior to the termination date. 

10 

If we are unable to consummate our initial
business combination by August 11, 2023, our public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond such date before redemption proceeds may
be paid from our trust account. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial
business combination by August 11, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders in an amendment to the charter), the
proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the trust account not previously released to us (to pay our
tax obligations and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares,
as further described herein. Any redemption of public stockholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the
trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public stockholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding
up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the DGCL. In that case, investors may be forced to wait
beyond August 11, 2023 before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their
pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our
redemption or liquidation unless we seek to amend our certificate of incorporation as described herein or consummate our initial business
combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A common stock. Only upon our
redemption or any liquidation will public stockholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business
combination. 

We do not have a specified maximum
redemption threshold. The absence of such a threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which
a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we consummate an initial business combination
if holders exercising redemption rights would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or
upon consummation of the business combination (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a
result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders have
redeemed their shares. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common
stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed
business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or convert any
shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may
search for an alternate business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of
our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to
purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce
the public float of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in
privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination
(provided they comply with all applicable securities laws), although they are under no obligation to do so. However, other than as expressly
stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms
or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in
such transactions. 

In the event that our initial stockholders,
directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders
who have already elected to exercise their conversion rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections
to convert their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination
and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in
an agreement with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial
business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public
warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant
holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion
of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13
and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

In addition, if such purchases are made,
the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

11 

In connection with any stockholder
meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish to redeem their shares in connection
with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to
exercise their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. 

In connection with any stockholder meeting
called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless of whether he is voting
for or against such proposed business combination, to demand that we redeem his shares for a pro rata share of the trust account as of
two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination. We may require public stockholders who wish to redeem
their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to either (i) tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer
agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) System, at the holders option, prior to the vote on the business combination with the specific deadline set forth
in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. In order to obtain a physical share
certificate, a stockholder s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this request.
It is our understanding that stockholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer
agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than
two weeks to obtain a physical share certificate. While we have been advised that it takes a short time to deliver shares through the
DWAC System, we cannot assure you of this fact. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for stockholders to deliver their
shares, stockholders who wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their redemption rights and thus may be unable
to convert their shares. 

If, in connection with any stockholder
meeting called to approve a proposed business combination, we require public stockholders who wish to redeem their shares to comply with
specific requirements for redemption, such redeeming stockholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event
that the proposed business combination is not approved. 

If we require public stockholders who wish
to redeem their shares to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion and such proposed business combination is not consummated,
we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. 

Accordingly, investors who attempted to redeem
their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until we have returned their
securities to them. The market price for our shares of common stock may decline during this time and you may not be able to sell your
securities when you wish to, even while other stockholders that did not seek redemption may be able to sell their securities. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice
of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures
for tendering its shares, such shares may not be converted. 

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender
offer rules, as applicable, when conducting conversions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with
these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such stockholder may
not become aware of the opportunity to convert its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures
that must be complied with in order to validly convert or tender public shares. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with
these procedures, its shares may not be converted to cash. 

If we seek stockholder approval of
our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group 
of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 20 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares
in excess of 20 of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such
stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13
of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold
in the Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business
combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally,
you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. As a
result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell
your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

12 

Because of our limited resources and
the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion
of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment
partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend
to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly
or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess
greater technical, human and other resources or more industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited
when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire
with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect
to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent
competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated
to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction
with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for
our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion
of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business
or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our initial stockholders or management
team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial
business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. 

We are not limited to evaluating a target
business in any particular industry sector (except that we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be
permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations).
As a result, there is no current basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business operations,
results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially
unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business
and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control
and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot
assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such
opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following
our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a
remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers
or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under
securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained
an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities
in any industry our management chooses (which industries may be outside of our management s areas of expertise). 

We may consider a business combination with
a target business operating in any industry our management chooses. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in
the Initial Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event
we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise
may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding the areas
of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result,
our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any securityholders
who choose to remain securityholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such securityholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

13 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow or earnings, which could subject
us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected
by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings
and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not
have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability
to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm, or another valuation or appraisal firm that commonly renders fairness opinions, and consequently,
you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our stockholders from a
financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial business combination
with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another valuation
or appraisal firm that commonly renders fairness opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders from a financial point
of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair
market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

We may issue additional shares of Class A
common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of
our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the founder shares at
a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution
provisions contained therein. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of up to 125,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 25,000,000 shares of Class B
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 per share. There are 116,437,957 and 24,640,000
authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance, which
amount does not take into account shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B common stock or upon exercise of outstanding warrants.
The Class B common stock is automatically convertible into Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination
at a one-for-one ratio subject to adjustment as set forth herein. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and
outstanding. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
shares of Class A common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan
after completion of our initial business combination. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among
other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof
to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or any amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the rights granted to public stockholders in the Initial Public Offering,
including but not limited to conversion rights. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of
common stock or preferred stock: 

may
significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering; 

may
subordinate the rights of holders of Class A common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded
our Class A common stock; 

could
cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of Class A common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things,
our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
and directors; and 

may
adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, shares of Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

14 

A provision of our warrant agreement
may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If: 

(i) we
issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the
closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance
to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founders shares held by them prior to such issuance)
(the Newly Issued Price 

(ii) the
aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, inclusive of interest earned on equity
held in trust, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), and 

(iii) the
volume weighted average trading price of our Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior
to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 

then the exercise price of the warrants will
be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger
price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This
may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the
date of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the Initial
Public Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed
that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption
from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our
inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing
while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock; 

using
a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
on our Class A common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
and 

limitations
on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of
our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

15 

We may be unable to obtain additional
financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel
us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
stockholder may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Although we believe that the net proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial
business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for
any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to
be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search
of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection
with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination.
We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves
to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction
or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available
for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing
to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business.
The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target
business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our
initial business combination. 

Resources could be wasted in researching
acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with
another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata
portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each
specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not
to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not
be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business
combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs
incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are
unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in
the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may only be able to complete one
business combination, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or
services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We may not be able to effectuate our initial
business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues
and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial
condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination
with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments.
Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike
other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a
single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent
upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject
us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular
industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

16 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete
business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and
give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire
several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business
is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our
ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the
additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in
a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results
of operations. 

We may need additional funds to consummate
an initial business combination and there is no assurance such funds will be available to us. 

If we are required to seek additional capital,
we would need to borrow funds from our initial stockholders, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate.
Neither our initial stockholders, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds
to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released
to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business
combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement
warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our initial
stockholders, members of our management team or an affiliate of our initial stockholders or members of our management team as we do not
believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our
trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us,
we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive an estimated
 10.00 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Because we must furnish our stockholders
with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination
with some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy
statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro
forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with
our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required
to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or
GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on
the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential
target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements
in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Our search for a business combination,
and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing
effects of COVID-19 and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. 

COVID-19 has adversely affected, and other
events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect,
the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business
combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns
relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s
personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our
search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the disruptions
posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other
infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of
a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

17 

In addition, our ability to consummate a
transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other
events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of
increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition
companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets.
This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate
an initial business combination. 

In recent years and especially since the
fourth quarter of 2020, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential
targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many
special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently
in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more
resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there are more special
purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available
targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial
terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions,
or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This
could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination,
and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination
Company 

Subsequent to our completion of our
initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that
could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause you
to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct due diligence on a target
business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues with a particular target business,
that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the
target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure
our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully
identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary
risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity,
the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition,
charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held
by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain
stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely
to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our
officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim
under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained
an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

We may have a limited ability to assess
the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business
whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact
the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business management may
be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore,
may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any securityholders who choose to remain securityholders following
the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such securities are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value. 

18 

There may be tax consequences to our
business combinations that may adversely affect us. 

While we expect to undertake any merger or
acquisition so as to minimize taxes both to the owners of the acquired business and us, such business combination might not meet the
statutory requirements of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon
a transfer of shares or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of substantial taxes.
Additionally, depending on the date and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that at least 60 of our adjusted ordinary
gross income may consist of personal holding company income. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of
individuals, including the members of our initial stockholders and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds,
and charitable trusts, it is possible that more than 50 of our stock will be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership
rules) by such persons during the last half of a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not become a personal holding
company following the Initial Public Offering or in the future. If we are or were to become a personal holding company in a given taxable
year, we would be subject to an additional personal holding company tax, currently 20 , on our undistributed taxable income, subject
to certain adjustments. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on stockholders. 

We may, in connection with our initial business
combination and subject to requisite stockholder approval under the DGCL, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company
or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a stockholder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction
in which the stockholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to
make any cash distributions to stockholders to pay such taxes. Stockholders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect
to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

Our ability to successfully effect
our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some
of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and
profitability of our post-combination business. 

Prior to the completion of an initial business
combination, our operations will be dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers
and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed
our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of
time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including
identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on
the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive
officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

The role of our key personnel in the target
business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior
management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target
business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination,
we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the
requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become
familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an initial business combination candidate may resign upon
completion of our initial business combination. The departure of an initial business combination target s key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial business combination candidate s
key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that
certain members of an initial business combination candidate s management team will remain associated with the initial business
combination candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an initial business
combination candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

19 

Members of our management team have been,
may be, or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings. The defense or prosecution of these matters could
be time-consuming and could divert our management s attention, and may have an adverse effect on us. 

During the course of their careers, our officers
and directors have been, may be or may in the future become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings. Our officers
and directors also may become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings involving claims or allegations related to
or as a result of their personal conduct, either in their capacity as a corporate officer or director or otherwise, and may be personally
named in such actions and potentially subject to personal liability. Any such liability may or may not be covered by insurance and/or
indemnification, depending on the facts and circumstances. The defense or prosecution of these matters could be time-consuming. Any litigation,
investigations or other proceedings and the potential outcomes of such actions may divert the attention and resources of our officers
and directors away from our search for a target business and may negatively affect our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

Our management may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target
business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial business combination
so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not
meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior
to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we
would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of Class A
common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of Class A
common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting
in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may
make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 

If we pursue a target company with
operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection
with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination,
we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target a company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border
business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting
due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes
in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial business combination
with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international
setting, including any of the following: 

costs
and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange
listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
and trade barriers; 

20 

regulations
related to customs and import/export matters; 

local
or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer
payment cycles; 

tax
issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
of inflation; 

challenges
in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
and language differences; 

employment
regulations; 

underdeveloped
or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection
of intellectual property; 

social
unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime
changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist
attacks and wars; and 

deterioration
of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately address
these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete
such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

If our management following our initial
business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with
such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business combination,
our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the
time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities
laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar
with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our
operations. 

If we consummate a business combination
with a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, substantially all of our assets could be located
in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue could be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results
of operations and prospects could be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and
conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are ultimately located could affect our business. Economic growth
could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If
in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for
spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability
to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business
combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

21 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency
policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all
revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if
any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions
fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of
such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial
business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the
dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase,
which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

Risks Relating to our Management and Directors 

Our executive officers and directors
will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote
to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are
not required to, and do not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time
between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors
for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number
of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive
officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess
of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our
ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors 
other business affairs, please see Management. 

Our officers and directors presently
have fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which
entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial business
combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to
which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, our
officers and directors may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation
to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors 
business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Management Officers
and Directors and Management Conflicts of Interest. 

Our officers and directors may in the
future become affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us, including another
blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. 

Following the completion of the Initial Public
Offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with
one or more businesses. It is likely that our officers and directors will in the future become affiliated with entities that are engaged
in a similar business, including other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly,
they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts
may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us,
subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Delaware law. For a complete discussion of our officers 
and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Management Directors
and Executive Officers, Management Conflicts of Interest and Certain Relationships and Related Party
Transactions. 

22 

We may engage in a business combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our initial stockholders, executive
officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our initial
stockholders, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our
initial stockholders, executive officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other
entities, including, without limitation, those described under Management Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may
compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors are not currently aware of any
specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there
have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically
focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such
affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Proposed Business Effecting our initial business
combination Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination and such transaction was
approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion regarding the fairness
to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more businesses affiliated with our initial stockholders,
executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the
business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since our initial stockholders, executive
officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with
respect to public shares they may acquire during or after the Initial Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On October 6, 2020, our Sponsor paid 25,000 to
cover certain offering and formation costs of the company in exchange for 5,750,000 founder shares, or 0.004 per share. Our Sponsor subsequently
transferred certain shares to our officers and directors and other third parties, in each case at the same per-share purchase price
paid by our initial stockholders. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition,
our Sponsor purchased 7,270,000 warrants simultaneously with the Initial Public Offering at a price of 1.00 per warrant 7,270,000 in
the aggregate). If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, the private placement warrants
will expire worthless. In addition, we may obtain loans from our initial stockholders, our officers or directors, or any of their affiliates.
The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting
a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following our
initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of the Initial
Public Offering nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination. 

Our Sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000
for the founders shares. As a result, our Sponsor stands to make a substantial profit even if an initial business combination
subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public stockholders, and may have an incentive to recommend such an initial
business combination to our stockholders. 

As a result of the low acquisition cost of our
founders shares, our Sponsor, which is affiliated with certain our officers and directors, could make a substantial profit even
if we select and consummate an initial business combination with an acquisition target that subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable
for our public stockholders. Thus, they may have more of an economic incentive for us to enter into an initial business combination with
a riskier, weaker-performing or financially unstable business, or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings,
than would be the case if our Sponsor had paid the full offering price for the founders shares. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination
may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with
our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination
and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would
render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention
or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. 

23 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

You do not have any rights or interests
in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced
to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders are entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then
only in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to convert, subject to the limitations
described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period or (B) with respect to any
other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) the
redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period, subject
to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of
any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to
the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

The NYSE may delist our securities
from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional
trading restrictions. 

Our units and Class A common stock are
listed on the NYSE. On February 28, 2023, we received a written notice (the Notice from the staff of NYSE Regulation of
the NYSE indicating that the Staff has determined to commence proceedings to delist our units and Class A Common Stock from the NYSE pursuant
to Section 802.01B of the NYSE s Listed Company Manual because we had fallen below the NYSE s continued listing standard requiring
a listed acquisition company to maintain an average aggregate global market capitalization attributable to its publicly-held shares over
a consecutive 30 trading day period of at least 40,000,000. We have requested a review of this determination but there is no assurance
we will be successful in overturning this determination. 

Additionally, in connection with our initial
business combination, we will likely be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s initial listing requirements, which
are more rigorous than the NYSE s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities
on the NYSE. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our stockholders equity
would generally be required to be at least 4.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing
requirements at that time. 

If the NYSE delists any of our securities
from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities
could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse
consequences, including: 

a
limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
liquidity for our securities; 

a
determination that our Class A common stock are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A
common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
for our securities; 

a
limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement
Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on the NYSE, our units,
Class A common stock and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating
the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and,
if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case.
Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would
be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

24 

We have not registered the shares of
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time,
and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able
to exercise its warrants and causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We have not registered the shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under
the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the
closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act covering
such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants
until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be
able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration
statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC
issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required
to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis,
and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon
such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, unless an exemption is available.
Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to take such action as is necessary to register or qualify
for sale the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants in such states, to the extent an exemption is
not available. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant,
or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares
underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of
the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled
to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants
as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included
in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If you exercise your public warrants
on a cashless basis, you will receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to
exercise such warrants for cash. 

There are circumstances in which the exercise
of the public warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis. For instance, if we call our warrants for redemption,
we can force all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Additionally, If a registration statement covering the shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of our
initial business combination, warrantholders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement, exercise warrants
on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In the event of an exercise on
a cashless basis, a holder would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A
common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (as defined
in the next sentence) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value of our Class A common stock for the
above purpose shall mean the volume weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following
the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair
market value no later than one business day after the 10 trading day period described above ends. In no event will the warrants be exercisable
in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment).
As a result, you would receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants
for cash. 

The private placement warrants may
be exercised at a time when the public warrants may not be exercised. 

Once the private placement warrants become
exercisable, such warrants may immediately be exercised on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, so long as they are held by
our sponsor or its permitted transferees. The public warrants, however, will only be exercisable on a cashless basis at the option of
the holders if we fail to register the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act within 60 days following
the closing of our initial business combination. Accordingly, it is possible that the holders of the private placement warrants could
exercise such warrants at a time when the holders of public warrants could not exercise their warrants. 

25 

The grant of registration rights to
our initial stockholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination,
and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant to an agreement that was entered
into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the Initial Public Offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted
transferees can demand that we register the resale of their securities. The registration rights are exercisable with respect to the founder
shares, the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. We
will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for
trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence
of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders
of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the
negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders
and holders of our private placement warrants or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

The securities in which we invest the
funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such
that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The proceeds held in the trust account are
and will continue to be held as cash items (including in demand deposit accounts) or invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations
with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the
Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations
currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe
and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the
possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial
business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our public stockholders are
entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid
or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates
could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders
may be less than 10.00 per share. 

We may not have sufficient funds to
satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify our officers
and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever.
Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the
trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may
discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an
action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds
in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed
as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of
punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the
trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws
as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek
to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its
fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

26 

If, before distributing the proceeds
in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that
would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the
trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy
estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims
deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection
with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Our stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
initial business combination within the required time period may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation
complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all
claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the
corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period
before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our
public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the expiration of the time available to us to consummate our initial business combination
in the event we do not complete such an initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280,
Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment
of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution.
However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations are limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or
prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders
with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount
distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.
We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could
potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders
may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public
stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required
time period is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful
(potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown),
then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful
redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

Provisions in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be
willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests.
Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class
of directors being elected in each year. As a result, at a given annual meeting only a minority of the board of directors may be considered
for election. Since our staggered board may prevent our stockholders from replacing a majority of our board of directors
at any given annual meeting, it may further entrench management and discourage unsolicited stockholder proposals that may be in the best
interests of stockholders. Moreover, our board of directors has the ability to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred
stock. 

27 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of
management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive
forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum
for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our certificate of incorporation requires
that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers and employees
for breach of fiduciary duty, and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except
any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject
to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court
of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other
than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity
purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the
forum provisions in our certificate of incorporation. 

This choice of forum provision may make it
more costly, or limit a stockholder s ability, to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us
or any of our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. We cannot be certain that
a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of forum provision
contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated
with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides
that the exclusive forum provision is applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27
of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any
duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition,
the exclusive forum provision does not apply to actions brought under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants
in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding
public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the
number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants are issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake,
including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement
set forth in the prospectus associated with our Initial Public Offering, or defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders
of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders
of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least
50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants
with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments
to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease
the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants
prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding
warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the
last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing
once the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption
to the warrant holders and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise
our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. As a result, we may redeem the public warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants.
Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time
when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise
wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called
for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants
are redeemable by us (except under certain circumstances) so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

28 

In addition, unlike many other similarly
structured blank check companies, we have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants 90 days after they become exercisable for 0.10
per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders are able to exercise their warrants
prior to redemption for a number of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our
Class A common stock and provided certain other conditions are met. We would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe
it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay fair market value to the warrant holders. We
can also redeem the warrants in this manner if we believe it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position
while providing warrant holders with fair market value in the form of shares of Class A common stock. Any such redemption may have
similar consequences to the redemption described in the above paragraph. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the warrants are out-of-the-money, in which
case you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Class A common stock had your warrants
remained outstanding. Finally, this redemption feature provides a ceiling to the value of your warrants since it locks in the redemption
price in the number of Class A common stock to be received if we choose to redeem the warrants for common stock. 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued warrants to purchase 5,520,000
shares of our Class A common stock as part of the units offered by the prospectus associated with our Initial Public Offering and
simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 7,270,000 private placement
warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. In addition, if our initial stockholders,
officers, directors or their affiliates make any working capital loans, they may convert those loans into up to an additional 1,500,000
private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. To the extent we issue common stock to effectuate a business transaction,
the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants
could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of
issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock and reduce the value of the Class A common stock issued to complete the
business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of
acquiring the target business. 

General Risks 

We are a company with no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We have no operating results. Our only activities
through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, and identifying
a target for our Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business
Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account.
We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well
as for due diligence expenses. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective of completing our initial business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

If we are deemed to be an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be
restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
on the issuance of securities, 

each of which may make it difficult for us
to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
as an investment company; 

adoption
of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

29 

In order not to be regulated as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business
other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding
or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and
cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the
post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from
their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal
activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be held as cash
items (including in demand deposit accounts) or invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7(d) promulgated under
the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee
is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having
a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner
of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of
the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the
completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period; or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholder rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent
an initial business combination within the required time period, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders
as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to
the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory
burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the
funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, on March 30,
2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under
the Investment Company Act of 1940. The SEC s proposed rules would provide a safe harbor for companies like our company from the
definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that they satisfy certain
conditions that limit a company s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The duration component of the proposed
safe harbor rule would require the company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that it has entered into an agreement
with the target company (or companies) to engage in an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date
of the company s registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial
business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering.
The SEC has indicated that it believes that there are serious questions concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to
special purpose acquisition companies, including a company like ours, that does not complete its initial business combination within
the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made in the future
that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. It is also possible that the investment of funds from the IPO during
our life as a blank check company, and the earning and use of interest from such investment, both of which will likely continue until
we consummate an initial business combination, could increase the likelihood of us being found to have been operating as an unregistered
investment company more than if we sought to potentially mitigate this risk by holding such funds as cash. If the Company was deemed
to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act and found to have been operating as an unregistered investment
company, it could cause the Company to liquidate. If weare forced to liquidate, investors in the Company would not be able to participate
in any benefits of owning stock in an operating business, including the potential appreciation of our stock following such a transaction
and our warrants would expire worthless. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or
a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete
our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements.
Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on
our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination, and results of operations. 

30 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed
rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating
companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; effectively limiting the
use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing the potential liability of
certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation
under the Investment Company Act of 1940. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely
affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

We are an emerging growth company and
smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to
compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company
for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our shares
of Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that
time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors
will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there
may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private
companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities
registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides
that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies
but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that
when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth
company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards
used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain
a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million
as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end
of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make
comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and
increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K .
Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we
remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we
seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy
of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

31 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed
at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including
information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we deal. Sophisticated
and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties
or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data.
As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such
occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to,
cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business
and lead to financial loss or inability to consummate an initial business combination. 

Adverse developments affecting the
financial services industry could adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, either directly or through
adverse impacts on certain of our vendors and customers. 

Adverse developments that affect financial
institutions, such as events involving liquidity that are rumored or actual, have in the past and may in the future lead to bank failures
and/or market-wide liquidity problems. These events could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations,
either directly or through an adverse impact on certain of our vendors and customers. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank
was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank was put into receivership. Since that time, there have
been reports of instability at other U.S. banks, including First Republic Bank. Although the Federal Reserve Board, the Department of
the Treasury and the FDIC have taken steps to ensure that depositors at Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank can access all of their
funds, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts, and have taken additional steps to provide liquidity to other banks, there
is no guarantee that, in the event of the closure of other banks or financial institutions in the future, depositors would be able to
access uninsured funds or that they would be able to do so in a timely fashion. 

To date, we have not experienced any adverse impact to
our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations as a result of the events described above. However, failures of other banks
or financial institutions may expose us to additional risks, either directly or through the effect on vendors or other third parties,
and may lead to significant disruptions to our operations, financial condition and reputation. Moreover, uncertainty remains over liquidity
concerns in the broader financial services industry. Our business may be adversely impacted by these developments in ways that we cannot
predict at this time, there may be additional risks that we have not yet identified, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid
negative consequences directly or indirectly from any failure of one or more banks or other financial institutions. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTY 

Our executive offices are located at c/o
Graubard Miller, The Chrysler Building, 405 Lexington Avenue, 44 th Floor, New York, New York 10174, and our telephone number
is (212) 818-8800. Since inception, the Company has utilized office space provided by its counsel at no cost. We consider our
current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

32 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our units and common stock are listed on the
NYSE under the symbols PICC and PICC.U, respectively. Our warrants are listed on the OTC Exchange under the
symbol PICC WS . Our units commenced public trading on Tuesday, February 9, 2021 and the common stock and warrants commenced
separate public trading on April 4, 2021. 

Holders 

As of March 29, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units,
six holders of record of our common stock and two holders of record of our warrants. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any
cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination
will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings,
if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable
future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities;
Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

On February 11, 2021, we consummated our
IPO of 27,600,000 Units, including 3,600,000 Units subject to the underwriters over-allotment option. Each Unit consisted of one
share of Class A common stock and one-fifth of one redeemable Warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder to
purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating
gross proceeds of 276,000,000. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. acted as joint book-running managers
of the offering. The securities sold in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (File
Nos. 333-252063 and) which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 8, 2021, and a
registration statement on Form S-1MEF (No. 333-333-252872) which became effective automatically upon filing on February 8,
2021. 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO,
we consummated the Private Placement of 7,270,000 Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds
of 7,270,000. The Private Warrants were sold to Pivotal Investment Holdings III LLC, our Sponsor. The Private Warrants are identical
to the warrants included in the units sold in the IPO, except that the Private Warrants are non-redeemable and may be exercised
on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 

Following the closing of the IPO on February 11,
2021, an amount of 276,000,000 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private
Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ). 

Transaction costs amounted
to 15,695,537, consisting of 5,520,000 of underwriting fees, 9,660,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 515,537 of other offering
costs. 

On December 30, 2022, we held a special meeting
of stockholders to approve a proposal to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which we had
to consummate a business combination from February 11, 2023 to August 11, 2023. Such proposal was approved at the meeting and as a result,
we now have until August 11, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination. In connection with the special meeting, the Sponsor entered
into agreements with several unaffiliated third parties and agreed to transfer an aggregate of 409,051 shares of Class A common stock
to such parties in exchange for them agreeing not to redeem their public shares at the meeting. As a result of the foregoing, public holders
of an aggregate of 25,577,957 public shares exercised their right to redeem their public shares (leaving an aggregate of 2,022,043 public
shares outstanding after the meeting) resulting in payment to such holders of an aggregate of 258,248,749 in cash, leaving 20,363,831
in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

33 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of
the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements
and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements.
Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including
those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under
the laws of the State of Delaware on October 6, 2020, for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business
Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock,
debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant
costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations
nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities
and those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues
until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income
on marketable securities held after the Initial Public Offering. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being
a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection
with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we
incurred net income of 13,076,743, which primarily consisted of change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 11,511,000, and interest
earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 3,698,012, offset by formation and operating costs of 1,433,094 and provision
for income taxes of 699,175. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021,
we incurred net income of 1,545,775, which primarily consisted of change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 4,012,220 and interest
earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 79,120, offset by, formation and operating costs of 2,018,960, transaction
costs of 526,599, and unrealized loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 6. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On February 11, 2021, we consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 27,600,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per Unit, which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of
its over-allotment option in the amount of 3,600,000 Units, generating gross proceeds of 276,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 7,270,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a price of 1.00 per
Private Placement Warrant generating gross proceeds of 7,270,000. 

Following the Initial Public Offering, and
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of 276,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 15,695,537 in transaction
costs, including 5,520,000 of underwriting fees, 9,660,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 515,537 of other offering costs. 

We intend to use substantially all of the
funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less deferred underwriting
commissions and income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in
whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used
as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net
cash used in operating activities was 1,321,420. Net income of 13,076,743 was affected by change in fair value of warrant liabilities
of 11,511,000 and interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 3,698,012., Changes in operating assets and liabilities
provided 810,849 of cash for operating activities. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021,
cash used in operating activities was 695,540. Net income of 1,545,775 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held
in the Trust Account of 79,120, unrealized loss on marketable securities held in trust account of 6, the change in the fair value of
the warrant liabilities of 4,012,220 and transaction costs associated with the warrants of 526,599. Changes in operating assets and
liabilities provided 1,323,420 of cash for operating activities. 

34 

At December 31, 2022, we had marketable
securities held in the Trust Account of 278,664,377 (including 2,664,377 of interest income on marketable securities held in trust
account), of which 258,248,749 is due to stockholders for their December 30, 2022 redemption. Interest income on the balance in the
Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we have withdrew an amount of 1,112,748 on the interest earned
from the Trust Account to pay tax obligations. 

We intend to use the funds held outside
the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review
corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we may
repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a Business Combination does not
close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from
our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business
Combination entity, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement
Warrants. 

If we are unable to raise such additional
capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to,
curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance
that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the
issuance date of the financial statements. 

Going Concern 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until
August 11, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination
by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date and an extension has not been requested by the Sponsor and approved
by the Company s stockholders, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has
determined that the low cash balance as well as the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur and an extension not
requested by the Sponsor, and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to
liquidate after August 11, 2023. The Company intends to continue to search for and seek to complete a Business Combination before the
mandatory liquidation date. The Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation date as of the time of filing of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital
lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than described below. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred
fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 9,660,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will be forfeited by the underwriters solely in the event that
the Company fails to complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

35 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ
from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Warrant Liabilities 

The company assessed its warrants under
ASC 480-25, Distinguishing liabilities from equity and ASC 815-40 Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity . The Company accounts for the Public Warrants (as defined below) and Private Placement Warrants (collectively, the
 Warrants as derivative liabilities. A provision in the Warrant Agreement related to certain tender or exchange offers
precludes the Warrants from being accounted for as components of equity. As the Warrants meet the definition of a derivative as contemplated
in ASC 815, the Company accounts for Warrants for shares of the Company s common stock that are not indexed to its own stock as
derivative liabilities at fair value on the balance sheets and measured at fair value at inception (on the date of the Initial Public
Offering) and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, with changes in fair value recognized in the statements of operations
in the period of change. 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our common stock subject
to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Shares of Class A Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument
and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable shares of Class A common stock (including common stock that features redemption
rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within
our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common
stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future
events. Accordingly, shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity,
outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. 

We recognize changes in redemption value
immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each
reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the remeasurement from initial
book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable common stock resulted in charges against additional
paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share 

We comply with accounting and disclosure
requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A
common stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of stock. Net income (loss) per
common share is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding for the respective
period. We did not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the initial public offering and the private placement
in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per common share because their exercise is contingent upon future events. As a result, diluted
net income (loss) per common share is the same as basic net income (loss) per common share. Remeasurement associated with the redeemable
Class A common stock is excluded from income (loss) per common share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any other
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of the financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 

Making estimates requires management to
exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of
circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change
in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. One of the more significant accounting estimates included in these financial
statements is the determination of the fair value of the warrant liabilities. Such estimates may be subject to change as more current
information becomes available and, accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 

36 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

This information appears following Item
15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that
are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)under
the Exchange Act) were not effective, due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s
accounting for complex financial instruments and related party transactions. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed
necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial
statements included in this Annual Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows for the period presented. 

Management has identified a material weakness
in internal controls related to the accounting for complex financial instruments and review of related party transactions. While we have
processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to continue to enhance our system of evaluating
and implementing the accounting standards that apply to our financial statements, including through enhanced analyses by our personnel
and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications, including the identification and disclosure
of related party transactions. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance
that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Management s Report on Internal
Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations
implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance
with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of our company, 

37 

(2) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
 and 

(3) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based
on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. 

Management has implemented remediation steps
to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities
and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification
of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with
the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not
include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.
 OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

38 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our current directors
and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jonathan
 J. Ledecky 
 
 65 
 
 Chairman 
 of the Board 
 
 Kevin
 Griffin 
 
 46 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 James
 H.R. Brady 
 
 58 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Greg
 Racz 
 
 53 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Katrina
 Adams 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Katherine
 Oliver 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Sarah
 Sclarsic 
 
 39 
 
 Director 
 
 Kristen
 Dumont 
 
 49 
 
 Director 

Jonathan
J. Ledecky has served as our Chairman of the Board of Directors since our inception
and served as our Chief Executive Officer from our inception until January 2021. Mr. Ledecky has been a co-owner of the National Hockey
League s New York Islanders franchise since October 2014. He also serves as an Alternate Governor on the Board of Governors of the
NHL and as President of NY Hockey Holdings LLC. Mr. Ledecky has served as chairman of Ironbound Partners Fund LLC, a private investment
management fund, since March 1999. He served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Northern Star Acquisition Corp. from September
2020 until it consummated an initial business combination with Barkbox, Inc. in June 2021 and served as a director from such date until
November 2022. He has also served as President and Chief Operating Officer of the President and Chief Operating Officer of Northern
Star Investment Corp. II since November 2020 and of Northern Star Investment Corp. III and Northern Star Investment Corp. IV since November
2020. He has also served as a Director and the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Yale Transaction Finders, Inc.,
a shell company, since March 2022. He was also the Chief Executive Officer and chairman of the board of directors of Pivotal II, a blank
check company like our company that raised 230,000,000 in its initial public offering in July 2019 and consummated its initial business
combination with XL Fleet Corp., a provider of fleet electrification solutions for commercial vehicles in North America, in December
2020. Mr. Ledecky has continued to serve on the board of directors of XL following the merger. Mr. Ledecky was also Chief Executive
Officer and chairman of the board of directors of Pivotal I, a blank check company like our company that raised 230,000,000 in its initial
public offering in February 2019. In December 2019, Pivotal I consummated its initial business combination with KLDiscovery, a leading
global provider of eDiscovery, information governance and data recovery solutions to corporations, law firms, insurance companies and
individuals. He served as President and Chief Financial Officer and as a director of Newtown Lane Marketing, Incorporated from October
2015 until it consummated its merger with Cyxtera Cybersecurity, Inc. (d/b/a AppGate), a cybersecurity company, in October 2021. He has
continued to serve as a director of the company (now Appgate Inc.) since such date. Mr. Ledecky also served as a member of the board
of directors of Propel Media, Inc., a digital media holding company, from January 2015 to January 2019. From July 2005 to December 2007,
Mr. Ledecky served as president, secretary and a director of Endeavor Acquisition Corp., a blank check company that completed its
initial business combination with American Apparel, Inc. From January 2007 to May 2009, he served as president, secretary and a director
of Victory Acquisition Corp., a blank check company that was unable to consummate an initial business combination. He also served as president,
secretary and a director of Triplecrown Acquisition Corp., a blank check company, from June 2007 until it completed its initial business
combination with Cullen Agricultural Technologies, Inc. in October 2009. During 2007, he also served as president, secretary and director
of Grand Slam Acquisition Corp., Performance Acquisition Corp. and Endeavour International Acquisition Corp., three similarly structured
blank check companies that never completed their initial public offerings due to market conditions at the time. Mr. Ledecky founded
U.S. Office Products in October 1994 and served as its chief executive officer until November 1997 and as its chairman until its sale
in June 1998. U.S. Office Products was one of the fastest start-up entrants in the history of the Fortune 500 with sales in
excess of 3 billion within its first three years of operation. From 1999 to 2001, Mr. Ledecky was vice chairman of Lincoln
Holdings, owners of the Washington sports franchises in the NBA, NHL and WNBA. In addition to the foregoing, Mr. Ledecky served as
chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Consolidation Capital Corporation from its formation in February 1997 until March
2000 when it merged with Group Maintenance America Corporation. Mr. Ledecky also has served as a trustee of George Washington University,
a director of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and a commissioner on the National Commission on Entrepreneurship and currently serves as a
trustee of the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Foundation. In 2004, Mr. Ledecky was elected the Chief Marshal of the 2004 Harvard University
Commencement, an honor bestowed by his alumni peers for a 25th reunion graduate deemed to have made exceptional contributions to Harvard
and the greater society while achieving outstanding professional success. Mr. Ledecky received a B.A. (cum laude) from Harvard University
in 1979 and a M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School in 1983. 

We believe Mr. Ledecky is well-qualified
to serve as a member of the board due to his public company experience, including with other similarly structured blank check companies,
business leadership, operational experience and contacts. 

39 

Kevin Griffin has served
as our Chief Executive Officer and President since January 2021 and a member of our board of directors since our inception. Mr. Griffin
has been designated as a director by Pivotal Spac Funding III LLC, a managing member of our sponsor, pursuant to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. Mr. Griffin served as a member of Pivotal II s board of directors from April 2019 until it consummated
its business combination with XL Fleet in December 2020 and has continued to serve on the board of directors of the combined company
since such time. He also served as a member of the board of directors of Pivotal I from September 2018 until it consummated its
initial business combination with KLDiscovery in December 2019 and has continued to serve on the board of directors of the combined company
since such time. During Mr. Griffin s 20-year career, Mr. Griffin has originated and invested over 5 billion
across the capital structure of middle market businesses and has also sat on numerous boards of directors. Mr. Griffin founded MGG
Investment Group in October 2014 and has served as its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer since such time. Prior to
launching MGG Investment Group, Mr. Griffin was a Managing Director with Highbridge Principal Strategies from January 2010 to June
2014, where he was a senior member of the Specialty Lending Platform and a Member of the Highbridge Credit Committee. Prior to this,
Mr. Griffin was the Head of Private Investing for Octavian Funds, a hedge fund focused on global investing across debt and equity
structures, from 2007 to 2009. From 2003 to 2007, Mr. Griffin was part of Fortress Investment Group in charge of originating and
underwriting investment opportunities for the Drawbridge Special Opportunities Fund. Prior to Fortress, Mr. Griffin was an investor
with one of the first publicly traded business development companies, American Capital, where he was involved in numerous equity buyout
and subordinated debt investments. Mr. Griffin began his career with Houlihan Lokey Howard Zukin s Investment Banking
Division, focusing primarily on distressed M A and financial restructurings. The M A Advisor in May 2015 named Mr. Griffin
a winner of its 40 Under 40 Emerging Leaders Award. The Hedge Fund Journal, in association with Ernst Young, in December 2016
named Mr. Griffin one of 50 Tomorrow s Titans . Mr. Griffin received a BSBA in Finance from Georgetown University.
We believe Mr. Griffin is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board due to his business and operational experience and contacts
and his prior experience with Pivotal I, KLDiscovery Pivotal II and XL Fleet. 

James H.R. Brady has served as our Chief Financial Officer since our inception. He also
served as Chief Financial Officer of Northern Star Acquisition Corp. from July 2020 until its business combination with Barkbox, Inc.
in June 2021. He has also served as Chief Financial Officer Northern Star Investment Corp. III since November 2020 and of Northern Star
Investment Corp. IV since November 2020. He also served as Chief Financial Officer of Pivotal II from its inception until its merger with
XL and served as Chief Financial Officer of Pivotal I from September 2018 until its merger with KLDiscovery. Since 2014, Mr. Brady has
provided financial and strategic services to growth companies. From 2017 to 2021, he was Chief Financial Officer of Airside Mobile, a
technology company. From 2014 to 2017, he was Vice President for VSL Pharmaceuticals, a probiotic company. From 2013 to 2014, Mr. Brady
was the Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel of Sweetgreen, a high-growth healthy, fast casual restaurant chain. From 2011 to 2013,
Mr. Brady was Executive Vice President Finance and Legal for Audax Health Solutions, a digital health/social media company. From
2009 to 2011, he was Executive Counsel of ODIN Technologies, a RFID software company. Mr. Brady previously served as a corporate and securities
attorney with the firms of Hogan Hartson and Hunton Williams. Mr. Brady received a BA from the College of William and Mary,
a JD from the George Washington National Law Center and a MBA from Darden Graduate School of Business at the University of Virginia. 

Greg Racz 
has served as our Chief Operating Officer since January 2021. Mr. Racz has been President, Chief Legal Officer and a co-founder of MGG
Investment Group LP since its inception in October 2014. Prior to joining MGG, he was President, Principal, and Chief Legal Officer of
Hutchin Hill Capital, a multi-billion multi-strategy hedge fund, from January 2010 to December 2013. Prior to joining Hutchin Hill, Mr.
Racz co-founded Octavian Advisors, LP, a multi-billion multi-strategy investment fund, and served as its President, Chief Operating Officer,
and general counsel from February 2006 to December 2009. Mr. Racz was also a member of the corporate department of the law firm Wachtell,
Lipton, Rosen Katz from 1999 to 2006, where he advised on corporate, securities, and compliance matters for Fortune 500 businesses,
investment firms, and institutional and high net worth clients, including ConocoPhillips, General Mills, Walt Disney Company, Citigroup,
JPMorgan Chase, Fox Paine, Warburg Pincus, a Washington State Investment Board affiliate, and owners of the New Jersey Devils. Prior
to Wachtell, Mr. Racz clerked for the D.C. Circuit, U.S. Court of Appeals, was a journalist at The Wall Street Journal and The Buffalo
News, and worked at the Manhattan D.A. s Office. He is a member of the Board of Trustees Investment Committee of the NYU
School of Law Foundation, and was a term member of the Council on Foreign Relations. He is a member of the Pensions Investments
Research Advisory Panel. Mr. Racz received his JD, Order of the Coif, magna cum laude, from NYU School of Law and his BA, magna cum laude
and Phi Beta Kappa, from Dartmouth College. Mr. Racz also studied at Oxford University and Leningrad State University. 

40 

Katrina Adams has served
as a member of our board of directors since January 2021. Ms. Adams previously served as a member of the board of directors of Pivotal
II from December 2018 until its business combination with XL Fleet in December 2020 and served as a member of the board of directors
of Pivotal I from April 2019 until its business combination with KLDiscovery in December 2019. Ms. Adams has served as the Immediate
Past President of the U.S. Tennis Association since January 2019. She was Chairman of the Board and President of the U.S. Tennis Association
from January 2015 to January 1, 2019. She also served as Chairman of the U.S. Open during this time. Ms. Adams is the first
African-American, first former professional tennis player and youngest person to serve as President in the organization s 135-year history.
She is also the first individual to serve a second two-year term as Chairman of the Board and President. In 2015, Ms. Adams
was elected Vice President of the International Tennis Federation and in 2016, she was appointed Chairman of the Fed Cup Committee, which
governs the Fed Cup, the largest annual international team competition in women s sport. She also serves on the board of directors
for the International Tennis Hall of Fame. An accomplished tennis professional, Ms. Adams played for 12 years on the Women s
Tennis Association tour, where she ranked as high as No. 67 in the world in singles and No. 8 in doubles, winning 20 career
doubles titles and reaching the quarterfinals or better in doubles at all four Grand Slam events. While an active pro, Ms. Adams
served on the board of directors of the Women s Tennis Association as a player representative for four one-year terms
and on the Women s Tennis Association s Players Association for five two-year terms. After leaving the tour, Ms. Adams
was a USTA National Tennis Coach from 1999 to 2002. She also joined the USTA s Board of Directors in 2005, serving as a Director
at Large and as the association s Vice President and First Vice President before assuming the presidency. She was named the Intercollegiate
Tennis Association ITA Rookie of the Year in 1986 and an NCAA All-American in 1986 and 1987. She also became
the first African-American to win the NCAA doubles title in 1987. Among her many accolades, Ms. Adams was honored with the WTA s
Player Service Award in 1989, 1996 and 1997, and she received the WTA Althea Gibson Award in 2003. In addition, she was inducted into
the Northwestern Hall of Fame in 1998, the USTA Midwest Section Hall of Fame in 2005, the Chicago District Tennis Hall of Fame in 2008,
the Black Tennis Hall of Fame in 2012, the ITA Women s Tennis Hall of Fame in 2014 and the USTA Eastern Section Tennis Hall of
Fame in 2015. She was also named one of the 25 Influential Black Women in Business by The Network Journal and as one of
Sports Business Daily s Game Changers in 2015. In 2016, she was inducted into the Boys Girls Clubs of
America Alumni Hall of Fame. In addition to her duties with the USTA, Ms. Adams is a contributor on CBS Sports Network s first all-female sports
show, We Need to Talk. She also serves as a television analyst for Tennis Channel and as a contributor to Tennis magazine
and tennis.com, providing instructional articles and videos. Moreover, since 2005, Ms. Adams has served as the Executive Director
of the Harlem Junior Tennis and Education Program, a National Junior Tennis Learning network chapter based in New York City.
Ms. Adams attended Northwestern University, majoring in communications, before deciding to leave school and focus on her professional
tennis career. We believe Ms. Adams is well qualified to serve as a member of the board due to her business experience, including
with Pivotal II, and contacts. 

Katherine Oliver has
served as a member of our board of directors since January 2021. Ms. Oliver brings over 25 years of media and entertainment experience
to her appointment. She is known for her innovative branding strategies, business development expertise, creativity, and an understanding
and commitment to customer service. Ms. Oliver is a founding Principal at the global philanthropic consulting firm Bloomberg Associates,
which was established by former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg in 2013 to help improve the lives of citizens in cities around
the world. Ms. Oliver oversees the media and technology portfolio, advising mayors and international civic leaders on economic development
and public communications strategies and helping them harness the power of media and technology to improve government services. Ms. Oliver
also advises a diverse range of corporate, cultural and non-profit organizations, including Bloomberg L.P., on cutting-edge
content creation and marketing strategies. Katherine manages Bloomberg Philanthropies television portfolio producing documentary
films about climate change, gun safety, public health and arts and culture. She is also responsible for giving grants to filmmakers and
supporting not for profit organizations and museums dedicated to story-telling and creative expression. She is currently on the board
of the new Academy Museum in LA and serves on the board of the Ghetto Film School, the Paley Center and the Center for Communication.
From 2002 to 2013, Ms. Oliver served under Mayor Bloomberg as New York City s Commissioner of Media Entertainment.
During her tenure, New York s media and entertainment industry saw its strongest growth in history, supporting 130,000 jobs and
generating direct spending of 7.1 billion annually. Prior to her appointment as Commissioner, Ms. Oliver was the General Manager
of Bloomberg Radio Television from 1996 to 2002. Prior to that she worked as a producer and on-air reporter and
starting member of Bloomberg Radio and Television from 1993-1996. Ms. Oliver sits on the board of directors for The Chefs 
Warehouse, Inc. (NASDAQ: CHEF) and 1-800-Flowers.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: FLWS). We believe Ms. Oliver is well qualified to
serve on our board of directors due to her extensive knowledge of branding, content creation, and marketing strategy. 

41 

Sarah Sclarsic has
served as a member of our board of directors since January 2021. Ms. Sclarsic previously served as a member of the board of directors
of Pivotal II from June 2019 until its business combination with XL Fleet in December 2020 and she has continued to serve as a board
member of the combined company since such time. Ms. Sclarsic is a technology entrepreneur and advisor, consulting for companies
in a wide range of areas, from drone delivery to financial software to gene therapy, advising them on fundraising, business strategy,
key hires and communications. Since September 2018, Ms. Sclarsic has been conducting research at the MIT Media Lab, an interdisciplinary
research laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology that encourages the unconventional mixing and matching of seemingly
disparate research areas. From July 2016 to September 2018, Ms. Sclarsic served as Vice President of Operations of Sentieo, Inc.,
a producer of software for investors to research and analyze information on public companies. From 2013 to May 2016, she was the founding
Business Director at Modern Meadow, Inc., a biotechnology company which developed methods to grow leather without animals. From 2011
to 2013, she was an independent consultant. In 2009, she co-founded Getaround, Inc., a carsharing company, and served as its
Director of Operations until 2010. Ms. Sclarsic received a B.A. in bioethics from Harvard University. We believe Ms. Sclarsic
is well qualified to serve as a member of the board due to her business experience, including with Pivotal II and XL Fleet, and contacts. 

Kristen Garcia
Dumont has served as a member of our board of directors since July 2021. Ms. Dumont has served as the Chief Executive Officer
of Aspyre Inc., a pseudonymous social network leveraging artificial intelligence and short-form video to empower authentic and safe self-expression,
since she founded the company in December 2020. From January 2015 to July 2020, she was with Machine Zone, a mobile gaming company, first
serving as its Chief Operating Officer and later serving as Chief Executive Officer and a board member. Prior to this, she was a partner
at the law firms of Goodwin Procter LLC from 2012 to 2015 and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich Rosati from 1997 to 2012. She currently serves
on the board of directors of Global Compute Infrastructure and Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. IV and serves as a board advisor for 8VC
and Sky s the Limit Fund. She received a B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley, and a J.D. from Santa Clara University
School of Law. 

Number and terms of office of officers
and directors 

Our board of directors consists of six members
and is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those
directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class
of directors, consisting Kristen Garcia Dumont and Katherine Oliver, expired at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of
office of the second class of directors, consisting of Katrina Adams and Sarah Sclarsic, will expire at our second annual meeting of stockholders.
The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Jonathan J. Ledecky and Kevin Griffin, will expire at our third annual
meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of
directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is
authorized to appoint such officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Executive officer and director compensation 

After the completion of our initial business
combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined
company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or
tender offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any
limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the
amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination because the directors of the post-combination
business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive
officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure
that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although
it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain
with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their
positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe
that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining
factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

42 

Corporate Governance 

NYSE rules require that we follow certain
corporate governance requirements described herein, including having a majority of our board of directors be independent and maintaining
certain committees of our board of directors. More than 50 of the founder shares are held by our initial stockholders. This permits
us to be considered a controlled company under NYSE rules and allow us to avoid certain of the foregoing corporate governance
requirements. Nevertheless, we will not use the related exemptions to the NYSE corporate governance rules under the controlled company
standard. 

Director Independence 

NYSE listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. 

Our board of directors
has determined Ms. Adams, Ms. Oliver and Ms. Sclarsic are independent directors as defined in the listing standards and
applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Any affiliated transactions
will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors will review and approve
all affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

Audit Committee 

Effective February 8,
2021, we established an audit committee of the board of directors, in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, which
consists of Katrina Adams, Kristen Garcia Dumont, Katherine Oliver and Sarah Sclarsic, each of whom is an independent director under
NYSE s listing standards. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but
are not limited to: 

reviewing
and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether
the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; 

discussing
with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation
of our financial statements; 

discussing
with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring
the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying
the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible
for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing
and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring
and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all
audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of
the services to be performed; 

appointing
or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining
the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the
independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing
procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or
reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving
reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

43 

Financial Experts on Audit Committee 

The audit committee
will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined
under NYSE s listing standards. In addition, we must certify to NYSE that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least
one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other
comparable experience or background that results in the individual s financial sophistication. Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Ms. Adams qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

Nominating Committee 

Effective February 8,
2021, we established a nominating committee of the board of directors, which consists of Katrina Adams, Kristen Garcia Dumont, Katherine
Oliver and Sarah Sclarsic, each of whom is an independent director under the NYSE s listing standards. The nominating committee
is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers
persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting
nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should
have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should
possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring
a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should
have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The Nominating Committee
will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background, and integrity and professionalism
in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills
or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider
the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not
distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

There have been no material
changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 

Compensation Committee 

Effective February 8,
2021, we established a compensation committee of the board of directors, which consists of Katrina Adams, Kristen Garcia Dumont, Katherine
Oliver and Sarah Sclarsic, each of whom is an independent director under NYSE s listing standards. The compensation committee s
duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating
our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

44 

reviewing
our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
management in complying with our proxy statement and Annual Report disclosure requirements; 

approving
all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers
and employees; 

if
required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
evaluating, and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Code of Ethics 

Effective February 8, 2021 we adopted a code
of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors, and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical
principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Compensation 

None of our executive
officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We may pay consulting, finder or success fees
to our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates for assisting us in consummating our initial business combination.
In addition, our initial stockholders, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management, or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished
to our shareholders. The amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider an initial
business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as
required by the SEC. 

Since our formation,
we have not granted any stock options or stock appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive plans to any of our
executive officers or directors. 

45 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table
sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this Annual Report by: 

each
person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each
of our officers and directors; and 

all
of our officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned by
them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the warrants included in the units offered in the IPO or
the Private Placement Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date hereof. 

Name and address of beneficial owner(1) 
 Amount and nature of beneficial ownership(2) 
 Approximate percentage of outstanding common stock 
 
 Jonathan J. Ledecky (2) 
 6,540,000 
 76.40 
 
 Kevin Griffin (2) 
 6,540,000 
 76.40 
 
 James H.R. Brady 
 120,000 

Katrina Adams 
 60,000 

Katherine Oliver 
 60,000 

Sarah Sclarsic 
 60,000 

Kristen Dumont 
 60,000 

Greg Racz 

Pivotal Investment Holdings III LLC 
 6,540,000 
 76.40 
 
 All officers and directors as a group (six individuals) 
 6,900,000 
 20.0 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless
otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is The Chrysler Building, 405 Lexington Avenue, 44 th 
floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(2) Represents
shares owned directly by Pivotal Investment Holdings III LLC, and indirectly by its two managing members: Ironbound Partners Fund, LLC,
an affiliate of Jonathan J. Ledecky, the Issuer s Chairman; and Pivotal Spac Funding III LLC, an affiliate of MGG Investment Group,
LP, whose Chief Executive Officer is Kevin Griffin, the Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Issuer. Each of Ironbound Partners
Fund, LLC, Mr. Ledecky, Pivotal Spac Funding III LLC, MGG Investment Group, LP, and Mr. Griffin disclaim beneficial ownership of the
securities held by Pivotal Investment Holdings III LLC, except to the extent of his or its pecuniary interest therein. 

46 

The founder shares, private placement warrants
and any shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in
the agreements entered into by our initial stockholders and management team. Those lock-up provisions provide that
such securities are not transferable or salable (i) in the case of the founder shares, until the earlier of (A) one year after
the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the closing price of
the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial
business combination and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation,
merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their Class A
common stock for cash, securities or other property and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective shares
of Class A common stock underlying such warrants, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination except
in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliate or family member of any of our officers or directors, any affiliate
of our initial stockholders or to any member of the initial stockholders or any of their affiliates, (b) in the case of an individual,
as a gift to such person s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such person s immediate
family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent
and distribution upon death of such person; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order;
(e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection
with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares or warrants were originally purchased;
(f) by virtue of the laws of the State of Delaware or our initial stockholders limited liability company agreement upon dissolution
of our initial stockholders, (g) in the event of our liquidation prior to our consummation of our initial business combination;
or (h) in the event that, subsequent to our consummation of an initial business combination, we complete a liquidation, merger,
share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their Class A
common stock for cash, securities or other property; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted
transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained
in the letter agreements. 

The holders of the founder shares, private
placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans will have registration rights to require
us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement executed in connection with the
Initial Public Offering. These holders are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register
such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have piggy-back registration rights to include
their securities in other registration statements filed by us. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit
any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which
is described in the prospectus under Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants. 

Mr. Ledecky and
Mr. Griffin are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

As of December 31,
2022, we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the registrant were
authorized for issuance. 

Non-Redemption Agreements 

The Company entered into Non-Redemption Agreements
with various stockholders pursuant to which these stockholders have committed not to redeem its Pivotal III shares until the closing of
the Business Combination. In consideration of this agreement, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer a portion of its Founder shares to the
Non-Redeeming Stockholders at the closing of the Business Combination. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the 409,051 founders
shares attributable to the Non-Redeeming Stockholders to be 163,620 or 0.40 per share. Each Non-Redeeming Stockholder acquired from
the Sponsor an indirect economic interest in the founder shares. The excess of the fair value of the founder shares was determined to
be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. The Company accounted for the transfer of a portion of the
Sponsor s founders shares to non-redeeming stockholders as a capital contribution by the Sponsor with a corresponding charge to
additional paid-in capital to recognize the fair value of the shares transferred. 

47 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

In October, 2020 our
Sponsor paid 25,000, or 0.004 per share, to cover certain offering and formation costs of the company in exchange for 5,750,000 founder
shares. In February 2021, we effected a dividend of approximately 0.2 shares for each outstanding share, resulting in there being an
aggregate of 6,900,000 founder shares outstanding. On December 30, 2022, the Sponsor voluntarily converted 6,540,000 shares of Class
B common stock of the Company it held as of such date into 6,540,000 shares of Class A common stock of the Company in accordance with
the Charter. As a result of the foregoing and the results of the Meeting, the Company has an aggregate of 8,562,043 shares
of Class A common stock outstanding and 360,000 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 

All of the founders 
shares were placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as escrow agent, until the earlier of (A) one
year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the closing
price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150
days after our initial business combination and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which
we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right
to exchange their Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property and (ii) in the case of the private placement
warrants and the respective shares of Class A common stock underlying such warrants, until 30 days after the completion of our initial
business combination except in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliate or family member of any of our officers
or directors, any affiliate of our initial stockholders or to any member of the initial stockholders or any of their affiliates, (b) in
the case of an individual, as a gift to such person s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such
person s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual,
by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such person; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified
domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement
or in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares or warrants
were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of the laws of the State of Delaware or our initial stockholders limited liability
company agreement upon dissolution of our initial stockholders, (g) in the event of our liquidation prior to our consummation of
our initial business combination; or (h) in the event that, subsequent to our consummation of an initial business combination, we
complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right
to exchange their Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through
(f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other
restrictions contained in the letter agreements. 

Our Sponsor purchased
an aggregate of 7,270,000 Private Placement Warrants for a total purchase price of 7,270,000. The Private Placement Warrants are identical
to the public warrants except that the Private Placement Warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised
for cash or on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees. The Sponsor
has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Warrants and underlying securities (except to certain permitted
transferees) until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

In order to meet our
working capital needs following the consummation of our IPO, our initial stockholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may,
but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion.
Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination,
without interest, or, at holder s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of 1.00
per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that the initial business combination does
not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from
our trust account would be used for such repayment. 

48 

The holders of our founders 
shares, as well as the holders of the Private Placement Warrants and any warrants our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their
affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities), are entitled to registration
rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders
of the majority of the founders shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior
to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private warrants and
warrants issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights
at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights
with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred
in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Related Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics,
which we adopted upon consummation of our IPO, requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result
in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party
transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in
any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee
for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member,
of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as
a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when
a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts
of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her
position. 

We also require each
of our directors and executive officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information
about related party transactions. 

Our audit committee,
pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such
transactions. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will
be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require
prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board
who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal
counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent 
directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect
to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete
a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are
intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest
on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

Director Independence 

Currently Ms. 
Adams, Ms. Dumont, Ms. Oliver, and Ms. Sclarsic would each be considered an independent director under the NYSE listing
rules, which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual
having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise
of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings
at which only independent directors are present. 

49 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES
AND SERVICES. 

The following is a summary of fees paid
or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of
fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided
by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit
of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other
required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 92,185 and 109,000, respectively. The above
amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related
services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not
required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for
consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees . We paid Marcum 8,240 and
 0 for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum
for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although
any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our
audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services
to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services
described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

50 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
AND SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as
part of this report: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

PIVOTAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION III 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-20 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Pivotal Investment Corporation III 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Pivotal Investment Corporation III (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements,
the , the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination, and the Company s cash and working
capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

PIVOTAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION
III 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Redemption payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 7) 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption and shares outstanding at redemption value of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

PIVOTAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION
III 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income(expenses): 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income, net 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

PIVOTAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION
III 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2022 AND 2021 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Remeasurement adjustment on redeemable common stock 

Sale of 7,270,000 Private Placement Warrants 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Conversion from Class B to Class A 

Contribution Shareholder
 non-redemption agreements 

Shareholder non-redemption
 agreements 

Remeasurement adjustment on redeemable common stock 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

PIVOTAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION
III 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Proceeds from promissory notes related party 

Repayment of promissory notes related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning 

Cash Ending 

Supplementary cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Remeasurement adjustment on redeemable common stock 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Expenses paid by affiliate 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included
in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option
in the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant 
and, collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement
to Pivotal Investment Holdings III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and entity affiliated with certain of the Company s
officers (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 5. 

,
consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the
Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ),
invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16)of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself
out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the
earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s
stockholders, as described below, except that interest earned on the Trust Account can be released to the Company to pay its tax obligations. 

F- 7 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (net of amounts previously
disbursed to management for tax obligations and excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in the Trust Account) at
the time of the agreement to enter into an initial Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company is not then listed
on the NYSE for whatever reason, it would no longer be required to meet the foregoing fair market value test. The Company intends
to only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect
a Business Combination. 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account and not previously released to the Company). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination
with respect to the Company s warrants. 

either immediately prior to or upon the consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or
other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the conversions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however,
stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal
reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant
to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the holders of Founder
Shares (as defined below in Note 6) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 6) and any Public Shares purchased
during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect
to redeem their Public Shares, without voting, and if they vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business
Combination. 

or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of its Public Shares
if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights
or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public
Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

F- 8 

shares of common stock valued at , or per share,
to such parties in exchange for them agreeing not to redeem their public shares at the Meeting. As a result of the foregoing, effective
December 30, 2022, public holders of an aggregate of public shares exercised their right to redeem their public shares (leaving
an aggregate of public shares outstanding after the Meeting) resulting in payment to such holders of an aggregate of 
in cash and payable as of December 31, 2022. The redemptions were paid on January 6, 2023. 

shares of Class B common stock of the Company it held as of such date into shares of Class
A common stock of the Company in accordance with the Charter. As a result of the foregoing and the results of the Meeting,
the Company has an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock outstanding and shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 

of interest to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining
stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the
Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if
the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

). 

F- 9 

per share or (ii) the actual amount per public share held
in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value
of the trust assets. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the
underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries
of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation
itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value
of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations
are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the
same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

in its operating bank accounts, in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination
or to repurchase or redeem its common stock in connection therewith, of which is due to stockholders as part of the extension
vote which occurred on December 30, 2022, and working capital deficit of . As of December 31, 2022, approximately 
of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income, which is available to pay the Company s tax obligations. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

were charged to stockholders deficit upon the completion
of the Initial Public Offering and were expensed as of the date of the Initial Public Offering. 

and then allocated the remaining proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs of 
to the Class A common stock. On December 30, 2022, public holders of an aggregate of public shares exercised their right to
redeem their public shares. Following the shareholder redemption vote, the value of the shares is reflected as a redemption
payable. The remaining of shares not redeemed are reflected in temporary equity, as these shares are subject to redemption upon
the occurrence of events not solely within the Company s control. 

shares of
Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock the Sponsor held shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 

F- 12 

shares in the
calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events
and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per common stock

F- 13 

. The Company had not experienced losses on this account. 

Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of
 Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-fifth of one
redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common
stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 9). 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase
price of in a private placement. Each Private Placement Warrant will be exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common
stock at an exercise price of . The proceeds from the sale of Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the Initial
Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the
proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law), and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. As a result of the difference between the purchase price
of the Private Placement Warrants of and the fair value of , the Company recorded a change of which is recorded
in the change in fair value of warrant liability for the period ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded a change of . 

to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration for 
shares of the Company s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares ). Our Sponsor subsequently transferred certain shares
to our officers and directors and other third parties in each case at the same per-share purchase price paid by our initial stockholders.
On February 8, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of shares of Class B common stock for each outstanding share of Class
B common stock resulting in there being an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding. The Founder Shares will automatically convert
into Class A common stock upon the consummation of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustments as described
in Note 7. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the holders to the extent that the
underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the initial stockholders will own, on an as-converted
basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriters 
election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, no Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture. 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or
(y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in
all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

F- 14 

for payment of expenses in 2021 on behalf of the Company. 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant.
The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

per month, or in total, if a Business Combination was closed at any time prior to February 22,
2022. For the period ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid approximately in fees related to these services.
Effective September 30, 2021, this agreement was terminated. 

founders shares attributable
to the Non-Redeeming Stockholders to be or per share. Each Non-Redeeming Stockholder acquired from the Sponsor an indirect
economic interest in the founder shares. The excess of the fair value of the founder shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance
with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. The Company accounted for the transfer of a portion of the Sponsor s founders shares to
non-redeeming stockholders as a capital contribution by the Sponsor with a corresponding charge to additional paid-in capital to recognize
the fair value of the shares transferred. 

Remaining life of SPAC 

Underlying stock price 

Probability of transaction 

F- 15 

per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will be forfeited by the
underwriters solely in the event that the Company fails to complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

founders
shares attributable to the Non-Redeeming Stockholders to be or per share. Each Non-Redeeming Stockholder acquired from
the Sponsor an indirect economic interest in the founder shares. The excess of the fair value of the founder shares was determined to
be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. The Company accounted for the transfer of a portion of the
Sponsor s founders shares to non-redeeming stockholders as a capital contribution by the Sponsor with a corresponding charge to
additional paid-in capital to recognize the fair value of the shares transferred. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations,
voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A, par value common stock. Holders of the Company s shares of Class A common
stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding,
 of which are presented as temporary equity. At December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued
and outstanding, all of which are presented as temporary equity. On December 30, 2022, public holders of an aggregate of public
shares exercised their right to redeem their public shares. Following the shareholder redemption vote, the value of the shares
is reflected as a redemption payable. The remaining of shares not redeemed are reflected in temporary equity, as these shares
are subject to redemption upon the occurrence of events not solely within the Company s control. 

shares of Class B, par value common stock. Holders of the Company s
common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. On December 30, 2022, the Sponsor voluntarily converted shares of Class
B common stock of the Company it held as of such date into shares of Class A common stock of the Company in accordance with
the Charter. As a result, the Company has an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022.
As of December 31, 2021 there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

F- 16 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial
Public Offering, net of conversions, plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in
connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a
Business Combination, any private placement-equivalent securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination, any
private placement equivalent securities issued to the initial stockholders or their affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company).
Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common
stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

Unrealized loss on securities 

Start up Expenses 

Total deferred tax assets (liability) 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax assets (liability) 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income which do
not expire. 

. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

F- 17 

Prior Year True-Up 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Transaction Costs allocable to warrant liabilities 

Fair value of private warrant liability in excess of proceeds 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and , respectively, which is invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities. Through
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company withdrew an amount of and from the interest earned on the Trust Account to pay
franchise and income taxes, respectively. 

F- 18 

Liabilities: 

Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants 
 2 

Warrant Liability Public Warrants 
 1 

and , respectively, based on a fair value of per warrant. 

and , respectively, based on a fair value of per
warrant. 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Transfer to Level 1 

Change in fair value 

Transfer to Level 2 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

. The estimated value of the Private Placement Warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement
to a Level 2 measurements during the year ended December 31, 2021 was . 

F- 19 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

. Effective as of March 1, 2023, the Class A Common Stock and
units may be quoted and traded in the over-the-counter OTC market under the ticker symbols PICC and PICCU, 
respectively. 

F- 20 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(b) The following Exhibits are filed
as part of this report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws. 

3.3 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. 

4.5 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement from each of the Registrant s initial shareholders, officers and directors. 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement 

10.3 
 
 Indemnification Agreement. 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Incorporated
by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2021 

Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 (SEC File Nos. 333-252063 and 333-252872). 

Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2023 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

51 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to
the requirements of the Section 13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 30th day of March, 2023. 

PIVOTAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION III 

By: 
 /s/
 Kevin Griffin 

Kevin Griffin 

Chief Executive Officer 

In accordance
with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jonathan J. Ledecky 
 
 Chairperson of our board of directors 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 JONATHAN J. LEDECKY 

/s/ Kevin Griffin 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 KEVIN GRIFFIN 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ James H.R. Brady 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 JAMES H.R. BRADY 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Greg Racz 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 GREG RACZ 

/s/ Katrina Adams 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 KATRINA ADAMS 

/s/ Katherine Oliver 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 KATHERINE OLIVER 

/s/ Sarah Sclarsic 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 SARAH SCLARSIC 

/s/ Kristen Garcia Dumont 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 KRISTEN GARCIA DUMONT 

52 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_pivotalinv3.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

We are authorized to issue 150,000,000 shares of common stock, par
value 0.0001, including 125,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 25,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, as well as
1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001. 

The following description summarizes the material terms of our securities.
Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. For a complete description you should refer
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the form of warrant agreement, which are filed as exhibits (including
by incorporation) to the Current Report on Form 8-K we filed with the SEC on February 11, 2021, and the Registration Statement
on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333- 252063) we filed with the SEC on January 13, 2021, as amended on January 25,
2021 and February 2, 2021 (the Registration Statement in connection with our initial public offering (the IPO ),
and to the applicable provisions of Delaware law. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-fifth of one
warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share,
subject to adjustment. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares
of our Class A common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. For example,
if a warrant holder holds one-fifth of one warrant to purchase a share of Class A common stock, such warrant
will not be exercisable. If a warrant holder holds five fifths of a warrant, such whole warrant will be exercisable for one share of Class A
common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. 

The Class A common stock and warrants comprising the units began
separate trading on April 5, 2021. Holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities.
Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A common stock and warrants.
No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. 

Common stock 

Class A common stock 

Stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held
on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote
together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders except as required by law. 

Any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of
stockholders, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting,
without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of
outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting
at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted, and shall be delivered to us by delivery to our registered office
in the State of Delaware, our principal place of business, or one of our officers or agents having custody of the book in which proceedings
of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to our registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail,
return receipt requested. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent
shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one
class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of
stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with NYSE corporate governance requirements, we were not required to
hold an annual meeting until one year after our first full fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. We may not hold an annual
meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that,
at all times prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, Pivotal Spac Funding III LLC may designate a director to serve
on our board. Prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, amending our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or bylaws will require the approval of such designee and such designee s presence will be required to form a quorum of the board.
In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
transactions between the company and any managing member of our sponsor or any other officer, director or 5 stockholder of the company
or their respective affiliates will require the unanimous approval of the board, other than those transactions, payments or reimbursements
described in our prospectus. Pivotal Spac Funding III LLC, a managing member of our sponsor, has designated Kevin Griffin as a director.
Should Mr. Griffin cease to serve as a director prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, Pivotal Spac Funding
III LLC will have the right to designate his successor. 

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to convert
all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the trust account (less interest to pay our tax obligations), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is 10.00
per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be
reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have
entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their conversion rights with respect to their founder shares
and public shares (if any) in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

If a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to
hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain
substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required
under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of our initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other
person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act),
will be restricted from converting its shares with respect to Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders 
inability to convert the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and
such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such
stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination.
And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20 and, in order to dispose such shares would
be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business
combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares they hold in favor of our initial
business combination. 

2 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period set forth in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the trust account (to pay our tax obligations
and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if
any), subject to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to
our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable
law. Our initial stockholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
the required time period. However, if our initial stockholders or management team acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company
after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them
after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the shares of common
stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common
stock, except that public stockholders have the right to sell their shares to us in a tender offer or have their shares of common stock
converted to cash for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations, divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Public stockholders who
sell or convert their stock into their share of the trust account still have the right to exercise the warrants that they received as
part of the units. 

Class B common stock 

The shares of Class B Common stock are identical
to the shares of Class A Common stock, except that the Class B shares are automatically convertible into Class A common
stock at the time of our initial business combination, or at any time prior thereto at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject
to adjustment as described herein. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, the holders of
Class B common stock have agreed to vote their Class B shares and any public shares owned by them in favor of our initial business
combination. 

The Class B shares will automatically convert
into Class A common stock at the time our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable
for shares of Class A common stock, such as options, rights or warrants are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold
in our IPO and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which Class B shares will convert into shares
of Class A common stock will be adjusted unless waived by majority of Class B holders so that the number of shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon conversion of all Class B shares will equal, in the aggregate 20 of the sum of the shares of common stock
outstanding after completion of our IPO plus the number of shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked shares issued or deemed
issued in connection with our initial business combination (net of conversions), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued,
or to be issued, pursuant to the forward purchase contract, or to any seller in our initial business combination and any Private Warrants
or Working Capital Warrants issued to our Sponsor, officers and directors or any of their affiliates. 

Preferred stock 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes 1,000,000
shares of preferred stock and provides that preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors
are authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors are
able to, without stockholder approval, issue shares of preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting
power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors
to issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of
control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding at the date hereof. 

3 

Warrants 

Public warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share
of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination, provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available
(or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such
shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the
holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A
common stock. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common
stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement
under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating
thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable
and we will not be obligated to issue a share of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A common stock
issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence
of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied
with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value
and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not
effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit
solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than
fifteen (15) business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC
a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants. We will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 days and to maintain the effectiveness of
such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions
of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is
not effective by the sixtieth (60th) day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as
there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for
redemption: 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each
warrant holder; and 

if,
and only if, the reported closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period
commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant
holders. 

4 

If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our
redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. 

If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management
will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. 
In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider,
among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing
the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage
of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A
common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined
below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose will mean the average reported closing
price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of
redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain
the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants,
including the fair market value in such case. 

In addition to the foregoing redemption feature, commencing ninety
days after the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise
their warrants prior to redemption and receive that number of shares of Class A common stock to be determined by reference to the
table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock (as defined below)
except as otherwise described below; 

if,
and only if, the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice
of redemption to the warrant holders; 

if,
and only if, the private placement warrants are also concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants,
as described above; and 

if,
and only if, there is an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock (or a security
other than the Class A common stock into which the Class A common stock has been converted or exchanged for in the event we
are not the surviving company in our initial business combination) issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating
thereto available throughout the 30-day period after written notice of redemption is given. 

The numbers in the table below represent the number of shares of Class A
common stock that a warrant holder will receive upon exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature,
based on the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect
to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined based on the average of the last reported
sales price for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the
holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each
as set forth in the table below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A common stock shall include a security
other than Class A common stock into which the Class A common stock has been converted or exchanged for in the event we are
not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the tables below will not be adjusted solely as a result
of us not being the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 

5 

The stock prices set forth in the column headings of the table below
will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted as set forth herein. The
adjusted stock prices in the column headings will equal the stock prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a
fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and
the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table
below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Redemption Date 
 Fair Market Value of Class A Common Stock 
 
 (period to expiration of warrants) 
 10.00 
 11.00 
 12.00 
 13.00 
 14.00 
 15.00 
 16.00 
 17.00 
 18.00 
 
 57 months 
 0.233 
 0.255 
 0.275 
 0.293 
 0.309 
 0.324 
 0.338 
 0.350 
 0.361 
 
 54 months 
 0.229 
 0.251 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.323 
 0.337 
 0.350 
 0.361 
 
 51 months 
 0.225 
 0.248 
 0.269 
 0.288 
 0.305 
 0.321 
 0.336 
 0.349 
 0.361 
 
 48 months 
 0.220 
 0.243 
 0.265 
 0.285 
 0.303 
 0.320 
 0.335 
 0.349 
 0.361 
 
 45 months 
 0.214 
 0.239 
 0.261 
 0.282 
 0.301 
 0.318 
 0.334 
 0.348 
 0.361 
 
 42 months 
 0.208 
 0.234 
 0.257 
 0.278 
 0.298 
 0.316 
 0.333 
 0.348 
 0.361 
 
 39 months 
 0.202 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.275 
 0.295 
 0.314 
 0.331 
 0.347 
 0.361 
 
 36 months 
 0.195 
 0.222 
 0.247 
 0.271 
 0.292 
 0.312 
 0.330 
 0.346 
 0.361 
 
 33 months 
 0.187 
 0.215 
 0.241 
 0.266 
 0.288 
 0.309 
 0.328 
 0.345 
 0.361 
 
 30 months 
 0.179 
 0.208 
 0.235 
 0.261 
 0.284 
 0.306 
 0.326 
 0.345 
 0.361 
 
 27 months 
 0.170 
 0.199 
 0.228 
 0.255 
 0.280 
 0.303 
 0.324 
 0.343 
 0.361 
 
 24 months 
 0.159 
 0.190 
 0.220 
 0.248 
 0.274 
 0.299 
 0.322 
 0.342 
 0.361 

21 months 
 0.148 
 0.179 
 0.210 
 0.240 
 0.268 
 0.295 
 0.319 
 0.341 
 0.361 
 
 18 months 
 0.135 
 0.167 
 0.200 
 0.231 
 0.261 
 0.289 
 0.315 
 0.339 
 0.361 
 
 15 months 
 0.120 
 0.153 
 0.187 
 0.220 
 0.253 
 0.283 
 0.311 
 0.337 
 0.361 
 
 12 months 
 0.103 
 0.137 
 0.172 
 0.207 
 0.242 
 0.275 
 0.306 
 0.335 
 0.361 
 
 9 months 
 0.083 
 0.117 
 0.153 
 0.191 
 0.229 
 0.266 
 0.300 
 0.332 
 0.361 
 
 6 months 
 0.059 
 0.092 
 0.130 
 0.171 
 0.213 
 0.254 
 0.292 
 0.328 
 0.361 
 
 3 months 
 0.030 
 0.060 
 0.100 
 0.145 
 0.193 
 0.240 
 0.284 
 0.324 
 0.361 
 
 0 months 
 0.000 
 0.000 
 0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.324 
 0.361 

No fractional shares of Class A common stock will be issued upon
exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round up to the nearest whole
number of the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are
exercisable for a security other than the shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are
not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. 

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects
to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect
to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially
own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to such exercise. 

If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is
increased by a share dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of shares of common
stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number
of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding
common stock. A rights offering to holders of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price
less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product
of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity
securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the
quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market
value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock,
in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights,
as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average
price of Class A common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first
date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without
the right to receive such rights. 

6 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding
and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A common stock on
account of such Class A common stock (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described
above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, which are dividends of 0.50 or less in any fiscal year (subject to adjustments), (c)
to satisfy the conversion rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination
or (d) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then
the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or
the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is
decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of Class A common stock or other similar event,
then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of
shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding
shares of Class A common stock. We will not be required to make adjustments to the exercise price for any other events including
the issuance of additional shares of Class A common stock other than dividends paid in Class A common stock as described above. 

Whenever the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable
upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant
exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A
common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which
will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the
outstanding Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A
common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or
merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our
outstanding Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or
other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the
warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the
warrants and in lieu of the Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the
rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A common stock or other securities or property (including cash)
receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or
transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such
event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable
in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in
an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such
event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of
such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value
(as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to
holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the
holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants in order to determine and realize the
option value component of the warrant. This formula is to compensate the warrantholder for the loss of the option value portion of
the warrant due to the requirement that the warrantholder exercise the warrant within 30 days of the event. The Black-Scholes
model is an accepted pricing model for estimating fair market value where no quoted market price for an instrument is available. In
addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising
purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of
Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors
and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares
held by our initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from
such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, inclusive of interest earned on equity held in trust, available
for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of
redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the
nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption
trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market Value and the
Newly Issued Price. 

7 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate
on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate
completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified
or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges
of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A common stock. After the issuance
of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on
all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants.
If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round
up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. 

Private placement warrants 

Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms
and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in our IPO. The private placement warrants (including
the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable
until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described in the
Registration Statement, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial stockholders) and they
will be exercisable on a cashless basis and not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.
Our sponsor or its permitted transferees will have the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private
placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable
by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our IPO. 

If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them
on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of shares of Class A
common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined
below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose will mean the average reported closing
price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of
warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis
and not be redeemable so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether
they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities
in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities
except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider
cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike
public stockholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A common stock received upon such exercise freely in the
open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities.
As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis and not have them be redeemable is appropriate. 

8 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended
initial business combination, our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their respective affiliates may, but are not obligated
to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination
entity at a price of 2.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and
do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will
be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of
a business combination. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion
of our board of directors at such time. 

Our transfer agent and warrant agent 

The transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants
is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all
claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses
due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. 

Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company has agreed that
it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account,
and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account that it may have
now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied, or a claim will only be able to be
pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the trust account and not against the any monies in the trust account or interest earned
thereon. 

Certain anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law and our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws 

Staggered board of directors 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors of approximately equal size. As a result, in most circumstances,
a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be
called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our president or by our chairperson or by our secretary at the request in
writing of stockholders owning a majority of our issued and outstanding capital stock entitled to vote. 

Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director
nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before
our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders must provide
timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be delivered to our principal executive
offices not later than the close of business on the 60th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the scheduled
date of the annual meeting of stockholders. In the event that less than 70 days notice or prior public disclosure of the date of
the annual meeting of stockholders is given, a stockholder s notice shall be timely if delivered to our principal executive offices
not later than the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of our annual meeting of stockholders is first
made or sent by us. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions
may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors
at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

9 

Authorized but unissued shares 

Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available
for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings
to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock
and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer,
merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive forum selection 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers and employees
for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any
action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject
to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of
Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other
than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought
outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s
counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of law in the types of lawsuits
to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may
have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide
that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions.
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
In addition, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to actions brought under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Section 203 opt out 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
we have opted out of the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law regulating corporate takeovers. This section
prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a
stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an
affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an
associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. A business
combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not
apply if: 

our
board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the
transaction; 

after
the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least
85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on
or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting
of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding
voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

We have opted out of the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law because we believe this statute could prohibit or delay mergers or other change in control attempts, and thus
may discourage attempts to acquire us. 

10 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_pivotalinv3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Kevin Griffin, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Pivotal
Investment Corporation III; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; and 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Kevin Griffin 

Kevin Griffin 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_pivotalinv3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, James H.R. Brady, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Pivotal
Investment Corporation III; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; and 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ James H.R. Brady 

James H.R. Brady 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_pivotalinv3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Pivotal
Investment Corporation III (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Kevin Griffin 

Kevin Griffin 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_pivotalinv3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Pivotal
Investment Corporation III (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ James H.R. Brady 

James H.R. Brady 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
(Principal Financial and
Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 picc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 picc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 picc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 picc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 picc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

