<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230215_10-K_edgar_data_1812173_0001213900-23-011661.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6236749</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>366250</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1429234</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1331458</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1570408</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1382619</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-011661.hdr.sgml : 20230215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214181128
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-011661
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vicarious Surgical Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001812173
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39384
		FILM NUMBER:		23632468

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 FOURTH AVENUE
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 868-1700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 FOURTH AVENUE
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	D8 Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200514

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-011661.txt : 20230215

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_vicarious.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __________ TO
________ 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered Warrants to purchase one share of Class A common stock, each at an exercise price of 11.50 per share RBOT WS The New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
voting and non-voting equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant (without admitting that any person whose securities are not included
in such calculation is an affiliate) computed by reference to the price at which the Class A common stock was last sold as of June 30,
2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million. 

As of February 5, 2023, the registrant had shares
of Class A common stock outstanding and shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 
 1 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 
 21 

ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 
 58 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 
 58 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 
 58 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 
 58 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 
 59 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 59 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 60 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 65 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 65 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 
 66 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 66 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 
 66 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 
 66 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 
 67 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 
 67 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 
 67 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 
 67 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 
 67 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 
 68 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 
 69 

SIGNATURES 
 
 70 

i 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The following documents (or parts thereof) are
incorporated by reference into the following parts of this Form 10-K: Certain information required in Part III of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms we, us, 
 our, the Company and Vicarious Surgical mean Vicarious Surgical Inc. (formerly D8 Holdings Corp.)
and our subsidiaries. On September 17, 2021 (the Closing Date ), D8 Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation that was previously
a Cayman Islands exempted company D8 and after the Business Combination described herein, the Company that
migrated to and domesticated (the Domestication ), consummated the previously announced business combination (the Business
Combination pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 15, 2021 (the Business Combination
Agreement ), by and among D8, Snowball Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub ), and Vicarious Surgical
Inc., a Delaware corporation Legacy Vicarious ). Immediately upon the consummation of the Business Combination, the Domestication
and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (collectively, the Transactions , and such
completion, the Closing ), Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy Vicarious, with Legacy Vicarious surviving the Business
Combination as a wholly-owned subsidiary of D8 (the Merger ). In connection with the Transactions, D8 changed its name to
 Vicarious Surgical Inc. and Legacy Vicarious changed its name to Vicarious Surgical US Inc. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that relate to future events, our future operations or financial
performance, or our plans, strategies and prospects. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management team.
Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by these forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we cannot assure that we will achieve or realize these plans, intentions or expectations. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject
to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Generally, statements that are not historical facts, including statements concerning possible
or assumed future actions, business strategies, events or performance, are forward-looking statements. These statements may be preceded
by, followed by or include the words believes, estimates, expects, projects, forecasts, 
 may, will, should, seeks, plans, scheduled, anticipates 
or intends or the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology intended
to identify statements about the future, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words . The forward-looking
statements are based on projections prepared by, and are the responsibility of, our management team. Forward-looking statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

the ability to recognize the benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition and our ability to grow and manage growth profitably and retain our key employees; 

the ability to maintain the listing of our Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE 

the success, cost and timing of our product and service development activities; 

the commercialization and adoption of our initial product candidates and the
success of our single-port surgical robot, called the Vicarious Surgical System, and any of our future product candidates and service
offerings; 

the potential attributes and benefits of the Vicarious Surgical System and any of our other product and service offerings once commercialized; 

our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory authorization for the Vicarious Surgical System and our product and service offerings, and any related restrictions and limitations of any authorized product or service offering; 

ii 

changes in U.S. and foreign laws; 

our ability to identify, in-license or acquire additional technology; 

our ability to maintain our existing license agreements and manufacturing arrangements; 

our ability to compete with other companies currently marketing or engaged in the development of products and services for use in ventral hernia repair procedures and additional surgical applications; 

the size and growth potential of the markets for the Vicarious Surgical System and any of our future product and service offerings, and the ability of each to serve those markets once commercialized, either alone or in partnership with others; 

our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 

our ability to raise financing in the future; 

our financial performance; 

our intellectual property rights and how failure to protect or enforce these rights could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition; 

economic downturns and political and market conditions beyond our control and their potential to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations; 

the anticipated continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business; and 

other factors detailed under the section titled Risk Factors . 

These forward-looking statements are based on information available
as of the date of this report, and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties.
Important factors could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those indicated or implied by forward-looking
statements such as those described under the caption Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
and in other filings that we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The risks described under the heading Risk Factors 
are not exhaustive. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess
the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results
to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance.
You should not put undue reliance on these statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. All forward-looking statements attributable
to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. We undertake no
obligations to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as required by law. 

iii 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

We are providing the following
summary of the risk factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to enhance the readability and accessibility of our risk factor
disclosures. The risk factors described below are a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us.
These are not the only risks we face. You should carefully review the full risk factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in
their entirety for additional information regarding the material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 

We have a limited operating history on which to assess the prospects for our business, we have not generated any revenue from sales of our product candidates, and have incurred losses since inception. We anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for at least the next several years as we develop and commercialize our product candidates and applications. 

We may need to raise additional funding to develop and commercialize the Vicarious Surgical System and to expand our research and development efforts. This additional financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product commercialization or development efforts or other operations. 

We are a development stage company with a limited history of operations and no product candidates with marketing authorization in any jurisdiction, and we cannot assure you that we will ever have a commercialized product. 

Our success depends upon market acceptance of our product candidates, our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates and additional applications and generate revenues, and our ability to identify new markets for our technology. 

We are highly dependent upon the continued contributions of our key personnel. The loss of their services could harm our business, and if we are unable to attract, recruit, train, retain, motivate and integrate key personnel, we may not achieve our goals. 

We have no experience in marketing and selling our product candidates and if we are unable to successfully commercialize our product candidates, our business and operating results will be adversely affected. 

We expect to generate an increasing portion of our revenue internationally in the future and may become subject to various additional risks relating to our international activities, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We rely on limited or sole suppliers for some of the materials and components used in our product candidates, and we may not be able to find replacements or immediately transition to alternative suppliers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 

If we do not successfully develop, optimize and operate our sales and distribution channels or we do not effectively expand and update infrastructure, our operating results and customer experience may be negatively impacted. 

iv 

If we are unable to establish and maintain adequate sales and marketing capabilities or enter into and maintain arrangements with third parties to sell and market our product candidates, our business may be harmed. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has and could continue to negatively affect various aspects of our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to successfully remediate this material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to report our financial condition or results of operations accurately or in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, materially and adversely affect our business and the value of our Class A common stock. 

We are subject to extensive government regulation, which could restrict the development, marketing, sale and distribution of our product candidates and technologies and could cause us to incur significant costs. 

There is no guarantee that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA will grant marketing authorization for our product candidates or any of our future product candidates and technologies, and failure to obtain necessary marketing authorization for our current product candidates and our future product candidates and technologies would adversely affect our ability to grow our business. 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our ability to maintain any technological or competitive advantage over our competitors and potential competitors would be adversely impacted, and our business may be harmed. 

We may need or may choose to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our current or future product candidates and technologies, and we cannot provide any assurances that we would be able to obtain such licenses. 

We and our partners may be sued for infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties. If that happens, such litigation would be costly and time consuming, and an unfavorable outcome in any such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

In addition to IP litigation risks (referenced above), we face the risk of product liability claims and may be subject to damages, fines, penalties and injunctions, among other things. 

v 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

The following discussion reflects the business of Vicarious Surgical,
as currently embodied by Vicarious Surgical. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to the Company ,
 we, us and our generally refer to Vicarious Surgical in the present tense or Vicarious Surgical
from and after the Business Combination. 

Overview 

Prior to the Domestication and the Closing, we were a blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. On September 16, 2021, we incorporated
as a Delaware corporation in connection with the Domestication. On September 17, 2021, we completed the Business Combination pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement dated April 15, 2021 that we entered into with Legacy Vicarious. In connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination, we changed our name to Vicarious Surgical Inc. and the business of Legacy Vicarious
became our business. 

We are combining advanced miniaturized robotics, computer science and 3D
visualization to build an intelligent and affordable, single-port surgical robot, called the Vicarious Surgical System, that virtually
transports surgeons inside the patient to perform minimally invasive surgery. With our disruptive next-generation robotics technology,
we are seeking to increase the efficiency of surgical procedures, improve patient outcomes and reduce healthcare costs. Led by a visionary
team of engineers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, or MIT, we intend to deliver the next generation in robotic-assisted
surgery, designed to solve the shortcomings of open surgery, and current laparoscopic and robot-assisted minimally invasive surgery. We
have developed multiple prototypes, have had pre-submission meetings with the FDA to align on our regulatory strategy, and plan to file
a de novo application with the FDA for use in ventral hernia procedures as our first indication. 

The Vicarious Surgical System is uniquely designed to overcome the
deficiencies that have limited broad adoption of robot-assisted minimally invasive surgery to date. By fundamentally engineering a better
solution, we believe we have created a more capable surgical robot than those currently available on the market, and if authorized by
the FDA, the Vicarious Surgical System will offer surgeons the ability to perform surgical procedures with greater dexterity and greater
access to the entire abdomen, with better visibility and sensor-based feedback, through a small single incision in the abdomen. The Vicarious
Surgical System features proprietary de-coupled actuators, which are intended to enable a cascade of benefits, including
improved robotic mobility, reduced size, improved functionality and lower materials costs. The Vicarious Surgical System is designed to
enable surgeons to perform procedures, if authorized by the FDA, inside the abdomen with human-equivalent motion, with a full nine degrees
of freedom per robotic arm, providing an experience that is more natural, and more akin to the surgeon s own upper body movements.
In surgical procedures conducted on cadavers, the Vicarious Surgical System provides exceptional reach within the abdomen, and if authorized
by the FDA, it will enable the surgeon to enter the abdomen from nearly any angle and work in nearly any direction, without having to
triangulate to the surgical area from multiple incisions or to operate only within the limited area directly in front of a single incision.
The Vicarious Surgical System is designed to provide exceptional visualization, with a high-performance, stereoscopic camera that rotates
in three degrees of freedom (yaw, pitch, and roll) to provide the surgeon with stereoscopic imaging of nearly every surface in the abdomen.
The Vicarious Surgical System also contains 28 sensors per instrument arm, which allows the system to provide real-time feedback to the
surgeon on force, motion and other key data that are intended to enhance surgical procedures and patient outcomes. 

1 

The Vicarious Surgical System is being developed to provide attractive
advantages to hospitals and ambulatory surgical centers, or ASCs, which we believe will drive rapid and widespread adoption. Unlike the
large footprints of legacy surgical robotic systems that require a construction build-out and a dedicated operating room, the Vicarious
Surgical System is much smaller and could be easily moved to any operating room throughout a medical facility. We anticipate that, if
authorized by the FDA, the smaller size and advanced engineering of the Vicarious Surgical System and related disposable instruments will
be offered at a cost-effective price point compared to existing legacy robotic systems. Hospitals and ASCs would not be required to dedicate
permanent space and would reduce expenses relating to sterilization and operating room turnover. We believe that, if authorized by the
FDA, adoption of the Vicarious Surgical System could be facilitated by a streamlined training regimen, where surgeons will be able to
develop proficiency much more quickly than for legacy robotic systems. This is due to the design features of the Vicarious Surgical System,
such as the ease of use and more natural, human-equivalent motion of the Vicarious Surgical System, the reduced surgeon burden during
setup, and the fact that the Vicarious Surgical System would not be confined to a dedicated operating suite and therefore could have more
availability for training purposes. In addition, with its increased capability and dexterity, the Vicarious Surgical System is designed
to enable many procedures to be performed faster and more effectively, with less injury and risk to the patient, significantly reducing
overall healthcare costs. Because the Vicarious Surgical System has not yet been authorized by the FDA or commercialized, the intended
advantages of the Vicarious Surgical System have not yet been realized and are dependent upon the successful development of the Vicarious
Surgical System and a timely authorization by the FDA. 

We estimate that there are 39 million soft tissue abdominal and
gynecological surgical procedures performed annually worldwide that could be addressed with the Vicarious Surgical System, including use
for ventral hernia, other types of hernia, hysterectomy, cholecystectomy (gall bladder) and certain other gastrointestinal procedures.
We intend for use in ventral hernia procedures to be the first clinical application for the Vicarious Surgical System, of which there
are estimated to be 4.1 million cases worldwide and 0.9 million in the U.S. annually. We then intend to seek FDA clearance
or authorization to enable the expansion into the other applications addressable by the Vicarious Surgical System. 

Industry Background 

Despite the advancements in manual and robot-assisted minimally invasive
surgery over the last 40 years, of the estimated 39 million annual worldwide procedures addressable by the Vicarious Surgical
System, it is estimated that more than 50 are currently performed by open surgery and less than 5 are performed by existing robot-assisted
minimally invasive surgery technologies today. The large incisions required for open surgery, while allowing the surgeon to see with their
own eyes and operate with their own hands, create significant trauma to the patient, resulting in long hospitalization and recovery times,
high hospitalization costs, as well as significant pain and suffering. Due to the significant trauma to the patient associated with open
surgery, 15 to 20 of such surgeries result in tissue or internal organs pushing through the muscle into the abdomen, or incisional hernias,
caused by the operation, requiring additional complex surgery to correct. Although there have been significant improvements in minimally
invasive surgery procedures over open surgery, the following limitations associated with minimally invasive surgery still exist: 

Laparoscopic surgery results in improved patient outcomes, but it presents significant challenges for surgeons, primarily associated with using long, rigid instruments through multiple incisions across the abdominal wall, which introduces the fulcrum effect requiring the surgeon to adjust for the inversion and scaling of movements. These laparoscopic instruments are difficult to manipulate, have limited degrees of freedom, limited reach and reduced depth-perception and visibility, which requires significant coordination among the surgical team to perform the procedure. 

Multi-port robotic systems introduced in the early 2000s have managed to overcome some of the challenges associated with laparoscopy, but they require multiple incisions. While the wristed robotic instruments provide more dexterity than the long, rigid instruments used in laparoscopy, these robotic systems still require multiple systems and require the surgeon to define the workspace and kinematic motion profile of the robotic system for every procedure, based on where they create the incisions and where they intend to operate. Additionally, these systems are expensive and require a difficult learning-curve for surgeons. In addition, these systems are often underutilized because they have large footprints, limited portability and require extensive setup and longer operating room turnover time. 

2 

More recently, single-port surgical robots have been developed, but these systems are limited in that they rely on legacy robotic architecture, and thus require a much larger incision than multi-port robotic systems, have limited motion, strength, and visualization, and can only operate in a small procedural area. Given the relatively large size of the trocar incision required to be made by the surgeon to accommodate existing single-port robotic systems, among other limitations, these existing single-port robots have unfortunately resulted in significantly higher rates of complications with higher levels of injury to the patient, with less capability for the surgeon. For all these reasons, legacy single-port robotic solutions, much like multi-port manual and robotic minimally invasive surgery, have received limited adoption to date. 

We believe the slow adoption of robot-assisted surgery, estimated to
be less than 5 of the estimated 39 million addressable abdominal soft-tissue surgical procedures performed worldwide annually, has
occurred because of several factors, including the following: 

Significant Capital Investment. Legacy robotic systems require high upfront acquisition costs and burdensome annual service contracts that are often prohibitively expensive, especially in outpatient settings. We estimate these capital costs to be up to 2.0 million or more per system upfront, plus an additional 10 to 20 annually for maintenance and service contracts. 

Low Utilization. In addition to the significant acquisition costs, existing robotic systems create inefficiencies and increase costs to medical facilities considering adoption. Due to their large size and limited portability, existing robotic systems require the construction of a dedicated operating room, occupying valuable real estate within the hospital. Once in place, these robotic systems require extensive set-up and operating room turnover times, which limits the number of procedures that can be performed with the robotic system. 

Limited Capabilities. Existing robotic systems have limited capabilities and are ill-suited for many outpatient procedures. Due to their limited degrees of freedom inside the abdomen, they depend on significant, complicated, robotic motion outside the body, and they have limited ability to operate in multiple quadrants, difficulty operating on the ceiling of the abdomen, create collisions inside and outside of the patient s abdomen, and restrict overall access of the operating team to the patient. 

Difficult to Use. Existing robotic systems require the surgeon to develop an extensive procedure plan in advance to determine appropriate incision sites and angles for each procedure, in order to avoid collisions inside and outside of the patient s abdomen. Surgeons must develop this plan with fewer degrees of freedom than they would employ using open surgery, restricting their natural movements. To become proficient at manipulating these legacy robotic systems to perform the procedures they otherwise were trained to perform via open surgery requires extensive training and several dozen procedures on live patients. As these systems are maintained in dedicated, expensive, operating rooms, obtaining access to train on the system becomes a significant impediment to adoption, resulting in more open surgeries. 

The Vicarious Surgical System 

The single-port Vicarious Surgical System with advanced, miniaturized
robotics and exceptional visualization is designed to address the significant limitations of open surgery and existing single- and multi-port
robotic surgical approaches to improve patient outcomes and enhance adoption by hospitals and other medical facilities. The Vicarious
Surgical System is designed with a fundamentally different architecture, and proprietary de-coupled actuators, to overcome
many of the limitations of open surgery or existing robot-assisted surgical procedures with a minimally invasive and more capable robotic
system. This architecture enables unprecedented dexterity inside the abdomen through an ultra-thin support tube, providing significant
improvement over existing legacy robotic systems and minimizing the complications and trauma associated with open surgery. The Vicarious
Surgical System has not yet been authorized by the FDA. We have had pre-submission meetings with the FDA to align on our regulatory
strategy and plan to file a de novo application with the FDA for use in ventral hernia procedures as our first indication. 

3 

(1) The Vicarious Surgical System is capable of incision sizes as
low as 1.2cm. Current disposables require 1.8cm incisions. We are developing and expect to launch disposables requiring 1.5cm incisions. 

The Vicarious Surgical System consists of the following components: 

Camera and Instrument Arms. The Vicarious Surgical System has a high-performance stereoscopic camera that, when combined with robotic motion, provides full 360-degree viewing capability and is being developed to continuously map the depth of the patient s body. The camera moves in any direction and, together with the instrument arms, based on cadaver studies, the Vicarious Surgical System is capable of operating in nearly every direction within the abdomen, including rotating back and operating around the trocar incision point, unlike any robotic system on the market today. The Vicarious Surgical System s surgical instrument arms each have nine degrees of movement, completely mimicking the degrees of freedom in the surgeon s own wrists, elbows and shoulders, providing for a more complete and more natural range of motion for the surgeon. While existing robotic systems are limited to operating in a small section directly in front of the rigid instrument, the Vicarious Surgical System s unique ability to operate in nearly every direction is designed to provide significantly more capability to the surgeon, while minimizing the injury and trauma to the patient. The camera and both instrument arms are being developed to enter the abdomen through a single, 1.8 centimeter trocar, which is anticipated to be reduced to a 1.5 centimeter trocar as development continues, that is within the size of conventional minimally invasive surgery trocars. Due to the smaller size of the Vicarious Surgical System, it will be able to provide significantly more sensing capability than existing systems, if the Vicarious Surgical System receives FDA authorization. The Vicarious Surgical System features 28 sensors per arm, to provide valuable feedback to the surgeon in real-time, and the sensors will also be capable of providing robust intraoperative data to continually enhance our AI capabilities and enhance surgeon capabilities over the long-term. 

4 

Surgeon Console. The Vicarious Surgical System surgeon console is designed to provide all the systems necessary for the surgeon to have an effective, immersive experience, visualizing the surgical field and controlling all the motions of the robot. If authorized by the FDA, the surgeon console will enable performance and patient outcomes that are not available on other existing systems. The console includes a peer-in stereoscopic vision screen that gives surgeons the ability to operate in a 3D environment without the use of 3D glasses, while maintaining awareness and line of sight to the operating room. 

Patient Cart. The Vicarious Surgical System patient cart is designed to pass through the doorways of hospitals, outpatient clinics, ambulatory surgical centers, and any standard doorway, alleviating the equipment maneuverability concerns experienced by healthcare providers with competitor surgical robotics systems. Unlike existing robotic systems, the Vicarious Surgical System, if authorized by the FDA, would not require a dedicated operating room and could be wheeled into or out of any room, or stored in the hall, as the hospital does with other medical devices, significantly expanding accessibility to the system. Further, as most of the robotic motion occurs inside the abdomen in a single port, the Vicarious Surgical System does not have multiple, expensive, high-performance robotic arms outside the body, pivoting around the incision point to make small movements inside the body. We believe that these factors, together with the ability to utilize more advanced, sometimes less expensive manufacturing processes, will enable the Vicarious Surgical System to be significantly less expensive to build than competitive robotic systems, based on their publicly available data. 

Vicarious Surgical System Advantages 

We believe that to overcome the issues that have limited broad adoption
of robot-assisted minimally invasive surgery procedures to date: cost, size, capability, ease of use, fast setup, high throughput, streamlined
training, and improved patient outcomes, it is imperative to provide a solution that addresses all these concerns. The Vicarious Surgical
System, with its advanced engineering and de-coupled actuators, which enable a revolutionary approach to the development
of surgical robotics, is designed to be uniquely able to significantly improve upon each of these factors. Because of its proprietary
engineering advantage, the Vicarious Surgical System is designed to offer more degrees of freedom and dexterity with which the surgeon
can more naturally operate, and to provide greater visibility, sensing and functionality to the surgeon, all through a small, single port
that is designed to offer more capability and fewer challenges than any single or multi-port surgical modality available. Because the
Vicarious Surgical System had not yet been authorized by the FDA or commercialized, the intended advantages of the Vicarious Surgical
System have not yet been realized and are dependent upon the successful development of the Vicarious Surgical System and a timely authorization
by the FDA. 

Decoupled Actuators. Robotic arms are controlled by actuators at each joint. Traditionally, these actuators are coupled, meaning that movement of one joint causes movement at each subsequent or prior joint. This coupled motion can be corrected by legacy robots via complicated software to coordinate and eliminate the unwanted motion between these joints that would otherwise be created. However, the software cannot eliminate the exponential buildup of force across these joints caused by this coupled action. This exponential force buildup requires stronger cables and pulleys and other expensive and larger components, which adds significant size, cost, and limits the available mobility of legacy robotic systems. By fundamentally engineering a better solution, we have decoupled the motion between these actuators, reducing cost and integrating components and materials that enable enhanced visibility, flexibility and strength, which in turn are intended to provide significant benefits for surgeons, hospitals, ASCs and patients. 

5 

Surgeon Experience 

Human Equivalent Motion Nine Degrees of Freedom. The Vicarious Surgical System is the only robotic system, compared to all legacy single- or multi-port solutions, to offer the same nine full degrees of freedom that exist in the natural motion of the surgeon s own wrists, elbows and shoulders, providing unprecedented dexterity in a robot-assisted minimally invasive surgery. While other legacy robotic systems require the surgeon to conform and limit their movements to what the robot will enable, in cadaver studies, the Vicarious Surgical System offers the nearly full range of motion of the surgeon s own upper body, providing an experience that is more natural, and more akin to what they know best, open surgery, except miniaturized and transformed inside the body. 

Expanded Reach Inside the Abdomen. With the full nine degrees of freedom provided by the Vicarious Surgical System, as shown in cadaver studies, the surgeon can enter the abdomen from nearly any angle and work in nearly any direction, with more freedom, all through a small single incision. Legacy robotic systems and manual minimally invasive surgery require the surgeon to triangulate to the surgical area and limit the surgeon to performing only in a small section directly in front of the incision. The Vicarious Surgical System s unprecedented reach is designed to enable the surgeon to pivot in nearly any direction during surgery and the surgeon can even pivot backwards and operate near the incision site. 

Sensing, Visualization and AI. The surgeon can utilize the peer-in screen on the console for visualization. The Vicarious Surgical System s high-performance, stereoscopic camera can rotate in nearly every direction, similar to the natural motion of the surgeon s head, and is being developed to provide full 3D mapping. The Vicarious Surgical System contains more than two dozen sensors per arm, designed to provide unmatched sensing capability that is being developed to deliver valuable feedback on force, motion and other key data, to the surgeon in real-time. These sensors also will be used to feed our rapidly expanding need for data and AI development, which will be utilized to further enhance surgical procedures and provide a significant link and insight between pre- and peri-operative data and patient outcomes. 

Hospital and Ambulatory Surgical Center (ASC) Advantages 

System Size. Unlike legacy systems that require a construction build-out simply to fit their system into a dedicated operating room, the Vicarious Surgical System is designed to be small enough to fit through a single door. This is intended to enable faster set-up and break-down times, allowing the Vicarious Surgical System to be used anywhere within the facility. 

Training. Because of the more natural motion of the Vicarious Surgical System, together with the fact that it is not confined to a dedicated operating suite like most legacy robotic systems, the Vicarious Surgical System can be more available for surgeons to practice, and it is expected that surgeons would be able to develop proficiency more quickly and easily than with legacy systems, which could improve surgeon adoption and enhance hospital and ASC return on investment. 

Economics/System Cost. If authorized by the FDA, we intend to offer the Vicarious Surgical System, maintenance, and service support at more attractive pricing to existing legacy systems. With its increased capability and dexterity, it is expected that many procedures could be performed faster and more effectively, which could greatly reduce overall hospital costs. 

Disposability. Our instruments and accessories have been designed and will be offered at a price that enables them to be used once and then disposed. Hospitals and ASCs will no longer need to dedicate space and expense to ensure these items are properly sterilized and available for re-use. 

6 

Patient Outcomes 

Enhanced Capability. The Vicarious Surgical System will be designed to provide increased visualization and capability to the surgeon, and if the FDA authorizes the Vicarious Surgical System, it is intended to allow the surgeon to more easily perform advanced techniques that are proven in existing clinical use to provide for better patient outcomes. 

Smaller Trocar Fewer Complications. In open surgery, due to the large size of the incision, the incision fails to heal properly 15-20 of the time, a complication that may require additional surgery to fix. Multi-port manual and robot-assisted minimally invasive surgery, while significantly less capable than the Vicarious Surgical System is designed to be, utilize small trocars i.e. , 8mm to 12mm), which greatly reduces this risk to approximately 1 . Existing single-port robots utilize at least a 25mm trocar size, which have a failure rate of nearly 10 , beginning to approach the failure rate of open surgery. The Vicarious Surgical System, like multi-port minimally invasive surgery, is designed to utilize a small trocar, which could enable superior results with the lowest overall risk. Currently, the Vicarious Surgical System utilizes an 18mm trocar, which is anticipated to be reduced to a 15mm trocar as development continues. 

Our Strategy 

With revolutionary advancements in design, we seek to democratize surgery
through widespread access to a more capable and more affordable surgical robotic platform. Our objective is to become the leading provider
of surgical robotic platforms for soft tissue surgery. To achieve this objective, we are pursuing the following business strategies, all
of which are dependent upon the receipt of FDA authorization: 

Drive adoption of the Vicarious Surgical System initially in the ventral hernia market. We plan to initially focus our marketing efforts on surgeons and hospitals performing surgical procedures in general surgery, gynecology and other procedures that will benefit from our single incision platform. We believe our innovative system will deliver clinical and economic value that will address the unmet need in today s surgical operating rooms. Our strategy is to work with key thought leaders in general surgery, gynecology and other specialties who can help provide feedback that will help guide our product roadmap and surgical techniques. 

Expand indications. The ability to have universal access to the abdomen with the Vicarious Surgical System also presents opportunities for other procedures that we plan to target in the near future. Some of the future indications that are being targeted are inguinal and hiatal hernias, hysterectomy, cholecystectomy (gallbladder), colorectal and other gastrointestinal procedures. We estimate that 39 million of these procedures are performed annually worldwide today. 

Generate recurring revenue. After the initial installation of the Vicarious Surgical System, our goal is to increase the utilization of the Vicarious Surgical System by demonstrating the procedural and workflow efficiency of the System. Faster set up and procedure times with the Vicarious Surgical System can enable hospitals and ASCs to potentially schedule more procedures, which would in turn drive volume sales of single use components, including the robotic arms, camera and instrument tips. 

Demonstrate clinical and financial value proposition. Over 50 of ventral hernia procedures are performed as open surgical procedures in the hospital. We aim to capitalize on the trend of moving procedures from hospitals to ASCs. Additionally, we believe that the Vicarious Surgical System can accelerate the ability to perform complex hernia surgeries with a minimally invasive surgery procedure in an ASC as opposed to a hospital. However, ASCs typically do not have significant capital budgets to justify large capital purchases, nor do they have infrastructure budgets to undertake the construction of a dedicated operating suite. The Vicarious Surgical System s value proposition is designed to appeal to these ASCs. 

Expand product offerings. We believe that technologies such as virtual reality and AI have the potential to further enhance a surgeon s capabilities. We plan to develop advanced AI features, such as 3D depth mapping, and automated suturing, to be incorporated into future generations of the Vicarious Surgical System. 

Commercialization outside U.S. If the FDA authorizes the Vicarious Surgical System for commercialization in the U.S., we intend to seek applicable regulatory clearances or approvals in Asia, Europe and the rest of the world to commercialize the Vicarious Surgical System worldwide. 

7 

Historical Development of the Vicarious Surgical System and Regulatory
Pathway 

The technology for our robot was developed by Legacy Vicarious founders
Adam Sachs, Sammy Khalifa, and Barry Greene between 2009 and 2015. After considerable prototyping and experimentation, the team discovered
and patented a cable pathway through the robotic arm to fully de-couple the motion of the robotic device. This series of innovations enabled
the first successful prototype of a complete robotic arm that resembles the motion of the surgeon s body. The founding team went
on to take this design and create a full prototype of the device, machining the parts themselves and funding the project out of pocket.
After the first fully functioning robotic arm was created, integrated with software designed by the Legacy Vicarious founders, as well
as a surgeon input tracking system, the founding team was able to raise outside capital and successfully grow the team in order to continue
to drive development and growth. 

We have conducted, and continue to conduct, several cadaver studies
with the prototype Vicarious Surgical System. The goal of each study was to refine the performance of the Vicarious Surgical System. In
these cadaver studies, the Vicarious Surgical System prototype was used to perform several ventral hernia repair procedures, hysterectomy
procedures and cholecystectomy procedures. In addition, in these cadaver studies, surgeons have used the Vicarious Surgical System prototype
to perform various techniques for ventral hernia repair, including robotic transabdominal preperitoneal, or rTAPP, retrorectus, and intraperitoneal
onlay mesh repair (IPOM) plus. These studies were used to gather insights regarding: 

The length of the robotic instruments needed to perform ventral hernia repair procedures; 

Field and depth of view of the robotic camera; 

User interface elements, such as the clutch pedal, navigation pedals and digital interface elements; 

Quality of robotic end-effector motion in response to surgeon hand motion; 

Insertion and extraction workflow; and 

Reliability of the robotic instruments and camera. 

In November 2019, we received FDA Breakthrough Device designation
for a prior version of the Vicarious Surgical System with a proposed indication for use in ventral hernia repair procedures. The Vicarious
Surgical System is considered a Class II medical device. We have had pre-submission meetings with the FDA to align on our regulatory
strategy and plan to file a de novo application with the FDA for use in ventral hernia procedures as our first indication. 

A preliminary meeting with the FDA was conducted in December 2021 to
discuss with the FDA our decision to make two technology changes to the Vicarious Surgical System design that was granted Breakthrough
Device designation in November 2019. Based on these changes, the FDA has determined that the current Vicarious Surgical System design
that is planned for the initial limited launch and was submitted to the FDA in the November 2021 FDA pre-submission meeting request is
different from the device that was granted Breakthrough Device designation for the device design filed in November 2019. The FDA stated
that the Breakthrough Device designation remains active for the prior device design granted Breakthrough Device designation in November
2019. In the future, we may attempt to reincorporate the technologies from such prior device design to leverage the previously granted
Breakthrough Device designation. The process of medical device development is inherently uncertain and there is no guarantee that a Breakthrough
Device designation will be granted to a different device design, and if it were granted, there is no guarantee that such designation will
accelerate the timeline for authorization or make it more likely that the Vicarious Surgical System will be authorized. 

In February 2022, a pre-submission meeting was held with the FDA to
gain alignment on the current Vicarious Surgical System. Feedback provided by the FDA indicated that each robotic-assisted surgical system
has distinctive kinetics, connections, data transmission and interfaces, including interfaces for the user, patient and environment, the
combination of which composes a unique and multifaceted system. Additionally, the FDA indicated that each robotic-assisted surgical system
has unique inputs and outputs and must account for uncertainty and instability in different ways. Taken together, these different technological
characteristics raise different questions of safety or effectiveness that are not applicable to a predicate device and may pose a significant
safety or effectiveness concern for the Vicarious Surgical System. For example, the way that a robotic-assisted surgical system is constructed
and implemented will have a direct bearing on the safety and effectiveness profile of the device and different robotic-assisted surgical
systems are not sufficiently similar to allow for meaningful comparison between the Vicarious Surgical System and predicate robotic-assisted
surgical systems. The FDA indicated that the evaluation of the complex Vicarious Surgical System requires a holistic approach of the performance
testing, such as software, bench, animal, human factors and usability, and clinical data to determine how each element establishes the
Vicarious Surgical System s integration approach to the intended use and more specifically the indicated procedures. Therefore,
each robotic-assisted surgical system carries new or different risks and an evaluation of these risks will require an independent evaluation
of the safety and effectiveness of the Vicarious Surgical System due to the technology and the implementation into the clinical care.
Based on this feedback, the FDA has determined that a 510(k) submission would likely be found not substantially equivalent to a predicate
robotic-assisted surgical system. In accordance with this FDA feedback, we have revised our regulatory roadmap for market authorization,
as discussed below. 

8 

Regulatory Roadmap for Market Authorization 

Based on the outcome of the pre-submission meeting with the FDA in
February 2022, the FDA has determined that there is no legally marketed predicate device. Therefore, we will plan to file a de novo classification
request for the proposed initial indication for use in ventral hernia repair procedures as a regulatory pathway to classify the Vicarious
Surgical System. Devices that are classified into Class I or Class II through a de novo classification request may be marketed and used
as predicates for future premarket notification 510(k) submissions, when applicable. Accordingly, we believe that 510(k) filings will
be available as a regulatory pathway for the Vicarious Surgical System with respect to future indications. 

We plan to conduct a prospective human pivotal clinical investigation
under an FDA Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) to evaluate the safety, effectiveness, and performance of the Vicarious Surgical System
to obtain U.S. market authorization for the proposed indication for use in ventral hernia repair procedures. In addition to conducting
a human pivotal clinical investigation, we plan to conduct non-clinical testing activities to verify and validate the safety, performance,
effectiveness, functionality, usability and reliability characteristics of the Vicarious Surgical System with respect to the intended
use and defined requirements. A verification and validation process is expected to provide the necessary data to submit to the FDA for
IDE approval. 

We expect that non-clinical verification and validation testing will
be conducted to verify and validate that the Vicarious Surgical System meets all design specifications for its intended use. These tests
will include in-vitro, simulated clinical bench testing and cadaver studies, as well as animal studies to support and demonstrate the
safety, performance, effectiveness, functionality, usability, and reliability characteristics of the Vicarious Surgical System with respect
to the intended use and defined requirements. Cadaver studies, representing realistic dimensions and contours of the human abdominal space,
will be used primarily to verify and validate system functionality, performance, and safety relevant to patient anatomy and contexts of
use with respect to insertion, access and movement within the abdominal cavity, visualization, manipulating tissue, cutting, and suturing
as needed during a simulated ventral hernia repair procedure. Animal studies will be used primarily to demonstrate performance, safety,
efficacy, and usability of the system as relevant to a live model with respect to insertion, access and movement within the abdominal
cavity, visualization, manipulating tissue, cutting, coagulating, and suturing, during a simulated ventral hernia repair procedure. This
testing may also be used to demonstrate that applicable risk mitigation features, including software alarms, alerts, extraction of multi-jointed
instrumentation in case of system failure, misuse, or other errors are adequate and perform to specifications. Summative usability testing
will be conducted by surgeons, nurses and technicians in a simulated operating room environment to provide objective evidence that the
Vicarious Surgical System can be used safely and effectively by end users for its intended uses, the device functions as expected and
intended, and all risk mitigations implemented are safe and effective. In addition, we plan to conduct simulated bench-top testing on
transparent anatomical models to evaluate, among other things, how the Vicarious Surgical System performs in worst case 
scenarios to verify and validate safe anatomical access, instrument/camera angulation and movement at the extremes of various surgical
procedures with respect to patient anatomy and dimensions that cannot be readily controlled for when using live animal and human cadaver
models. 

Future Indications 

We plan to expand upon our claims and/or indication for use to address
additional unmet clinical needs in different anatomical areas as well as therapeutic procedures. Following the initial authorization for
use in ventral hernia repair procedures under a de novo classification, if obtained by the FDA, we plan to submit 510(k) filings for other
indications for use, using the Vicarious Surgical System s first de novo authorization as a predicate, along with other predicate
devices with similar cleared indications for use. We have identified several potential future indications and procedures that align well
with the Vicarious Surgical System s ability to access and visualize the abdominal cavity. Possible future indications may include
but not be limited to inguinal and hiatal hernias, hysterectomy, cholecystectomy (gallbladder), colorectal and other gastrointestinal
procedures. We will perform an assessment to determine the appropriate regulatory strategy required to expand claims and obtain applicable
regulatory clearances in the United States and in other global markets. 

9 

Intellectual Property 

We strive to protect and enhance the proprietary technology, inventions
and improvements that are important to our business by seeking, maintaining and defending our intellectual property, all of which has
been developed internally and not in-licensed from third parties. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation
and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen and maintain our proprietary position in the field of surgical robotics. Additionally,
we intend to rely on regulatory protection afforded through data exclusivity and market exclusivity as well as patent term extensions,
where available. 

We currently do not rely heavily on technologies from third parties.
However, in the future, we may need to rely or be dependent on patented or proprietary technologies that we may license from third parties. 

We maintain a patent portfolio that includes issued U.S. and foreign
patents as well as pending U.S. and foreign patent applications, which include claims directed towards our proprietary technology.
We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. As
of January 31, 2023, we owned approximately seven (7) issued U.S. utility patents, approximately two (2) issued utility
patents in foreign jurisdictions including one (1) in China and one (1) in Japan, approximately 114 pending utility patent applications
in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, including in Canada, China, Europe, Japan, Hong Kong and India, and approximately one (1)
U.S. design patent application. An additional two (2) U.S. patents and one (1) European patent are expected to issue early 2023. These
issued utility patents and pending utility patent applications (if they were to issue as patents) have expected expiration dates ranging
between 2035 and 2041. Our patents and patent applications are directed to, among other things, our core technology. This includes the
surgical robotic and camera system; sensing capabilities, controls and visualization interfaces; the surgical tools suite; and related
technologies. 

The term of individual patents may vary based on the countries in which
they are obtained. Generally, patents issued for applications filed in the United States are effective for 20 years from the
earliest effective non-provisional filing date. In addition, in certain instances, a patent term can be extended to recapture a portion
of the term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory review period. The restoration period cannot be longer than five years
and the total patent term, including the restoration period, must not exceed 14 years following FDA approval. The duration of patents
outside of the United States varies in accordance with provisions of applicable local law, but typically is also 20 years from
the earliest effective filing date. 

In addition to patents and patent applications, we rely on trade secrets
and know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect
our proprietary technology and processes, and obtain and maintain ownership of certain technologies, in part, through confidentiality
agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, contractors and commercial partners.
We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data, trade secrets and know-how, including by implementing measures
intended to maintain the physical security of our premises and the physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. 

Our future commercial success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain
and maintain patent and other proprietary protection for commercially important technology, inventions and know-how related to our business;
defend and enforce our patents; preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets; and operate without infringing the valid enforceable
patents and proprietary rights of third parties. Our ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing
our product candidates will depend on the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets that cover
these activities. Moreover, we may be unable to obtain patent protection for the Vicarious Surgical System generally, as well as with
respect to certain surgical indications. See the section entitled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual
Property for a more comprehensive description of risks related to our intellectual property. 

10 

Research and Development 

As of February 6, 2023, our research and development programs
are generally pursued by our 119 engineering, scientific and technical personnel employed by us in our offices in Massachusetts on a full-time
basis or as consultants, or through partnerships with industry leaders in manufacturing and design and with researchers in academia. We
are also working with subcontractors in developing specific components of our technologies. 

The primary objectives of our research and development efforts are
to continue to introduce incremental enhancements to the capabilities of the Vicarious Surgical System and to advance development. 

For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred
research and development expenses of 43.9 million and 22.1 million, respectively. 

Manufacturing 

We have expanded our manufacturing capabilities with the development
of a manufacturing facility, including a clean room, within our headquarters in Waltham, Massachusetts, and have hired key manufacturing
personnel. We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacturing of certain products for preclinical
and clinical testing, as well as for commercial manufacturing. 

We purchase both custom and off-the-shelf components from a large number
of suppliers and subject them to stringent quality specifications and processes. Some of the components necessary for the assembly of
the Vicarious Surgical System are currently provided to us by sole-sourced suppliers or single-sourced suppliers. 

We are committed to developing an ethical, safe and sustainable supply
chain. This extends to our supplier base as well, so we are seeking partnerships with suppliers who share our commitment to strong ethics
and full compliance with all applicable laws. 

We promote the following basic principles in our supply chain: 

Business practices that respect human rights that align with
international standards of responsible business conduct; 

Compliance with conflict mineral laws; 

Business integrity; 

Environmental responsibility and sustainability; 

Protection of confidential information. 

Competition 

We face competition in the forms of existing open surgery, conventional
minimally invasive surgery, drug therapies, radiation treatment, and emerging interventional surgical approaches. Our success depends
on continued clinical and technical innovation, quality and reliability, as well as educating hospitals, surgeons, and patients on the
results associated with robotic-assisted surgery using the Vicarious Surgical System and our value proposition relative to other techniques.
We also face competition from several companies that have introduced or are developing new approaches and products for the minimally invasive
surgery market. We believe that the entrance or emergence of competition validates robotic-assisted surgery. 

We face competition from larger and well-established companies. The
companies that have introduced products in the field of robotic-assisted surgery or have made explicit statements about their efforts
to enter the field, include, but are not limited to: Intuitive Surgical, Inc.; Johnson Johnson (including their wholly-owned
subsidiaries Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc., Auris Health, Inc. and Verb Surgical Inc.); Medtronic plc (including their wholly-owned subsidiary
Covidien LP); Virtual Incision Corporation; Titan Medical Inc.; Stryker Corporation; and CMR Surgical Ltd. Other companies with substantial
experience in industrial robotics could potentially expand into the field of surgical robotics and become a competitor. In addition, research
efforts utilizing computers and robotics in surgery are underway at various companies and research institutions. Our ability to generate
future revenue may be adversely impacted as competitors announce their intent to enter these markets and as our potential customers anticipate
the availability of competing products. 

Commercialization 

We have not yet established a sales or product distribution infrastructure
for the Vicarious Surgical System. We plan to access the U.S. market with the Vicarious Surgical System through strategic partnerships
and also develop our own focused, specialized sales force or distribution channels once we have commercialized the Vicarious Surgical
System. 

11 

Government Regulation 

Our operations are subject to comprehensive federal, state, and local
laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we or our research and development partners or affiliates do business. The laws and
regulations governing our business and interpretations of those laws and regulations are subject to frequent change. Our ability to operate
profitably will depend in part upon our ability, and that of our research and development partners and affiliates, to operate in compliance
with applicable laws and regulations. The laws and regulations relating to medical products and healthcare services that apply to our
business and that of our partners and affiliates continue to evolve, and we must, therefore, devote significant resources to monitoring
developments in legislation, enforcement, and regulation in such areas. As the applicable laws and regulations change, we are likely to
make conforming modifications in our business processes from time to time. We cannot provide assurance that a review of our business by
courts or regulatory authorities will not result in determinations that could adversely affect our operations or that the regulatory environment
will not change in a way that restricts our operations. 

FDA Regulation 

Medical devices are strictly regulated by the FDA, in the United States.
Under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), a medical device is defined as an instrument, apparatus, implement, machine,
contrivance, implant, in vitro reagent, or other similar or related article, including a component, part or accessory which is, among
other things: intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of
disease, in man or other animals; or intended to affect the structure or any function of the body of man or other animals, and which does
not achieve its primary intended purposes through chemical action within or on the body of man or other animals and which is not dependent
upon being metabolized for the achievement of any of its primary intended purposes. This definition provides a clear distinction
between a medical device and other FDA regulated products such as drugs. If the primary intended use of a medical product is achieved
through chemical action or by being metabolized by the body, the product is usually a drug or biologic. If not, it is generally a medical
device. 

We are currently developing a robotic-assisted surgical system, which
is regulated by the FDA as a medical device under the FDCA, as implemented and enforced by the FDA. The FDA regulates the development,
testing, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, installation, servicing, advertising, promotion, marketing, distribution, import,
export, and post-market surveillance of medical devices. 

Device Premarket Regulatory Requirements 

Before being introduced into the U.S. market, each medical device must
obtain marketing clearance, authorization, or approval from the FDA through the premarket notification (510(k)) process, the de novo classification
process, or the premarket approval (PMA) process, unless they are determined to be Class I devices or to otherwise qualify for an exemption
from one of these available forms of premarket review and clearance, authorization, or approval by the FDA. Under the FDCA, medical devices
are classified into one of three classes Class I, Class II or Class III depending on the degree of risk associated with
each medical device and the extent of control needed to provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. Classification of a
device is important because the class to which a device is assigned determines, among other things, the necessity and type of FDA review
required prior to marketing the device. Class I devices are those for which reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness can be maintained
through adherence to general controls that include compliance with the applicable portions of the FDA s Quality System Regulation,
(or the QSR), as well as regulations requiring establishment registration and device listing, reporting of adverse medical events, and
appropriate, truthful and non-misleading labeling and promotional materials. The Class I designation also applies to devices for which
there is insufficient information to determine that general controls are sufficient to provide reasonable assurance of the safety and
effectiveness of the device or to establish special controls to provide such assurance, but that are not life-supporting or life-sustaining
or for a use which is of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human health, and that do not present a potential, unreasonable
risk of illness or injury. 

12 

Class II devices are those for which general controls alone are insufficient
to provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness and there is sufficient information to establish special controls. 
These special controls can include performance standards, post-market surveillance requirements, patient registries and FDA guidance documents
describing device-specific special controls. While most Class I devices are exempt from the 510(k) premarket notification requirement,
most Class II devices require a clearance of a 510(k) premarket notification prior to commercialization in the United States; however,
the FDA has the authority to exempt Class II devices from the premarket notification requirement under certain circumstances. As a result,
manufacturers of most Class II devices must submit 510(k) premarket notifications to the FDA in order to obtain the necessary clearance
to market or commercially distribute such devices. To obtain 510(k) clearance, manufacturers must submit to the FDA adequate information
demonstrating that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to a predicate device that is already on
the market. A predicate device is a legally marketed device that is not subject to PMA, meaning, (i) a device that was legally marketed
prior to May 28, 1976 preamendments device and for which a PMA is not required, (ii) a device that has been reclassified
from Class III to Class II or I, or (iii) a device that was found substantially equivalent through the 510(k) process. If the FDA agrees
that the device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device identified by the applicant in a premarket notification submission,
the FDA will grant 510(k) clearance for the new device, permitting the applicant to commercialize the device. Premarket notifications
are subject to user fees, unless a specific exemption applies. 

If there is no adequate predicate to which a manufacturer can compare
its proposed device, the proposed device is automatically classified as a Class III device. In such cases, a device manufacturer must
then fulfill the more rigorous PMA requirements or can request a risk-based classification determination for its device in accordance
with the de novo classification process. 

Devices that are intended to be life sustaining or life supporting,
devices that are implantable, devices that present a potential unreasonable risk of harm or are of substantial importance in preventing
impairment of health, and devices that are not substantially equivalent to a predicate device and for which safety and effectiveness cannot
be assured solely by the general controls and special controls are placed in Class III. Such devices generally require FDA approval through
the PMA process, unless the device is a preamendments device not yet subject to a regulation requiring premarket approval. The PMA process
is more demanding than the 510(k) process. For a PMA, the manufacturer must demonstrate through extensive data, including data from preclinical
studies and one or more clinical trials, that the device is safe and effective for its proposed indication. The PMA must also contain
a full description of the device and its components, a full description of the methods, facilities and controls used for manufacturing,
and proposed labeling. Following receipt of a PMA submission, the FDA determines whether the application is sufficiently complete to permit
a substantive review. If the FDA accepts the application for review, it has 180 days under the FDCA to complete its review and determine
whether the proposed device can be approved for commercialization, although in practice, PMA reviews often take significantly longer,
and it can take up to several years for the FDA to issue a final decision. Before approving a PMA, the FDA generally also performs an
on-site inspection of manufacturing facilities for the product to ensure compliance with the QSR. 

The de novo classification process allows a manufacturer whose novel
device is automatically classified into Class III to request down-classification of its device to Class I or Class II, on the basis that
the device presents low or moderate risk, as an alternative to following the typical Class III device pathway requiring the submission
and approval of a PMA application. Under the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act of 2012, the FDA is required to classify
a device within 120 days following receipt of the de novo classification request from an applicant; however, the most recent FDA premarket
review goals state that in fiscal year 2023, FDA will attempt to issue a decision within 150 days of receipt on 70 of all de novo classification
requests received during the year. If the manufacturer seeks reclassification into Class II, the classification request must include a
draft proposal for special controls that are necessary to provide a reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the medical
device. The FDA may reject the classification request if it identifies a legally marketed predicate device that would be appropriate for
a 510(k) notification or determines that the device is not low to moderate risk or that general controls would be inadequate to control
the risks and special controls cannot be developed. De novo classification requests are subject to user fees, unless a specific exemption
applies. 

13 

Clinical trials are almost always required to support PMAs and are
sometimes required to support 510(k) and de novo classification submissions. All clinical investigations of devices to determine safety
and effectiveness must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s investigational device exemption, (or IDE), regulations that govern
investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion of investigational devices, and specify recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities
of study sponsors and study investigators. If the device presents a significant risk, as defined by the FDA, the FDA requires
the device sponsor to submit an IDE application to the FDA, which must become effective prior to commencing human clinical trials. The
IDE will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA denies the application or notifies us that the
investigation is on hold and may not begin until the sponsor provides supplemental information about the investigation that satisfies
the FDA s concerns. If the FDA determines that there are deficiencies or other concerns with an IDE that require modification of
the study, the FDA may permit a clinical trial to proceed under a conditional approval. In addition, the study must be approved by, and
conducted under the oversight of, an institutional review board, (or IRB), for each clinical site. If the device presents a non-significant
risk to the patient according to criteria established by the FDA as part of the IDE regulations, a sponsor may begin the clinical trial
after obtaining approval for the trial by one or more IRBs without separate authorization from the FDA, but must still comply with abbreviated
IDE requirements, such as monitoring the investigation, ensuring that the investigators obtain informed consent, and labeling and record-keeping
requirements. 

Post-Marketing Restrictions and Enforcement 

After a device is placed on the market, numerous regulatory requirements
apply. These include, but are not limited to: 

submitting and updating establishment registration and device listings with the FDA; 

compliance with the QSR, which requires manufacturers to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation, record maintenance, including maintenance of complaint and related investigation files, and other quality assurance controls during the manufacturing process; 

unannounced routine or for-cause device facility inspections by the FDA, which may include our suppliers facilities; and 

labeling regulations, which prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared or unapproved (or off-label uses and impose other restrictions relating to promotional activities; 

corrections and removal reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by a device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health; and 

post-market surveillance regulations, which apply to certain Class II or III devices when necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the device. 

In addition, under the FDA medical device reporting, (or MDR), regulations,
medical device manufacturers are required to report to the FDA information that a device has or may have caused or contributed to a death
or serious injury or has malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury if the malfunction of
the device or a similar device of such manufacturer were to recur. The decision to file an MDR involves a judgment by the manufacturer.
If the FDA disagrees with the manufacturer s determination, the FDA can take enforcement action. 

The medical device reporting requirements also extend to health care
facilities that use medical devices in providing care to patients, or device user facilities, which include hospitals, ambulatory
surgical facilities, nursing homes, outpatient diagnostic facilities, or outpatient treatment facilities, but not physician offices. A
device user facility must report any device-related death to both the FDA and the device manufacturer, or any device-related serious injury
to the manufacturer (or, if the manufacturer is unknown, to the FDA) within 10 days of the event. Device user facilities are not required
to report device malfunctions that would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur but may
voluntarily report such malfunctions through MedWatch, the FDA s Safety Information and Adverse Event Reporting Program. 

14 

The FDA also has the authority to require the recall of commercialized
medical device products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture. The authority to require a recall must
be based on an FDA finding that there is a reasonable probability that the device would cause serious adverse health consequences or death.
Manufacturers may, under their own initiative, recall a product if any distributed devices fail to meet established specifications, are
otherwise misbranded or adulterated under the FDCA, or if any other material deficiency is found. The FDA requires that certain classifications
of recalls be reported to the FDA within ten working days after the recall is initiated. 

The failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result
in enforcement action by the FDA, which may include any of the following sanctions: 

warning letters, fines, injunctions or civil penalties; 

recalls, detentions or seizures of products; 

operating restrictions; 

delays in the introduction of products into the market; 

total or partial suspension of production; 

delay or refusal of the FDA or other regulators to grant 510(k) clearance, de novo authorization, PMA approvals, or other marketing authorization to new products; 

withdrawals of marketing authorizations, clearances, or approvals; or 

in the most serious cases, criminal prosecution. 

To ensure compliance with regulatory requirements, medical device manufacturers
are subject to market surveillance and periodic, pre-scheduled and unannounced inspections by the FDA, and these inspections may include
the manufacturing facilities of subcontractors. 

Breakthrough Device Designation 

The 21 st Century Cures Act, which was signed into law on
December 13, 2016, established and directed FDA to implement the Breakthrough Devices Program. Under the program, device manufacturers
may voluntarily request breakthrough designation for devices that provide for more effective treatment or diagnosis of life-threatening
or irreversibly debilitating human disease or conditions over currently available technology and that meet at least one of the following
criteria: 

The device represents breakthrough technology; 

There are no approved or cleared alternatives for the device; 

The device offers significant advantages over existing approved or cleared alternatives; or 

Availability of the device is in the best interest of patients. 

15 

The goal of the Breakthrough Devices Program is to accelerate the timeline
to market for novel devices that will likely provide a benefit to patients. A Breakthrough Device designation offers multiple benefits
to the device manufacturer, including priority review of the pre-market submission for the device, opportunities to interact directly
with FDA s experts throughout the process, and engagement of FDA senior management, to the extent permitted by the FDA s resources. 

In November 2019, we received FDA Breakthrough Device designation for
a prior version of the Vicarious Surgical System with a proposed indication for use in ventral hernia repair procedures. The Vicarious
Surgical System is considered a Class II medical device. We have had pre-submission meetings with the FDA to align on our regulatory strategy
and plan to file a de novo application with the FDA for use in ventral hernia procedures as our first indication. 

A preliminary meeting with the FDA was conducted in December 2021 to
discuss with the FDA our decision to make two technology changes to the Vicarious Surgical System design that was granted Breakthrough
Device designation in November 2019. Based on these changes, the FDA has determined that the current Vicarious Surgical System design
that is planned for the initial limited launch and was submitted to the FDA in the November 2021 FDA pre-submission meeting request is
different from the device that was granted Breakthrough Device designation for the device design filed in November 2019. The FDA stated
that the Breakthrough Device designation remains active for the prior device design granted Breakthrough Device designation in November
2019. In the future, we may attempt to reincorporate the technologies from such prior device design to leverage the previously granted
Breakthrough Device designation. The process of medical device development is inherently uncertain and there is no guarantee that a Breakthrough
Device designation will be granted to a different device design, and if it were granted, there is no guarantee that such designation will
accelerate the timeline for authorization or make it more likely that the Vicarious Surgical System will be authorized. 

Federal Trade Commission Regulatory Oversight 

Our advertising for our products and services is subject to federal
truth-in-advertising laws enforced by the Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, as well as comparable state consumer protection laws.
Under the Federal Trade Commission Act, or the FTC Act, the FTC is empowered, among other things, to (a) prevent unfair methods of competition
and unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce; (b) seek monetary redress and other relief for conduct injurious to
consumers; and (c) gather and compile information and conduct investigations relating to the organization, business, practices, and management
of entities engaged in commerce. The FTC has very broad enforcement authority, and failure to abide by the substantive requirements of
the FTC Act and other consumer protection laws can result in administrative or judicial penalties, including civil penalties, injunctions
affecting the manner in which we would be able to market services or products in the future, or criminal prosecution. 

Healthcare Law and Regulation 

If the Vicarious Surgical System or our other product candidates are
authorized in the United States, we will have to comply with various U.S. federal and state laws, rules and regulations pertaining
to healthcare fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback laws and physician self-referral laws, rules and regulations. Violations of the
fraud and abuse laws are punishable by criminal and civil sanctions, including, in some instances, exclusion from participation in federal
and state healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. These laws include the following: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid; 

the federal False Claims Act imposes civil penalties, and provides for civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 

16 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and its implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 

the federal false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services; 

the federal transparency requirements under the Physician Payments Sunshine Act require manufacturers of FDA-cleared, authorized, or approved drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies covered by Medicare or Medicaid to report, on an annual basis, to the Department of Health and Human Services information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians, teaching hospitals, and certain advanced non-physician health care practitioners and physician ownership and investment interests; and 

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by nongovernmental third-party payors, including private insurers. 

Some state laws require pharmaceutical or medical device companies
to comply with the relevant industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
government in addition to requiring drug and device manufacturers to report information related to payments to physicians and other health
care providers or marketing expenditures. 

State and foreign laws also govern the privacy and security of health
information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus
complicating compliance efforts. We also may be subject to, or may in the future become subject to, U.S. federal and state, and foreign
laws and regulations imposing obligations on how we collect, use, disclose, store and process personal information. Our actual or perceived
failure to comply with such obligations could result in liability or reputational harm and could harm our business. Ensuring compliance
with such laws could also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our customer base and thereby decrease our future revenues. 

We recognize the risk of cybersecurity incidents and work to constantly
evolve our incident response plans as the known threat vectors emerge. We vet and verify the cybersecurity practices and compliance of
our vendors to ensure they follow established guidelines, compliance requirements, and best practices related to their industry. Internally,
we utilize a cybersecurity maturity model based on federal standards to track and report on the current and future compliance and progress
within the multiple areas of compliance and concern. We intend to make steady measured improvements to our cybersecurity maturity along
with investments in tools, and services that are aligned with our growth and maturity. We intend to adhere to a baseline of best practices
that include proper use of encryption of data and communications, policies and procedures, and mitigation/validation practices that seek
to ensure the approach is meeting or exceeding our commitment to our plan. 

Third-Party Coverage and Reimbursement 

In the United States, third-party payors, including government
health programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, commercial health insurers and managed care organizations, are responsible for hospital
and surgeon reimbursement for covered surgical procedures. Third-party payors generally reimburse hospitals and physicians for surgery
when the procedure is considered medically necessary. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, manages the Medicare program
and administers the Medicaid program in conjunction with applicable state governments. Many commercial health insurers model their reimbursement
methodologies after the Medicare program. As the single largest payor, the Medicare program has a significant impact on other third-party
payors payment systems. 

17 

Generally, reimbursement for professional services performed at a facility
by physicians is reported under billing codes issued by the American Medical Association, or AMA, known as Current Procedural Terminology,
or CPT, codes. Physician reimbursement under Medicare generally is based on a fee schedule and determined by the relative value of the
professional service rendered. In addition, CMS and the National Center for Health Statistics are jointly responsible for overseeing changes
and modifications to billing codes used by hospitals to report inpatient procedures, known as ICD-10-PCS codes. Under the Medicare program,
CMS generally reimburses hospitals for services provided during an inpatient stay based on a prospective payment system that is determined
by a classification system known as Medicare-Severity Diagnostic Related Groupings, or MS-DRGs. MS-DRGs are assigned using a number of
factors, including the principal diagnosis, major procedures, discharged status, patient age, and complicating secondary diagnoses, among
other things. Hospital outpatient services, reported by CPT codes, are assigned to clinically relevant Ambulatory Payment Classifications
used to determine the payment amount for services provided. 

Since October 1, 2015, a new family of ICD-10-PCS codes can be
used, in conjunction with other applicable procedure codes, to describe various robotic-assisted procedures. An inpatient surgical procedure,
completed with or without robotic assistance, continues to be assigned to the clinically relevant MS-DRG. 

Third-party payors carefully review and increasingly challenge the
prices charged for medical products and surgical services. Reimbursement rates from commercial health insurers vary depending on the procedure
performed, the specific payor s reimbursement policies, contract terms, and other factors. Because both hospitals and physicians
may receive the same reimbursement for a surgical procedure, whether it is performed with robotic assistance or not and regardless of
actual costs incurred in furnishing the patient care, including for the specific medical products or supplies used during that procedure,
hospitals and physicians may decide not to use our products if reimbursement amounts are insufficient to cover any additional costs incurred
when purchasing and using our products. 

For procedures that would involve assistance from our robotic-assisted
surgical system, U.S. health care institutions typically bill various third-party payors, such as government health programs (e.g.,
Medicare and Medicaid) and commercial health insurance plans, for the primary surgical procedure only. If our robotic-assisted surgical
system receives marketing authorization from the FDA, coverage and reimbursement by third-party payors will generally be determined by
the medical necessity of the primary surgical procedure. Government health programs and other third-party payors may also consider additional
factors when determining coverage and reimbursement, including the designation of the surgical procedure as a covered benefit, the appropriateness
of the procedure for the specific patient, guidelines for the procedure established by the relevant professional college or medical society,
and a payor determination that the procedure is neither experimental nor investigational. We believe that the procedures we intend to
pursue as indications for use for our robotic-assisted surgical system are established surgical procedures that are generally already
reimbursable by government health programs, commercial health insurers, and managed care organizations for appropriately selected patients.
If hospitals do not obtain sufficient reimbursement from third-party payors for procedures performed with our products, or if government
and commercial payors policies do not cover surgical procedures performed using our products, we may not be able to generate the
revenues necessary to support our business. 

In the United States, there have been, and continue to be, a number
of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended
by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the ACA ), was enacted. The ACA made changes that have
significantly impacted healthcare providers, insurers, and manufacturers of pharmaceuticals and medical devices. For example, the ACA
included a number of provisions designed to generate the revenues necessary to fund health insurance coverage expansion, including, but
not limited to, fees or taxes on certain health-related industries, including medical device manufacturers. 

18 

There remain judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects
of the ACA, and as a result certain of its sections have not been fully implemented or effectively repealed. In particular, in December
of 2018, a Texas U.S. District Court Judge ruled that the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate
was repealed by Congress as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, effective January 1, 2019. In December 2019, the Fifth Circuit
Court of Appeals upheld the district court s ruling that the individual mandate in the ACA was unconstitutional but remanded the
case to the district court to determine whether other reforms enacted as part of the ACA but not specifically related to the individual
mandate or health insurance could be severed from the rest of the ACA so as not to have the law declared invalid in its entirety. On March 2,
2020, the U.S. Supreme Court granted the petitions for writs of certiorari to review this case and allocated one hour for oral arguments,
which occurred on November 10, 2020. On February 10, 2021, the Department of Justice sent a letter to the U.S. Supreme Court that
stated the new administration believes the individual mandate and its tax penalty are constitutional, and if the Court determines that
they are not, the provision can be severed from the remainder of the act. With this letter, the Biden administration reversed the Trump
administration position that was presented to the Court. The Trump administration had claimed that the tax provision is unconstitutional
and could not be separated from the ACA, making the entire ACA unconstitutional as a result. The U.S. Supreme Court held in a 7 2
opinion that the states and individuals that brought the lawsuit challenging the ACA s individual mandate do not have standing to
challenge the law. The U.S. Supreme Court did not reach the merits of the challenge, but the decision ends the case. It is unclear how
potential litigation and other efforts to repeal and replace the ACA will affect the implementation of that law, the pharmaceutical and
medical device industries more generally, and our business. Additionally, the 2020 federal spending package permanently eliminated, effective
January 1, 2020, the ACA-mandated Cadillac tax on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage and medical device tax
and, effective January 1, 2021, also eliminates the health insurer tax. In addition, CMS published a final rule that would give states
greater flexibility, effective January 1, 2020, in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces,
which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. We
continue to evaluate the potential impact of the ACA and its possible repeal or replacement on our business. 

In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted
since the ACA was enacted. These changes include aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year pursuant
to the Budget Control Act of 2011, which began in 2013 and will remain in effect through 2031 unless additional Congressional
action is taken. However, the Medicare sequester reductions were temporarily suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Medicare sequester
reductions phased back in starting with a 1 reduction in effect from April 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 before increasing to the full 2 
reduction. 

On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012
was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals,
imaging centers, and cancer treatment centers. The Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, enacted on April 16,
2015, or MACRA, repealed the formula by which Medicare made annual payment adjustments to physicians and replaced the former formula with
fixed annual updates and a new system of incentive payments that began in 2019 and are based on various performance measures and physicians 
participation in alternative payment models, such as accountable care organizations. Individual states in the U.S. have also become
increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control medical product pricing, including price
or patient reimbursement constraints and discounts, and require marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures. Most recently, the
Biden Administration has indicated that lowering healthcare costs and ensuring equitable patient access to medical care is a priority,
but we do not yet know what steps the administration will take or whether such steps will be successful. 

We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation
that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. We expect that
additional state and federal health care reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal
and state governments will pay for health care products and services. Moreover, if we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing
requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our medical devices
may lose any marketing authorization that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely
affect our business. 

19 

Human Capital 

As of February 6, 2023, we had 213 employees, 123 of whom were engaged
directly in research, development, regulatory and clinical activities, 51 in manufacturing and quality assurance and 39 in marketing,
sales, and administrative activities. 

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 

We recognize the value associated with the development of an inclusive
work environment, where employees experience a sense of belonging. We further recognize the vital role of DE I not only to our employees,
but in our relationships with our customers and suppliers. Our goal is to cultivate a respectful and professional culture where all voices
are heard and valued. We regularly conduct employee engagement and pulse surveys with questions focused on DE I in order to identify
themes and trends, so that we know where to focus our efforts. 

Diverse Talent Recruitment Hiring 

Our interview teams and hiring managers are equipped with a structured
approach to interviewing and hiring. This ensures that each candidate is evaluated consistently against job specific competencies leading
to objective and fair hiring decisions. Our Talent Acquisition Partners are trained to recognize and address any potential unconscious
biases. We intentionally identified Respect for Differences as one of our core management competencies, as we expect our
leaders to serve as role models for valuing people of different backgrounds, cultures, and demographics. 

Employee Compensation and Benefits 

Employees at all levels of our organization are eligible for a company
bonus and equity program. In addition, we offer a competitive base salary and a full suite of benefits that we regularly review to ensure
that those benefits continue to meet the needs of our employees. Compensation and benefits are paired with talent management programs
to retain and develop our team, and to attract new talent. 

Physical, mental, and financial wellness are front and center in our
benefits offerings. We provide access to external experts and resources to assist employees and their families. Additionally, we offer
incentives and rewards to encourage healthy behaviors. Financially, we provide access to a financial advisory service, access to an online
financial wellness assessment and education service, free webinars, and offer a company 401(k) match. 

Facilities 

Our principal executive offices are currently located at 78 Fourth
Avenue, Waltham, Massachusetts 02451, consisting of approximately 42,000 square feet. On October 14, 2021, we entered into a lease amendment
pursuant to which we agreed to lease additional space consisting of approximately 30,000 square feet located at 62 Fourth Avenue Waltham,
MA 02451. Pursuant to the lease amendment, we also extended the term of the original lease for an additional period of three years and
one month. Both leased spaces will expire conterminously on March 31, 2032, with an option to renew for an additional five years until
March 31, 2037. 

Information Available on the Internet 

Our internet address is https://www.vicarioussurgical.com , to
which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as additional information about us. We also maintain an Investor Relations
website as a routine channel for distribution of important information, including news releases, presentations, and financial statements https://investor.vicarioussurgical.com ). We intend to use our Investor Relations website as a means of complying with our disclosure
obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor our Investor Relations website in addition to press releases, Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. Our annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, will be available to you free
of charge through the Investor Relations section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials have been electronically
filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and
information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. We include our web site address
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K only as an inactive textual reference. Information contained in our website does not constitute a part
of this report or our other filings with the SEC. 

20 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Careful consideration should be given to the following risk factors,
in addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section of titled Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related
notes, and in other documents that we file with the SEC, in evaluating our company and our business. Investing in our securities involves
a high degree of risk. If any of the events described in the following risk factors actually occur, our business, financial condition,
results of operations and future growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected and the trading price of our securities could
decline. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of factors that
are described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 

We have a limited operating history on which to assess the prospects
for our business, we have not generated any revenue from sales of the Vicarious Surgical System, and have incurred losses since inception.
We anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for at least the next several years as we develop and commercialize the
Vicarious Surgical System for use in ventral hernia repair procedures and future indications. 

Since inception, we have devoted substantially all of our financial
resources to developing our surgical robot. We have financed our operations primarily through the issuance of equity securities. We have
not generated revenue from the sale of the Vicarious Surgical System to date and have incurred significant losses. We generated net income
of 5.2 million and incurred a net loss of 35.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount of our
future net losses will depend, in part, on future sales and on-going development of the Vicarious Surgical System, the rate of our future
expenditures and our ability to obtain funding through the issuance of our securities, strategic collaborations or grants. We expect to
continue to incur significant losses for at least the next several years as we commercialize the Vicarious Surgical System for use in
ventral hernia repair procedures and seeks to develop and commercialize new surgical applications for the Vicarious Surgical System, such
as gynecological, urological or other general surgical applications. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and
as we: 

continue to build our sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize our Vicarious Surgical System for use in ventral hernia repair procedures; 

continue to develop the Vicarious Surgical System; 

seek to identify, assess, acquire, license and/or develop other product candidates and technologies or components thereof and subsequent generations of our current product candidates and technologies; 

seek to maintain, protect and expand our intellectual property portfolio; 

seek to attract and retain skilled personnel; and 

support our operations as a public company. 

21 

Our ability to generate future revenue from the Vicarious Surgical
System sales depends heavily on our success in many areas, including but not limited to: 

launching and commercializing current and future uses for the Vicarious Surgical System, either directly or in conjunction with one or more collaborators or distributors; 

obtaining and maintaining regulatory authorization with respect to each application for the Vicarious Surgical System and maintaining regulatory compliance throughout relevant jurisdictions; 

maintaining clinical and economical value for end-users and customers in changing environments; 

addressing any competing technological and market developments; 

negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter; 

establishing and maintaining distribution relationships with third-parties that can provide adequate (in amount and quality) infrastructure to support market demand for the Vicarious Surgical System; and 

maintaining, protecting and expanding our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and know-how. 

We have incurred significant losses since inception. As such,
you cannot rely upon our historical operating performance to make an investment or voting decision regarding us. 

Since inception, we have engaged in research and development activities.
We have financed our operations primarily through the issuance of equity securities. Our accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 was
 61.6 million. We do not know whether or when we will become profitable. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends
upon our ability to accelerate the commercialization of the Vicarious Surgical System in line with the demand from new partnerships and
our aggressive business strategy. We may be unable to achieve any or all of these goals. 

We may need to raise additional funding to develop and commercialize
the Vicarious Surgical System and to expand our research and development efforts. This additional financing may not be available on acceptable
terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product commercialization
or development efforts or other operations. 

Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception.
We expect to expend substantial additional amounts to commercialize the Vicarious Surgical System for use in ventral hernia repair procedures
and to develop new surgical applications for the Vicarious Surgical System. We expect to use the funds received in connection with the
Business Combination to scale our operations, develop and commercialize the Vicarious Surgical System for use in ventral hernia repair
procedures, develop new surgical applications for the Vicarious Surgical System, such as gynecological, urological or other general surgical
applications, expand internationally, and for working capital and general corporate purposes. We will require additional capital to develop
and commercialize the Vicarious Surgical System for abdominal surgeries and to develop the Vicarious Surgical System for new surgical
applications. In addition, our operating plans may change as a result of many factors that may currently be unknown to us, and we may
need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. 

We cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient
amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any future financing may adversely affect the holdings or the
rights of our stockholders and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance,
may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. The incurrence of indebtedness could result in increased fixed payment obligations,
and we may be required to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations
on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our
ability to conduct our business. We could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborative partners or otherwise
at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable, and we may be required to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or otherwise
agree to terms that are unfavorable to us, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects.
In addition, raising additional capital through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities would cause dilution to holders
of our equity securities, and may affect the rights of then-existing holders of our equity securities. Even if we believe that we have
sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans, we may seek additional capital if market conditions are favorable or if we
have specific strategic considerations. 

22 

Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 

We are a development stage company with a limited history of
operations and no products with marketing authorization in any jurisdiction, and we cannot assure you that we will ever have a commercialized
product. 

We are a development stage medical device company with a limited operating
history, and we currently do not have any products authorized for commercialization in any country or jurisdiction or any source of revenue.
We have been engaged in research and product development since our inception in 2014 and have invested all of our time and resources in
developing our technology and the Vicarious Surgical System, which we intend to commercialize initially for use in ventral hernia repair
procedures, followed by subsequent indications. The future success of our business will depend on our ability to obtain regulatory authorization
to market our Vicarious Surgical System, drive adoption, successfully introduce new surgical applications for the Vicarious Surgical System,
establish our sales force and distribution network, and control costs, all of which we may be unable to do. We have a limited history
of operations upon which you can evaluate our business and our operating expenses are increasing. Our lack of a significant operating
history also limits your ability to make a comparative evaluation of us, the Vicarious Surgical System and our prospects. 

If we do not successfully manage the development and launch of
the Vicarious Surgical System, we will not meet the long term forecasts we presented to D8 Holdings and our business, operating and financial
results and condition could be adversely affected. 

We aim to launch the Vicarious Surgical System initially for use in
ventral hernia repair procedures, but to later expand the product to other abdominal surgical applications, including gynecological, urological
and general surgery uses. We face risks associated with developing and launching the Vicarious Surgical System for the first indication
specific use and other surgical applications. We are in the process of developing the Vicarious Surgical System, and will need to complete
beta testing, verification and validation prior to filing de novo authorization with FDA. If we encounter development or manufacturing
challenges or discovers errors during our development cycle, the launch dates of the initial and new surgical applications may be delayed,
which will cause delays in our ability to achieve our forecasted results. The expenses or losses associated with unsuccessful product
development or launch activities or lack of market acceptance of the Vicarious Surgical System could adversely affect our business or
financial condition. 

The market for the Vicarious Surgical System and the use of robotic-assisted
surgical technology is rapidly evolving, and increasingly competitive, as the healthcare industry is undergoing significant structural
change, which makes it difficult to forecast demand for our product candidates and technologies. 

The market for the Vicarious Surgical System and the use of robotic-assisted
surgical technology is rapidly evolving, and it is uncertain whether we will achieve and sustain high levels of demand and market adoption.
Our future financial performance will depend in part on growth in this market and on our ability to adapt to the changing demands of customers.
It is difficult to predict the future growth rate and size of our target market. As a result, the addressable market projections provided
to D8 Holdings for purposes of considering the Business Combination may not be achieved. Negative publicity concerning the Vicarious Surgical
System could limit market acceptance of the Vicarious Surgical System. If our customers do not perceive the benefits of the Vicarious
Surgical System, when or if it is authorized for marketing, or if the Vicarious Surgical System does not attract new customers, then our
market may not develop at all, or it may develop more slowly than we expect. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness
of healthcare organizations to increase their use of our technology and our ability to demonstrate the value of our technology relative
to competing products to existing and potential customers. If healthcare organizations do not recognize or acknowledge the benefits of
the Vicarious Surgical System or if we are unable to reduce healthcare costs or drive positive health outcomes, then the market for our
solutions might not develop at all, or it might develop more slowly than we expect. 

Because our markets are highly competitive, customers may choose
to purchase our competitors products or services or may not accept the Vicarious Surgical System for use in ventral hernia repair
procedures, which would result in a reduced ability to generate future revenue. 

Robotic-assisted surgery using the Vicarious Surgical System is a technology
that competes with established and emerging treatment options in both disease management and reconstructive medical procedures. These
competitive treatment options include conventional open surgery and minimally invasive approaches. Some of these procedures are widely
accepted in the medical community and, in many cases, have a long history of use. Studies could be published that show that other treatment
options are more beneficial and/or cost-effective than robotic-assisted surgery. We cannot be certain that physicians will use our product
candidates to replace or supplement established treatments or that our product candidates will be competitive with current or future technologies,
when or if those product candidates are authorized for marketing. 

23 

Additionally, we face or expect to face competition from companies
that develop or have developed robotic-assisted surgical systems and products. Companies have introduced products in the field of robotic
surgery or have made explicit statements about their efforts to enter the field including, but not limited to, the following companies:
Intuitive Surgical, Inc.; Johnson Johnson (including their wholly-owned subsidiaries Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc., Auris Health, Inc.
and Verb Surgical Inc.); Medtronic plc (including their wholly-owned subsidiary Covidien LP); Virtual Incision Corporation; Titan Medical
Inc.; CMR Surgical Ltd.; and Stryker Corporation. Other companies with substantial experience in industrial robotics could potentially
expand into the field of surgical robotics and become competitors. Our ability to generate future revenue may be reduced due to pricing
pressure if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective or less expensive than our future commercial product candidates.
If we are unable to compete successfully, our ability to generate future revenue will suffer, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, result of operations, or cash flows. 

Our success depends upon market acceptance of the Vicarious Surgical
System for use in ventral hernia repair procedures, our ability to develop and commercialize the Vicarious Surgical System for use in
ventral hernia repair procedures and additional surgical applications and generate revenues, and our ability to identify new markets for
our technology. 

We have developed and are engaged in the development of the Vicarious
Surgical System initially for use in ventral hernia repair procedures. Achieving physician, patient, and third-party payor acceptance
of robotic-assisted surgery as a preferred method of performing surgery is crucial to our success. Our success will depend on the acceptance
of the Vicarious Surgical System in the United States and global health care markets, when or if it is authorized for marketing in those
jurisdictions. We are faced with the risk that the marketplace will not be receptive to the Vicarious Surgical System over competing products,
including traditional and existing robotic-assisted surgical procedures used in hospitals and ambulatory surgical centers, or ASCs, and
that we will be unable to compete effectively. Factors that could affect our ability to successfully commercialize the Vicarious Surgical
System for use in ventral hernia repair procedures and to commercialize any potential future product candidates and technologies include: 

challenges of developing or acquiring externally-developed technology solutions that are adequate and competitive in meeting the requirements of next-generation design challenges; and 

dependence upon hospitals, ASCs, surgeons and other healthcare practitioners acceptance of the Vicarious Surgical System. 

Even if we can prove the safety and effectiveness of the Vicarious
Surgical System and it receives marketing authorization, hospitals, ASCs, or surgeons may elect not to use it. In addition, hospitals,
ASCs and surgeons may be slow to adopt the Vicarious Surgical System because of the perceived liability risks arising from the use of
new products and the uncertainty of reimbursement from third-party payors, particularly in light of ongoing healthcare reform initiatives
and the evolving healthcare environment. 

Broad use of the Vicarious Surgical System will require training of
surgical teams. We expect that there will be a learning process involved for surgical teams to become proficient in the use of the Vicarious
Surgical System. Market acceptance could be delayed due to the time required to complete this training. We may not be able to rapidly
train surgical teams in numbers sufficient to generate adequate demand for our product candidates. We cannot assure investors that the
Vicarious Surgical System or any future product candidates and technologies will gain broad market acceptance. If the market for the Vicarious
Surgical System or any future product candidates and technologies fail to develop or develops more slowly than expected, or do not achieve
or sustain market acceptance, our business and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. 

Surgeons, hospitals, ASCs and distributors may have existing
relationships with other medical device companies that make it difficult for us to establish new relationships with them, and as a result,
we may not be able to sell and market the Vicarious Surgical System effectively. 

We believe that to sell and market the Vicarious Surgical System effectively,
when or if the product receives marketing authorization, we must establish relationships with key surgeons, hospitals and ASCs in the
field of abdominal surgery. Many of these key surgeons, hospitals and ASCs already have long-standing relationships with large, well-known
companies that dominate the medical device industry through collaborative research programs and other relationships. Because of these
existing relationships, some of which may be contractually enforced, surgeons, hospitals and ASCs may be reluctant to adopt the Vicarious
Surgical System, particularly if it competes with or has the potential to compete with products and technologies supported by these existing
relationships or through their own collaborative research programs. Even if these surgeons, hospitals and ASCs purchase the Vicarious
Surgical System, they may be unwilling to enter into collaborative relationships with us to promote joint marketing programs or to provide
us with clinical and financial data. 

24 

Any failure in our efforts to train surgeons, hospital or ASC
staff could result in lower than expected product sales and potential liabilities. 

A critical component of our future sales and marketing efforts is the
training of a sufficient number of surgeons and hospital staff to properly use the Vicarious Surgical System, when or if it is authorized
for marketing. We rely on surgeons and hospital staff to devote adequate time to learn to use our future product candidates and technologies.
Convincing surgeons, hospital and ASC staff to dedicate the time and resources necessary for adequate training in the use of the Vicarious
Surgical System will be challenging, and we cannot assure you we will be successful in these efforts. If surgeons, hospital or ASC staff
are not properly trained, they may misuse or ineffectively use the Vicarious Surgical System. If nurses or other members of the hospital
or ASC staff are not adequately trained to assist in using the Vicarious Surgical System, surgeons may be unable to use the Vicarious
Surgical System. Insufficient training may result in unsatisfactory patient outcomes, patient injury and related liability or negative
publicity, which could have an adverse effect on our product sales or create substantial potential liabilities. 

Robotic-assisted surgical device development is costly and involves
continual technological change, which may render the Vicarious Surgical System obsolete. 

The market for robotic-assisted surgical devices is characterized by
rapid technological change, medical advances and evolving industry standards. Any one of these factors could reduce the demand for the
Vicarious Surgical System, when or if it is authorized for marketing, or require substantial resources and expenditures for research,
design and development to avoid technological or market obsolescence. 

Our success will depend on our ability to enhance our current technology,
services and systems and develop or acquire and market new technologies to keep pace with technological developments and evolving industry
standards, while responding to changes in customer needs. A failure to adequately develop or acquire device enhancements or new devices
that will address changing technologies and customer requirements adequately, or to introduce such devices on a timely basis, may have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We might have insufficient financial resources to improve existing
devices, advance technologies and develop new devices at competitive prices. Technological advances by one or more competitors or future
entrants into the field may result in the Vicarious Surgical System becoming non-competitive or obsolete, which may decrease revenues
and profits and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We may encounter significant competition across our existing and future
planned product candidates and technologies and in each market in which we sell or plan to sell the Vicarious Surgical System from various
companies, many of which have greater financial and marketing resources than us. Our primary competitors include Intuitive Surgical, Johnson
 Johnson (including their wholly-owned subsidiaries Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc., Auris Health, Inc. and Verb Surgical Inc.), and Medtronic,
which are currently the top manufacturers of robotic-assisted surgical devices. 

In addition, our primary competitors, which are well-established medical
device manufacturers with significant resources, may engage in aggressive marketing tactics. Competitors may also possess the ability
to commercialize additional lines of products, bundle products or offer higher discounts and incentives to customers in order to gain
a competitive advantage. If the prices of competing products are lowered as a result, we may not be able to compete effectively. 

25 

We are highly dependent upon the continued contributions of our
co-founder, Chief Executive Officer and President, Adam Sachs, and our co-founder and Chief Technology Officer, Sammy Khalifa. The loss
of their services could harm our business, and if we are unable to attract, recruit, train, retain, motivate and integrate key personnel,
we may not achieve our goals. 

Our future success depends on our ability to attract, recruit, train,
retain, motivate and integrate key personnel, including our co-founder, Chief Executive Officer and President, Adam Sachs, and our co-founder
and Chief Technology Officer, Sammy Khalifa, as well as our management team and our research and development, manufacturing, sales and
marketing personnel. Our future business and results of operations depend in significant part upon the continued contributions of Messrs.
Sachs and Khalifa. If we were to lose their services or if they fail to perform in their current positions, or if we are not able to attract
and retain skilled employees in addition to Messrs. Sachs and Khalifa, this could adversely affect the development and implementation
of our business plan and substantially harm our business. Competition for qualified personnel is intense. 

In addition, we rely upon technical and scientific employees or third-party
contractors to effectively establish, manage and grow our business. Consequently, we believe that our future viability will depend largely
on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled robotics engineers, artificial intelligence engineers, software engineers, hardware
engineers and optical engineers, as well as other managerial, sales, scientific and technical personnel. In order to effectively recruit
these personnel, we may need to pay higher compensation or fees to our employees or consultants than we currently expect, and such higher
compensation payments may have a negative effect on our operating results. Competition for experienced, high-quality personnel is intense,
and we cannot assure investors that we will be able to recruit and retain such personnel. Our growth depends, in particular, on attracting
and retaining highly trained sales personnel with the necessary technical background and ability to understand the Vicarious Surgical
System at a technical level to effectively identify and sell to potential new customers and develop new uses for the Vicarious Surgical
System. Because of the technical and complex nature of the Vicarious Surgical System and the dynamic market in which we compete in, any
failure to attract, recruit, train, retain, motivate and integrate qualified personnel could materially delay development of the Vicarious
Surgical System and harm our operating results and growth prospects. 

We will need to expand our organization, and we may experience
difficulties in recruiting needed additional employees and consultants, which could disrupt our operations. 

As our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop,
we will need additional managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial, legal and other resources. The competition for qualified
personnel in the medical device industry is intense. Due to this intense competition, we may be unable to attract and retain the qualified
personnel necessary for the development of our business or to recruit suitable replacement personnel. 

Our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of our
attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. We may not
be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, operational mistakes,
loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Our expected growth could require
significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of additional surgical
applications for the Vicarious Surgical System. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase
more than expected, our ability to generate and/or grow revenue could be reduced and we may not be able to implement our business strategy.
Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize the Vicarious Surgical System and compete effectively will depend, in
part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. 

26 

We have no experience in marketing and selling the Vicarious
Surgical System and if we are unable to successfully commercialize the Vicarious Surgical System, our business and operating results will
be adversely affected. 

We have no experience marketing and selling the Vicarious Surgical
System, should we receive marketing authorization from the FDA and other regulatory authorities. We currently intend to sell the Vicarious
Surgical System to hospitals and ASCs. Future sales of the Vicarious Surgical System will depend in large part on our ability to effectively
market and sell the Vicarious Surgical System, successfully manage and expand our sales force, and increase the scope of our marketing
efforts. We may also enter into distribution arrangements in the future. Because we have limited experience in marketing and selling the
Vicarious Surgical System, our ability to forecast demand, the infrastructure required to support such demand and the sales cycle to customers
is unproven. If we do not build an efficient and effective marketing and sales force, our business and operating results will be adversely
affected. 

We expect to generate an increasing portion of our revenue internationally
in the future and may become subject to various additional risks relating to our international activities, which could adversely affect
our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We intend to generate revenues from international sources as we expand
our sales and marketing opportunities internationally. We have limited experience operating internationally and engaging in international
business involves a number of difficulties and risks, including: 

the challenges associated with building local brand awareness, obtaining local key opinion leader support and clinical support, implementing reimbursement strategies and building local marketing and sales teams; 

required compliance with foreign regulatory requirements and laws, including regulations and laws relating to patient data and medical devices; 

trade relations among the United States and those foreign countries in which our future customers, distributors, manufacturers and suppliers have operations, including protectionist measures such as tariffs and import or export licensing requirements, whether imposed by the United States or such foreign countries; 

difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations; 

difficulties protecting, procuring or enforcing intellectual property rights internationally; 

required compliance with anti-bribery laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, data privacy requirements, labor laws and anti-competition regulations; 

laws and business practices that may favor local companies; 

longer payment cycles and difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; 

political and economic instability and war or other military conflict, including the ongoing conflict occurring in Ukraine, which could have a material adverse impact on our sales in Europe and elsewhere; and 

potentially adverse tax consequences, tariffs, customs charges, bureaucratic requirements and other trade barriers. 

We dedicate significant resources to our international operations and
are unable to manage these risks effectively, our business, operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

If we experience decreasing prices for our product candidates
and technologies and are unable to reduce our expenses, including the per unit cost of producing our product candidates and technologies,
there may be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We may experience decreasing prices for the Vicarious Surgical System
upon regulatory authorization due to pricing pressure from managed care organizations and other third-party payors and suppliers, increased
market power of our payors as the medical device industry consolidates, and increased competition among suppliers, including manufacturing
services providers. If the prices for the Vicarious Surgical System decrease and we are unable to reduce our expenses, including the cost
of sourcing materials, logistics and the cost to manufacture the Vicarious Surgical System, our business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. To the extent that we engage in sales to large hospital networks, we may be subject
to procurement discounts, which could have a negative impact on the prices of our product candidates and technologies. 

27 

We may experience manufacturing problems or delays that could
limit the growth of our revenue or increase our losses. 

We may encounter unforeseen situations that would result in delays
or shortfalls in our production as well as delays or shortfalls caused by our outsourced manufacturing suppliers and by other third-party
suppliers who manufacture components for the Vicarious Surgical System. The FDA has established comprehensive and prescriptive regulations
for manufacturers of finished medical devices and device components, which require them to establish and maintain processes and procedures
to adequately control device manufacturing operations and environmental conditions that could adversely affect product quality and impact
patient safety. Clean room standards are an example of these requirements. The failure of us or our third-party component manufacturers
or suppliers to comply with applicable standards and regulatory requirements could delay the production of the Vicarious Surgical System. 

We or our third-party component manufacturers or suppliers may encounter
difficulties in scaling up or maintaining production relating to the Vicarious Surgical System, including: 

problems involving production yields; 

quality control and assurance; 

component or material supply shortages; 

import or export restrictions on components, materials or technology; 

shortages of qualified personnel; and 

compliance with state and federal regulations. 

If we are unable to keep up with demand for the Vicarious Surgical
System, our future revenue could be impaired, market acceptance for the Vicarious Surgical System could be adversely affected and our
customers might instead purchase our competitors products. Our inability to successfully manufacture the Vicarious Surgical System
would have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

We rely on limited or sole suppliers for some of the materials
and components used in the Vicarious Surgical System, and may not be able to find replacements or immediately transition to alternative
suppliers, which could require us to redesign aspects of the Vicarious Surgical System and which would have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 

We rely on limited or sole suppliers for certain materials and components
that are used in the Vicarious Surgical System. While we periodically forecast our needs for such materials and enters into standard purchase
orders with them, we do not have long-term contracts with some of these suppliers. If we were to lose such suppliers, or if such suppliers
were unable to fulfill our orders or to meet our manufacturing specifications, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify
or enter into agreements with alternative suppliers on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, if at all. Furthermore, if we are required
to change the manufacturer of a key component of the Vicarious Surgical System, we would be required to verify that the new manufacturer
maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations and guidelines, and we may
be required to redesign aspects of the Vicarious Surgical System to accommodate the new component, which would result in significant delays
and additional costs. An interruption in our operations could occur if we encounter delays or difficulties in redesigning the Vicarious
Surgical System, or securing these materials and components, or if the quality of the materials and components supplied do not meet our
requirements, or if we cannot then obtain an acceptable substitute. The time and effort required to redesign the Vicarious Surgical System,
or to qualify a new supplier and ensure that the new materials and components provide the same or better quality results could result
in significant additional costs. Any such interruption could significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and reputation. While we believe that our supplies of components and materials are currently sufficient for us to continue the development
of our product candidates and technologies without a disruption to our business, in the event that we must replace one of our suppliers,
there can be no assurance that we can maintain this level of inventory in the future. 

28 

Acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic alliances could disrupt
our business, cause dilution to our stockholders and otherwise harm our business. 

We may acquire other businesses or product candidates and technologies,
as well as pursue strategic alliances, joint ventures, technology licenses or investments in complementary businesses. We have not engaged
in any of these strategic transactions to date, except for our Center of Excellence partners, and our ability to do so successfully is
unproven. Any of these strategic transactions could be material to our financial condition and operating results and expose us to many
risks, including: 

disruption in our relationships with customers, distributors, manufacturers or suppliers as a result of such a transaction; 

unanticipated liabilities related to acquired companies; 

difficulties integrating acquired personnel, technologies and operations into our existing business; 

diversion of management s time and focus away from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges; 

increases in our expenses and reductions in our cash available for operations and other uses; and 

possible write-offs or impairment charges relating to acquired businesses. 

Foreign acquisitions involve unique risks in addition to those mentioned
above, including those related to the integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular
economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 

In addition, the anticipated benefit of any acquisition may not materialize.
Future acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent
liabilities or amortization expenses or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. We cannot predict the
number, timing or size of future joint ventures, strategic alliances or acquisitions, if any, or the effect that any such transactions
might have on our operating results. 

If we do not successfully develop, optimize and operate our sales
and distribution channels or we do not effectively expand and update infrastructure, our operating results and customer experience may
be negatively impacted. 

If we do not adequately predict market demand or otherwise develop,
optimize and operate our sales and distribution channels successfully, it could result in excess or insufficient inventory or fulfillment
capacity, increased costs, or immediate shortages in product or component supply, or harm our business in other ways. In addition, if
we do not maintain adequate infrastructure to enable us to, among other things, manage our purchasing and inventory, it could negatively
impact our operating results. 

If we are unable to continue the development of an adequate sales
and marketing organization and/or if our direct sales organization is not successful, we may have difficulty achieving market awareness
and selling our product and technologies in the future. 

We must develop and grow our sales and marketing organization and enter
into partnerships or other arrangements to market and sell our product candidates and technologies and/or collaborate with third parties,
including distributors and others, to market and sell our product candidates and technologies to develop and maintain the commercial success
of the Vicarious Surgical System, when or if we are authorized for marketing, and to achieve commercial success for any of our future
product candidates and technologies. Developing and managing a direct sales organization is a difficult, expensive and time-consuming
process. 

29 

To develop our sales and marketing organization to successfully achieve
market awareness and sell our product candidates and technologies after they receive appropriate marketing authorization, we must: 

continue to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective and experienced sales and marketing personnel; 

effectively train our sales and marketing personnel in the benefits and risks of the Vicarious Surgical System; 

establish and maintain successful sales, marketing, training and education programs that educate health care professionals so they can appropriately inform their patients about the Vicarious Surgical System; 

manage geographically dispersed sales and marketing operations; and 

effectively train our sales and marketing personnel on the applicable fraud and abuse laws that govern interactions with health care practitioners as well as current and prospective patients and maintain active oversight and auditing measures to ensure continued compliance. 

We may not be able to successfully manage our sales force or increase
our product sales at acceptable rates. 

If we are unable to establish and maintain adequate sales and
marketing capabilities or enter into and maintain arrangements with third parties to sell and market the Vicarious Surgical System, our
business may be harmed. 

We cannot guarantee that we will be able to establish and maintain
an adequate volume of sales in the future. A substantial reduction in sales could have a material adverse effect on our operating performance.
To the extent that we enter into additional arrangements with third parties to perform sales or marketing services in the United States,
Europe or other countries, our product margins could be lower than if we directly marketed and sold the Vicarious Surgical System. To
the extent that we enter into co-promotion or other marketing and sales arrangements with other companies, any revenue received will depend
on the skills and efforts of others, and we cannot predict whether these efforts will be successful. In addition, the growth of market
acceptance of the Vicarious Surgical System by healthcare practitioners outside of the United States will largely depend on our ability
to continue to demonstrate the relative safety, effectiveness, reliability, cost-effectiveness and ease of use of the Vicarious Surgical
System. If we are unable to do so, we may not be able to increase product revenue from our sales efforts in other countries. If we are
unable to establish and maintain adequate sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, independently or with others, our future revenue
may be reduced and our business may be harmed. 

Quality problems could lead to recalls or safety alerts and/or
reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The quality of our product candidates and technologies and future commercial
product candidates and technologies is very important to us and our customers due to the serious and costly consequences of product failure.
Our success depends on the quality and reliability of the Vicarious Surgical System. Our business exposes us to potential product liability
risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture, and marketing of medical devices. While we take measures to ensure that components,
product candidates and technologies are manufactured to stringent quality specifications, The Vicarious Surgical System incorporates mechanical
parts, electrical components, optical components, packaging and computer software, any of which may contain errors or exhibit failures,
especially when the finished system is first introduced. In addition, new product candidates or modifications may contain undetected errors
or performance problems that, despite testing, are discovered only after marketing authorization and commercial shipment. Because the
Vicarious Surgical System is being designed to perform complex surgical procedures, due to the serious and costly consequences of product
failure, we and our future customers have an increased sensitivity to such defects. 

Although the Vicarious Surgical System is subject to stringent quality
processes and controls, we cannot provide assurance that our system will not experience component aging, errors, performance problems,
manufacturing nonconformities, or design defects or that unexpected risks to users or patients will not be discovered during commercial
use. If we experience product flaws or performance problems, any or all of the following could occur: 

delays in shipments; 

loss of revenue; 

delay in market acceptance; 

diversion of resources; 

damage to reputation; 

30 

product recalls; 

regulatory actions; 

increased service or warranty costs; or 

product liability claims. 

Additionally, the manufacture and production of the Vicarious Surgical
System requires a highly controlled and clean environment to minimize particles and other yield- and quality-limiting contaminants. Weaknesses
in process control or minute impurities in materials may result in defective products. If we are not able to maintain stringent quality
controls, or if contamination problems arise, we may experience delays in development and commercialization efforts and may be subject
to regulatory enforcement actions, which would harm our business and results of operations. 

If we or our third-party component manufacturers or suppliers fail
to meet any applicable product quality standards and the Vicarious Surgical System is the subject of recalls, safety alerts or other regulatory
enforcement actions, our reputation could be damaged, we could lose customers, and our revenue and results of operations could decline. 

If we are not able to develop and release new surgical applications
for the Vicarious Surgical System, or successful enhancements, new features and modifications to the Vicarious Surgical System or to achieve
adequate clinical utility, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

The markets in which we operate are characterized by rapid technological
change, frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements, changing customer demands, and evolving industry standards. The
introduction of products embodying new technologies can quickly make existing products obsolete and unmarketable. Additionally, changes
in laws and regulations could impact the usefulness of the Vicarious Surgical System and could necessitate changes or modifications to
the Vicarious Surgical System to accommodate such changes. We invest substantial resources in researching and developing new developments
to the Vicarious Surgical System and enhancing the Vicarious Surgical System by incorporating additional features, improving functionality,
and adding other improvements to meet customers evolving needs. The success of any enhancements, improvements or any new features
to the Vicarious Surgical System, when or if authorized for marketing by the FDA, depends on several factors, including timely completion,
competitive pricing, adequate quality testing, integration with new and existing technologies and third-party partners technologies
and overall market acceptance. We may not succeed in developing, marketing and delivering on a timely and cost-effective basis enhancements
or improvements to the Vicarious Surgical System or any new product candidates and technologies that respond to continued changes in market
demands or new customer requirements, and any enhancements or improvements to the Vicarious Surgical System or any new solutions may not
achieve market acceptance or authorization. Since developing the Vicarious Surgical System is complex, the timetable for the release of
new enhancements is difficult to predict, and we may not offer new updates as rapidly as our customers require or expect. Any new product
candidates and technologies that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, may contain errors or defects,
or may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate sufficient revenue. Moreover, even if we introduce new product candidates
and technologies, we may experience a decline in revenue from the Vicarious Surgical System that is not offset by revenue from the new
product candidates and technologies. For example, customers may delay making purchases of new product candidates and technologies to permit
them to make a more thorough evaluation of these product candidates and technologies or until industry and marketplace reviews become
widely available. Customers may also delay purchasing a new product because their existing Vicarious Surgical System or other devices
continues to meet their needs. Some customers may hesitate to migrate to a new product due to concerns regarding the performance of the
new product. In addition, we may lose existing customers who choose a competitor s products. This could result in a temporary or
permanent revenue shortfall and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The introduction of new products and solutions by competitors, the
development of entirely new technologies to replace existing offerings or shifts in healthcare benefits trends could make our future commercial
products and technologies obsolete or adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may experience
difficulties with industry standards, design or marketing that could delay or prevent our development, introduction or implementation
of new product candidates and technologies, enhancements, additional features or capabilities. If customers do not widely purchase and
adopt our future product candidates and technologies, we may not be able to realize a return on our investment. If we do not accurately
anticipate customer demand or if we are unable to develop, license or acquire new features and capabilities on a timely and cost-effective
basis, or if such enhancements do not achieve market acceptance, it could result in adverse publicity, loss of revenue or market acceptance
or claims by customers brought against us, each of which could have a material and adverse effect on our reputation, business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

31 

The COVID-19 pandemic has and could continue to negatively affect
various aspects of our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
or cash flows. 

Any outbreak of contagious diseases, or other adverse public health
developments, could have a material adverse effect on our business operations. These impacts to our operations have included, and could
again in the future include, disruptions or restrictions on the ability of our employees and customers to travel or the
ability of us to pursue collaborations and other business transactions, oversee the activities of our third-party manufacturers and suppliers
and make shipments of materials. We may also be impacted by the temporary closure of the facilities of suppliers, manufacturers or customers.
The COVID-19 pandemic may also continue to have an impact on potential customers, as elective surgeries are increasingly postponed and
there is greater focus on areas of care with lower profitability, leading, as a consequence, to lower expenditures on new products and
devices by health care institutions. 

In addition, travel restrictions and business closures have and may
in the future adversely impact our operations locally and worldwide, including our ability to manufacture, market, sell or distribute
the Vicarious Surgical System, when or if we are authorized by the FDA or other regulatory authorities for marketing, and such restrictions
and closure have caused or may cause temporary closures of facilities of suppliers, manufacturers or customers. Any disruption in the
operations of our employees, suppliers, customers, manufacturers or access to customers would likely impact our future sales and operating
results. In addition, travel restrictions could make it more difficult for us to monitor the quality of our third-party manufacturing
operations if we are unable to conduct in-person quality audits of those facilities. The extent to which COVID-19 affects our operations
will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the
outbreak, new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact,
among others, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions
in the global economy and in the global financial markets, including changes in inflation, interest rates and overall economic conditions
and uncertainties. To the extent inflation or other factors increase our business costs, it may not be feasible to offset higher costs
through manufacturing efficiencies. An economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand
for our future product candidates and technologies and our inability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at
all. A weak or declining economy could also result in further constraints on our third-party component manufacturers and suppliers or
cause future customers to delay making payments for our product candidates and technologies. Any of the foregoing could harm our business
and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely affect
our business. 

Geopolitical conflicts could potentially affect our sales and
disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse impact on the Company. 

Geopolitical conflicts, including the ongoing war in Ukraine, could
adversely impact our operations or those of our suppliers, manufacturers or customers. The extent to which these events impact our operations
will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. If the uncertainty surrounding
geopolitical conflicts and in the global marketplace continues, or if we, or any of our suppliers, manufacturers or customers encounter
any disruptions to our or their respective operations or facilities, then we or they may be prevented or delayed from effectively operating
our or their business, respectively, and the marketing and sale of our product candidates and our financial results could be adversely
affected. 

32 

The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources
and divert management s attention, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

We have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting
and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements.
We will also continue to incur costs associated with corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, as well as rules implemented by the SEC and the NYSE. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue
to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and
place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources. For example, our management team will need to devote substantial time
regarding operations as a public company and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. As a result of the complexity involved in
complying with the rules and regulations applicable to public companies, our management s attention may be diverted from other business
concerns, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting. If we are unable to successfully remediate this material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting,
we may not be able to report our financial condition or results of operations accurately or in a timely manner, which may adversely affect
investor confidence in us and, as a result, materially and adversely affect our business and the value of our Class A common stock. 

We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. The material weaknesses we identified were as follows: 

we did not maintain an effective control environment as we did not maintain a sufficient complement of accounting and financial reporting resources commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. 

we did not maintain an effective risk assessment process, which led to improperly designed controls. 

we did not maintain appropriate control activities to support the appropriate segregation of duties over the review of account reconciliations and manual journal entries, and safeguarding of assets. 

we did not design and implement controls related to information technology, including access and change management. 

we did not document, thoroughly communicate and monitor controls processes and relevant accounting policies and procedures. 

These material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of account
balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to our annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented
or detected. Had we performed an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404, additional
control deficiencies may have been identified by management, and those control deficiencies could have also represented one or more material
weaknesses. 

In an effort to remediate the material weaknesses, we have retained
an accounting consulting firm to provide additional depth and breadth in our technical accounting and financial reporting capabilities.
We have also hired additional qualified accounting and finance personnel to provide needed levels of expertise in our internal accounting
function and maintain appropriate segregation of duties. We intend to complete an appropriate risk assessment to identify relevant risks
and specify needed objectives. We intend to formalize and communicate our policies and procedures surrounding our financial close, financial
reporting and other accounting processes. We intend to further develop and document necessary policies and procedures regarding our internal
control over financial reporting, such that we are able to perform a Section 404 analysis of our internal control over financial reporting
when and as required. We cannot assure you that these measures will significantly improve or remediate the material weaknesses described
above. We also cannot assure you that we have identified all or that we will not have additional material weaknesses in the future. Accordingly,
a material weakness may still exist when we report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for purposes
of our attestation when required by reporting requirements under the Exchange Act or Section 404 after the Merger. Further, while we remain
an emerging growth company, we will not be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued
by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

We expect to incur additional costs to remediate these control deficiencies,
though there can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or avoid potential future material weaknesses. If we are unable to
successfully remediate our existing or any future material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, or if we identify
any additional material weaknesses, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected, we may be unable to
maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange
listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting, and our stock price may decline as a result. We also could
become subject to investigations by NYSE, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

33 

Our ability to use net operating losses to offset future income
may be subject to certain limitations. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had federal net operating loss carry forwards NOLs to offset future taxable income of approximately 103.2 million, of which approximately 2.8 million will expire
at various dates from 2034 through December 31, 2037, if not utilized. A lack of future taxable income would adversely affect our ability
to utilize these NOLs. In addition, under Section 382 of the Code, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject
to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset
post-change taxable income. For these purposes, an ownership change generally occurs where the equity ownership of one or more stockholders
or groups of stockholders who owns at least 5 of a corporation s stock increases its ownership by more than 50 percentage points
over its lowest ownership percentage within a three-year period (calculated on a rolling basis). Our existing NOLs may be subject to limitations
arising out of previous ownership changes and we may be limited as to the amount that can be utilized each year as a result of such previous
ownership changes. In addition, future changes in our stock ownership, including future offerings, as well as other changes that may be
outside of our control, could result in additional ownership changes under Section 382 of the Code. Our NOLs may also be impaired under
similar provisions of state law. We have not conducted a study to assess whether an ownership change has occurred, whether there have
been multiple ownership changes since inception or whether there has been an ownership change as the result of the Business Combination
due to the significant complexity and costs associated with such a study. We have recorded a full valuation allowance related to our NOLs
and other deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of the ultimate realization of the future benefits of those assets. 

In addition to the limitations discussed above under Sections 382 of
the Code, the utilization of NOLs incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, are subject to limitations, as modified
by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act. In general, NOLs generated in taxable years beginning after
December 31, 2017 may offset no more than 80 percent of such year s taxable income and there is no ability for such NOLs to be carried
back to a prior taxable year. The CARES Act modifies this limitation on the deduction of NOLs and provides that NOLs arising in taxable
years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2021, may be carried back to each of the five taxable years preceding the
tax year of such loss, but NOLs arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 may not be carried back. In addition, the CARES
Act eliminates the limitation on the deduction of NOLs to 80 percent of current year taxable income for taxable years beginning before
January 1, 2021. As a result of such limitation, we may be required to pay federal income tax in some future year notwithstanding that
we have a net loss for all years in the aggregate. 

Changes in our effective tax rate or disallowance
of our tax positions may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 

We are subject to income and other taxes in the United States and foreign
jurisdictions. The amount of income taxes we pay is subject to our interpretation and application of tax laws in jurisdictions in which
we file. Changes in current or future laws or regulations, the imposition of new or changed tax laws or regulations or new interpretations
by taxing authorities or courts could affect our results of operations and lead to volatility with respect to tax expenses and liabilities
from period to period. For example, limitations on the ability of taxpayers to claim and utilize foreign tax credits and the deferral
of certain tax deductions until earnings outside of the United States are repatriated to the United States could impact the tax treatment
of future foreign earnings. In addition, on August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the Inflation
Reduction Act, into law, which includes a new corporate alternative minimum tax beginning in fiscal 2024 and an excise tax of 1 tax on
the fair market value of net stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. We are evaluating the potential impact the Inflation Reduction
Act may have on our financial position and results of operations. 

34 

We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act and other worldwide anti-bribery laws by us or our agents. 

We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA,
which prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making payments in violation of law to non-U.S. government officials for the purpose
of obtaining or retaining business or securing any other improper advantage. Our possible future reliance on independent distributors
or strategic partners to sell the Vicarious Surgical System internationally demands a high degree of vigilance in enforcing our policy
against participation in corrupt activity, because these distributors or strategic partners could be deemed to be our agents, and we could
be held responsible for their actions. Other U.S. companies in the medical device and pharmaceutical fields have faced criminal penalties
under the FCPA for allowing their agents to deviate from appropriate practices in doing business with such non-U.S. government officials.
We are also subject to similar anti-bribery laws in the jurisdictions in which we plan to operate, including the United Kingdom s
Bribery Act of 2010, which also prohibits commercial bribery and makes it a crime for companies to fail to prevent bribery. We have limited
experience in complying with these laws and in developing procedures to monitor compliance with these laws by our agents. These laws are
complex and far-reaching in nature, and, as a result, we cannot assure investors that we would not be required in the future to alter
one or more of our practices to be in compliance with these laws or any changes in these laws or the interpretation thereof. 

Any violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could
disrupt our operations, involve significant management distraction, involve significant costs and expenses, including legal fees, and
could result in a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. We could also incur
severe penalties, including criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement, and other remedial measures. 

Risks Related to Health Care Industry Shifts and Changing Regulations 

We are subject to extensive government regulation, which could
restrict the development, marketing, sale and distribution of our product candidates and technologies and could cause us to incur significant
costs. 

We and the Vicarious Surgical System are subject to extensive pre-market
and post-market regulation by the FDA and various other federal, state, local and foreign government authorities. Government regulation
of medical devices is meant to assure their safety and effectiveness, and includes requirements for, among other things: 

design, development and manufacturing processes; 

labeling, content and language of instructions for use and storage; 

product testing, pre-clinical studies and clinical trials (if applicable); 

regulatory authorization, including but not limited to pre-market clearance or pre-market approval; 

establishment registration, device listing and ongoing compliance with the QSR requirements; 

advertising and promotion; 

marketing, sales and distribution; 

conformity assessment procedures; 

product traceability and record-keeping procedures; 

review of product complaints, complaint reporting, recalls and field safety corrective actions; 

post-market surveillance, including reporting of deaths or serious injuries and malfunctions that, if they were to recur, could lead to death or serious injury; 

post-market studies (if applicable); and 

product import and export. 

35 

The laws and regulations to which we and our product candidates, technologies
and future commercial product candidates will be subject are complex and subject to periodic changes. Regulatory changes could result
in restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations, and may result in higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated
sales. 

Before a new medical device, or a significant modification of a medical
device, including a new use of, or claim for, an existing product, can be marketed in the United States, it must first receive either
510(k) clearance, de novo authorization, or premarket approval PMA from the FDA, unless an exemption applies. In the 510(k)
clearance process, the FDA must determine that a proposed device is substantially equivalent to a device legally on the
market, known as a predicate device, with respect to intended use, technology and safety and effectiveness, in order to
clear the proposed device for marketing. Clinical data is sometimes required to support substantial equivalence. 

Obtaining marketing authorization for Class II or III medical devices
through the 510(k) premarket notification process, the PMA process, or the de novo classification process can be expensive and time-consuming,
and entails significant user fees to the FDA, unless an exemption is available. The FDA s review of premarket notifications for
510(k) clearance usually takes 90 to 180 days and review of de novo classification applications usually takes 120 to 280 days, but both
review processes can last longer. In addition, after a device is cleared or authorized under a reclassification order, any modification
that could significantly affect the device s safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change in its intended use,
will require a new clearance, or possibly another de novo authorization or a PMA, depending on the extent of the modification and the
associated risks. 

The de novo classification process allows a manufacturer whose novel
device is automatically classified into Class III to request down-classification of its device to Class I or Class II,
on the basis that the device presents low or moderate risk, as an alternative to following the typical Class III device pathway requiring
the submission and approval of a PMA application. Under the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act of 2012,
the FDA is required to classify a device within 120 days following receipt of the de novo classification request from an applicant;
however, the most recent FDA premarket review goals state that in fiscal year 2023, FDA will attempt to issue a decision within 150 days
of receipt on of all de novo classification requests received during the year. If the manufacturer seeks reclassification into Class II,
the classification request must include a draft proposal for special controls that are necessary to provide a reasonable assurance of
the safety and effectiveness of the medical device. The FDA may reject the classification request if it identifies a legally marketed
predicate device that would be appropriate for a 510(k) notification or determines that the device is not low to moderate risk or
that general controls would be inadequate to control the risks and special controls cannot be developed. De novo classification requests
are subject to user fees, unless a specific exemption applies. 

In the PMA approval process, the FDA must determine that a proposed
device is safe and effective for its intended use based, in part, on extensive data, including but not limited to, technical, pre-clinical,
clinical trial, manufacturing and labeling data. The process for obtaining a PMA is more costly and uncertain and approval can take anywhere
from 180 days to, in some cases, more than one year from the time the application is initially filed with the FDA. Modifications to devices
that are approved through a PMA application generally require FDA approval of a supplemental PMA application. The Vicarious Surgical System
and some of our future product candidates and technologies may require PMA approval. In addition, the FDA may require that we obtain a
PMA prior to marketing future changes of the Vicarious Surgical System. Further, we may not be able to obtain additional 510(k) clearances,
de novo authorizations, or PMAs for new product candidates and technologies or for modifications to, or additional indications for, the
Vicarious Surgical System in a timely fashion or at all. Delays in obtaining future clearances, authorizations, or approvals could adversely
affect our ability to introduce new or enhanced product candidates and technologies in a timely manner, which in turn could harm our revenue
and future profitability. 

In order to conduct a clinical investigation involving human subjects
for the purpose of demonstrating the safety and effectiveness of a medical device, if necessary, for a PMA application, 510(k) premarket
notification or de novo classification request, a company must, among other things, apply for and obtain institutional review board (IRB)
approval of the proposed investigation. In addition, if the clinical study involves a significant risk (as defined by the
FDA) to human health, the sponsor of the investigation must also submit and obtain FDA approval of an investigational device exemption
(IDE) application and follow applicable IDE regulations. Unless IDE-exempt, nonsignificant risk devices are still subject to certain abbreviated
IDE requirements; however, an IDE application is not required if such abbreviated requirements are met. We may not be able to obtain any
necessary FDA and/or IRB approval to undertake clinical trials in the United States for future devices we develop and intend to market
in the United States. If we do obtain such approvals, the FDA may find that our studies do not comply with the IDE or other regulations
governing clinical investigations or the data from any such trials may not support marketing authorization of the investigational device.
Moreover, certainty that clinical trials will meet desired endpoints, produce meaningful or useful data and be free of unexpected adverse
effects, or that the FDA will accept the validity of foreign clinical study data (if applicable) cannot be assured, and such uncertainty
could preclude or delay marketing authorization resulting in significant financial costs and reduced revenue. 

To ensure compliance with regulatory requirements, medical device manufacturers
are subject to post-market surveillance and periodic, pre-scheduled and unannounced inspections by the FDA or other regulatory authorities,
and these inspections may include the manufacturing facilities of our subcontractors. 

36 

We, as well as our third-party manufacturers or suppliers that are
regulated by the FDA, is also subject to numerous post-marketing regulatory requirements, which include quality system regulations related
to the manufacture of the Vicarious Surgical System, labeling regulations and MDR regulations. The last of these regulations requires
us to report to the FDA if our commercial devices cause or contribute to a death or serious injury, or malfunction in a way that would
likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction recurred. The failure to comply with applicable regulatory
requirements can result in enforcement actions by the FDA, which may include any of the following sanctions: 

untitled letters, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

customer notifications, or orders for repair, replacement or refunds; 

voluntary or mandatory recalls, detentions or seizures of product candidates; 

operating restrictions, including total or partial suspension of production; 

delays in the introduction of product candidates into the market; 

delay or refusal of for the FDA to grant 510(k) clearances, PMA approvals or de novo classification orders for new product candidates or new intended uses or modifications to authorized products; 

rescission of 510(k) clearance, de novo authorizations, or suspension or withdrawal of PMAs that have already been granted; or 

in the most serious cases, criminal prosecution. 

The occurrence of any of these events may have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

There is no guarantee that the FDA will grant marketing authorization
for the Vicarious Surgical System or any of our future product candidates and technologies, and failure to obtain necessary marketing
authorization for the Vicarious Surgical System and our future product candidates and technologies would adversely affect our ability
to grow our business. 

The Vicarious Surgical System and our new or modified product candidates
and technologies will require FDA marketing authorization before they may be marketed in the United States. The FDA may refuse our requests
for pre-market review of new product candidates and technologies or may not grant marketing authorization for these product candidates
and technologies for the indications that are necessary or desirable for successful commercialization. Early stage review may also result
in delays or other issues. For example, the FDA has issued guidance intended to explain the procedures and criteria used in assessing
whether pre-market review submissions may be accepted for substantive review. Under the Refuse to Accept guidance, the FDA
conducts an early review against specific acceptance criteria to notify applicants whether a pre-market submission for a device is administratively
complete, and if not, such notification will identify the missing element(s). Applicants are given the opportunity to provide the FDA
with any information identified as missing. If the information is not provided within a specified time, the submission will not be accepted
for FDA review and will be considered abandoned. The FDA may also change its marketing authorization policies, adopt additional regulations
or revise existing regulations, or take other actions that may prevent or delay authorization of our product candidates and technologies
under development or impact our ability to obtain marketing authorization for modifications to our authorized products in a timely manner.
Significant delays in receiving or failure to receive FDA marketing authorization for our new product candidates and technologies would
have an adverse effect on our ability to expand our business. 

Unsuccessful animal studies, clinical trials or procedures relating
to product candidates and technologies under development could have a material adverse effect on our prospects. 

The regulatory clearance, authorization, or approval process for new
device product candidates, technologies and new indications for existing device product candidates and technologies requires extensive
data and procedures, including the development of regulatory and quality standards and, potentially, studies involving animals or human
subjects. Based on pre-submission communications with the FDA, we intend to file a de novo classification request for the Vicarious Surgical
System with respect to use in ventral hernia procedures, which would require human clinical studies to ensure that the product candidate
is safe and effective. Unfavorable or inconsistent data from future animal studies, clinical trials or other studies conducted by us or
third parties, or perceptions regarding such data, could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary device regulatory authorization
and the market s view of our future prospects. 

37 

Failure to successfully complete any required studies in a timely and
cost-effective manner could have a material adverse effect on our prospects with respect to the Vicarious Surgical System or other product
candidates and technologies. Because animal studies, clinical trials and other types of scientific studies are inherently uncertain, there
can be no assurance that these trials or studies will be completed in a timely or cost-effective manner, be suitable to support marketing
authorization or result in a commercially viable product. Clinical trials or other studies may experience significant setbacks even if
earlier preclinical or animal studies have shown promising results. Furthermore, preliminary results from animal studies or clinical trials
may be contradicted by subsequent clinical analysis. Results from animal studies or clinical trials may also not be supported by actual
long-term studies or clinical experience. If preliminary study results are later contradicted, or if initial results cannot be supported
by actual long-term studies or clinical experience, our business could be adversely affected. Clinical trials also may be suspended or
terminated by us, the FDA, the responsible IRB or other regulatory authorities at any time if it is believed that the trial participants
face unacceptable health risks. The FDA may disagree with our interpretation of the data from the animal studies or clinical trials, or
may find the design, conduct or results of such studies or trials inadequate to demonstrate safety and effectiveness of the product candidate.
The FDA may also require additional pre-clinical studies or clinical trials for use in ventral hernia procedures or other indications,
which could further delay authorization of our product candidates and technologies. 

Recent initiatives by the FDA to enhance and modernize various
regulatory pathways for device products and technologies and its overall approach to safety and innovation in the medical technology industry
creates the possibility of changing product development costs, requirements, and other factors and additional uncertainty for our product
candidates, technologies and business. 

Regulatory requirements may change in the future in a way that adversely
affects us. Any change in the laws or regulations that govern pre-market authorization processes or the post-market compliance requirements
relating to our current and future product candidates could make it more difficult and costly to obtain marketing authorization for new
product candidates, or to produce, market and distribute existing product candidates that receive such authorization. 

For example, the FDA and other government agencies have been focusing
on the cybersecurity risks associated with certain medical devices and encouraging device manufacturers to take a more proactive approach
to assessing the cybersecurity risks of their devices both during development and on a periodic basis after the devices are in commercial
distribution. These regulatory efforts could lead to new FDA requirements in the future or additional product liability or other litigation
risks if the Vicarious Surgical System is considered to be susceptible to third-party tampering. In December 2016, Congress passed the
21st Century Cures Act, which made multiple changes to the FDA s rules for medical devices as well as for clinical trials, and in
September 2022, Congress passed the most recent iteration of the five-year medical device user fee reauthorization package. In recent
years, the FDA has announced a series of efforts to modernize and streamline the 510(k) notification and regulatory review process and
monitoring post-market safety, and issued a final rule to formalize the de novo classification process to provide clarity to innovative
device developers. Changes in the FDA 510(k) process could make clearance more difficult to obtain, increase delay, add uncertainty and
have other significant adverse effects on our ability to obtain and maintain clearance for our product candidates. 

It is unclear at this time whether and how various activities initiated
or announced by the FDA to modernize the U.S. medical device regulatory system could affect our business, as some of the FDA s new
medical device safety and innovation initiatives have not been formalized and remain subject to change. For example, a 2018 Medical Device
Safety Action Plan included a particular focus on post-market surveillance and how to respond when new safety concerns emerge once a product
is on the market. The increased attention that the medical technology industry is receiving from regulators, lawmakers, and other stakeholders
creates the possibility of unanticipated regulatory and other potential changes to the Vicarious Surgical System and our overall business. 

38 

If we fail to obtain regulatory authorizations in other countries
for existing or future product candidates, we will not be able to commercialize these product candidates and technologies in those countries. 

In order for us to market the Vicarious Surgical System in countries
outside of the United States, we must comply with extensive safety and quality regulations in other countries regarding the quality, safety
and efficacy of the Vicarious Surgical System. These regulations, such as the requirements for obtaining marketing authorization, including
CE mark grant in the European Union, as well as regulatory authorization in the Asia-Pacific region and the time required for regulatory
review, vary from country to country. Failure to obtain marketing authorization in any foreign country in which we plan to market the
Vicarious Surgical System may harm our ability to generate revenue and harm our business. Marketing authorization requirements and processes
vary between countries and can involve additional product testing and additional administrative review periods. The time required to obtain
marketing authorization in other countries might differ from that required to obtain FDA authorization. The pre-market review and authorization
process in other countries may include all of the risks detailed above regarding FDA clearance, authorization, and approval in the United
States, as well as other potential risks relating to delays, refusals, or uncertainties in the application preparation, submission, and
review procedures specific to the regulatory processes in such countries. Regulatory authorization of a product in one country does not
ensure regulatory authorization in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining marketing authorization in one country may negatively
impact the regulatory process in others. Failure to obtain regulatory authorization in other countries or any delay or setback in obtaining
such authorization could have the same adverse effects described above regarding FDA authorization in the United States. 

If we, our contract manufacturers or our component suppliers
are unable to manufacture the Vicarious Surgical System in sufficient quantities, on a timely basis, at acceptable costs and in compliance
with regulatory and quality requirements, the manufacturing and distribution of our devices could be interrupted, and our product sales
and operating results could suffer. 

We and our contract manufacturers and our component suppliers are required
to comply with the FDA Quality System Regulation QSR ), which is a complex regulatory framework that covers the procedures
and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, sterilization, storage, distribution
and servicing of our devices. We and our contract manufacturers and regulated component suppliers will be subject to periodic unannounced
inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities to monitor and ensure compliance with post-market regulatory requirements. We
cannot assure investors that the FDA or other regulatory authorities will not discover evidence of noncompliance at our facilities or
the facilities of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers during a future quality system inspection. 

Accordingly, assuming we receive marketing authorization for one or
more product candidates, we and our contract manufacturers will continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance,
including manufacturing, production, product surveillance, and quality control. Failure of us or our third-party manufacturers and component
suppliers to adhere to QSR requirements or take adequate and timely corrective action in response to an adverse regulatory inspection
finding could delay production of the Vicarious Surgical System and lead to fines, difficulties in obtaining regulatory authorizations
recalls, enforcement actions, including injunctive relief or consent decrees, or other consequences, which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Any such failure, including the failure of our contract manufacturers, to
achieve and maintain the required high manufacturing standards could result in delays or failures in product testing or delivery, cost
overruns, increased warranty costs or other problems that could harm our business and prospects. 

39 

Our current or future product candidates, products and technologies
may be subject to product recalls even after receiving marketing authorization from the FDA. A recall of the Vicarious Surgical System,
either voluntarily or at the direction of the FDA, or the discovery of serious safety issues with our future products, could have a significant
adverse impact on us. 

The FDA and similar governmental bodies in other countries have the
authority to require the recall of the Vicarious Surgical System and any accessory devices if we or our third-party manufacturers fail
to comply with relevant regulations pertaining to, among other things, manufacturing practices, labeling or if new information is obtained
concerning deficiencies in the safety or efficacy of the Vicarious Surgical System. For example, under the FDA s MDR regulations,
we are required to report to the FDA any incident in which the Vicarious Surgical System may have caused or contributed to a death or
serious injury or in which the Vicarious Surgical System malfunctioned in a manner likely to cause or contribute to death or serious injury
if that malfunction were to recur. Repeated incidents of the same or similar adverse events or product malfunctions may result in a voluntary
or mandatory product recall, or administrative or judicial seizure or injunction, when warranted. A government-mandated recall may be
ordered if the FDA finds that there is a reasonable probability that the device would cause serious, adverse health consequences or death.
A voluntary recall by us could occur as a result of a discovery of any material deficiency in a device, such as manufacturing defects,
labeling deficiencies, packaging defects or other failures to comply with applicable regulations. It is possible that the FDA could disagree
with our initial classification for a voluntary recall. The FDA requires that reports of device corrections or removals intended to reduce
a risk to health posed by the device or remedy a violation of the FDCA caused by the device be submitted to the FDA within 10 working
days after the correction or removal is initiated. If a change to a device addresses a violation of the FDCA, that change would generally
constitute a medical device recall and require submission of a recall report to the FDA. 

Recalls of the Vicarious Surgical System would divert managerial and
financial resources and have an adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations and financial condition, which could impair our
ability to produce the Vicarious Surgical System in a cost-effective and timely manner in order to meet our customers demands.
We may also be subject to product liability claims, be required to bear other costs, or be required to take other actions that may have
a negative impact on our future sales and our ability to generate profits. Companies are required to maintain certain records of product
withdrawals or removals, even if they are not reportable to the FDA. We may initiate voluntary field actions involving the Vicarious Surgical
System in the future that we determine do not require notification to the FDA. If the FDA disagrees with our determinations, the FDA could
require us to report those actions as recalls. A future recall, withdrawal, or seizure of any product could materially and adversely affect
consumer confidence in our brand, lead to decreased demand for the Vicarious Surgical System and negatively affect our sales. In addition,
the FDA could take enforcement action for failing to report recalls when they were conducted by us or one of our agents. 

We may be subject to enforcement action if we engage in improper
or off-label marketing or promotion of the Vicarious Surgical System, including fines, penalties and injunctions. 

The FDA regulates the promotional labeling for our products to ensure
that the claims we make are consistent with the relevant marketing authorizations, that there is scientific data to substantiate the claims
and that our promotion and advertising is neither false nor misleading. The off-label marketing or false or misleading labeling of our
products may harm our image in the marketplace, result in injuries that lead to product liability suits, which could be costly to our
business, or result in costly investigations and sanctions from the FDA and other regulatory bodies if we are deemed to have engaged in
off-label promotion or false or misleading labeling. In addition to the FDA, depending on the form of marketing authorization that the
Vicarious Surgical System and future product candidates and technologies receive, the Federal Trade Commission FTC may
have overlapping authority to oversee the advertising of our products and any related services offered by us. The FTC s focus would
be on ensuring such advertising is truthful, adequately substantiated, and not deceptive under the FTC Act rather than enforcing any of
the regulatory requirements in the FDCA and FDA s implementing regulations. 

In August 2021, the FDA issued a final rule revising its regulation
governing the types of evidence relevant to determining the intended use of a drug or device under the FDCA. The final rule
makes clear that intended use is based on the manufacturer s objective intent and the manufacturer s knowledge
of off-label use does not change a device s intended use. 

40 

We are subject to federal, state and foreign laws prohibiting
 kickbacks and false or fraudulent claims, and other fraud and abuse laws, transparency laws, and other health care laws
and regulations, which, if violated, could subject us to substantial penalties. Additionally, any challenge to or investigation into our
practices under these laws could cause adverse publicity and be costly to respond to, and thus could harm our business. 

If we obtain FDA marketing authorization for our Vicarious Surgical
System, we will be subject to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other health care laws and regulations that may constrain the business
or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute any product candidates for which we obtain marketing
authorization. Restrictions under applicable federal and state health care laws and regulations include the following: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal health care program such as Medicare and Medicaid; 

the federal False Claims Act imposes criminal and civil penalties, including civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented false or fraudulent claims for payment by a federal government program, or making a false statement or record that is material to payment of a false claim or avoiding, decreasing or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program and also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 

the federal false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services; 

the federal transparency requirements under the Physician Payments Sunshine Act require manufacturers of FDA-authorized, approved or cleared drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies covered by Medicare or Medicaid to report, on an annual basis, to the Department of Health and Human Services information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians, teaching hospitals and certain advanced non-physician health care practitioners and physician ownership and investment interests; and 

analogous state laws and regulations such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws and analogous non-U.S. fraud and abuse laws and regulations, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers, and some state laws require medical device companies to comply with the device industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government in addition to requiring device manufacturers to report information related to payments to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures. State and non-U.S. laws also govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties
comply with applicable health care laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will
conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud
and abuse or other health care laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other
governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages,
fines, imprisonment, exclusion of products from government funded health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment
or restructuring of our operations. If any of the physicians or other health care providers or entities with whom we expect to do business
is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions
from government funded health care programs. 

41 

Health care policy and payment changes may have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation
that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. In the United States
and in some other jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the health
care system that could prevent or delay marketing authorization of our product candidates and technologies or any of our potential future
product candidates and technologies, restrict or regulate post-authorization activities, or affect our ability to profitably sell any
product candidates and technologies for which we obtain marketing authorization. Increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s
medical device authorization process may significantly delay or prevent marketing authorization, as well as subject us to more stringent
product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. Congress also must reauthorize the FDA s user fee programs every
five years and often makes changes to those programs, in addition to policy or procedural changes that may be negotiated between the FDA
and industry stakeholders as part of this periodic reauthorization process. 

In March 2010, Congress passed the ACA, which substantially changed
the way health care is financed by both the government and private insurers, and significantly impacts the United States medical device
industry. As another example, the 2021 Consolidated Appropriations Act signed into law on December 27, 2020 incorporated extensive health
care provisions and amendments to existing laws. 

There remain judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects
of the ACA, and as a result certain sections of the ACA have not been fully implemented or effectively repealed. In particular, in December
of 2018, a Texas U.S. District Court Judge ruled that the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed
by Congress as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, effective January 1, 2019. In December 2019, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld
the district court s ruling that the individual mandate in the ACA was unconstitutional, but remanded the case to the district court
to determine whether other reforms enacted as part of the ACA, but not specifically related to the individual mandate or health insurance
could be severed from the rest of the ACA so as not to have the law declared invalid in its entirety. On March 2, 2020, the U.S. Supreme
Court granted the petitions for writs of certiorari to review this case and allocated one hour for oral arguments, which occurred on November
10, 2020. On February 10, 2021, the Department of Justice sent a letter to the U.S. Supreme Court that stated the new administration believes
the individual mandate and its tax penalty are constitutional, and if the Court determines that they are not, the provision can be severed
from the remainder of the act. With this letter, the Biden administration reversed the Trump administration position that was presented
to the Court. The Trump administration had claimed that the tax provision is unconstitutional and could not be separated from the ACA,
making the entire ACA unconstitutional as a result. The U.S. Supreme Court held in a 7 2 opinion that the states and individuals
that brought the lawsuit challenging the ACA s individual mandate do not have standing to challenge the law. The U.S. Supreme Court
did not reach the merits of the challenge, but the decision ends the case. It is unclear how potential litigation and other efforts to
repeal and replace the ACA will affect the implementation of that law, the pharmaceutical and medical device industries more generally,
and our business. Additionally, the 2020 federal spending package permanently eliminated, effective January 1, 2020, the ACA-mandated
 Cadillac tax on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage and medical device tax and, effective January 1, 2021, also
eliminates the health insurer tax. In addition, CMS published a final rule that would give states greater flexibility, effective January
1, 2020, in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the
essential health benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. We continue to evaluate the potential impact
of the ACA and its possible repeal or replacement on our business. 

The uncertainty around the future of the ACA, and in particular the
impact to reimbursement levels, may lead to uncertainty or delay in the purchasing decisions of our future customers, which may in turn
negatively impact product sales. If there are not adequate reimbursement levels, our business and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

42 

In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted
since the ACA was enacted. These changes include aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year pursuant
to the Budget Control Act of 2011, which began in 2013 and will remain in effect through 2031 unless additional Congressional action is
taken. However, the Medicare sequester reductions were temporarily suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Medicare sequester reductions
phased back in starting with a 1 reduction in effect from April 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 before increasing to the full 2 reduction. 

We cannot predict whether future health care initiatives will be implemented
at the federal or state level or in countries outside of the United States in which we may do business in the future, or the effect any
future legislation or regulation will have on us. 

Inadequate funding for the FDA and other government agencies
could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and technologies from being developed
or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation
of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 

The ability of the FDA to review and approve, authorize, or clear new
medical device products and technologies can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability
to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times
at the FDA have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which
our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is
inherently fluid and unpredictable. 

Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also increase the time
necessary for new products and technologies to be reviewed and/or authorized by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect
our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times, and certain regulatory agencies,
such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. 

Additionally, if a prolonged government shutdown or slowdown occurs,
or if global health concerns prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular premarket review, inspections,
or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and clear, authorize, or approve
regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our future business. Further, following the completion of the Business
Combination and in our operations as a public company, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets
and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 

43 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our ability
to maintain any technological or competitive advantage over our competitors and potential competitors would be adversely impacted, and
our business may be harmed. 

We rely on patent protection as well as trademark, copyright, trade
secret and other intellectual property rights protection and contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary technologies, all of
which provide limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. If
we fail to obtain, maintain, and protect our intellectual property, third parties may be able to compete more effectively against us,
and we may lose our technological or competitive advantage. We may also incur substantial litigation costs in our attempts to defend,
enforce, recover or restrict the use of our intellectual property. 

We cannot assure investors that any of our currently pending or future
patent applications will result in granted patents, and we cannot predict how long it will take for such patents to be granted or whether
the scope of such patents, if granted, will adequately protect the Vicarious Surgical System from competitors. It is possible that, for
any of our patents that have been granted or that may be granted in the future, other parties will design alternatives that do not infringe
our patents. Further, we cannot assure investors that other parties will not challenge any patents granted to us or that courts or regulatory
agencies will hold our patents to be valid or enforceable. We cannot guarantee investors that we will be successful in defending challenges
made against our patents. Any successful third-party challenge to our patents could result in the unenforceability or invalidity of such
patents, or to such patents being interpreted narrowly or otherwise in a manner adverse to our interests. Our ability to establish or
maintain a technological or competitive advantage over our competitors may be diminished because of these uncertainties. For these and
other reasons, our intellectual property may not provide us with any competitive advantage. For example: 

we or our licensors (should we in-license IP in the future) might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by our pending patent applications or granted patents; 

we or our licensors might not have been the first to file patent applications for our inventions. To determine the priority of these inventions, we may have to participate in interference proceedings or derivation proceedings declared by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, that could result in substantial cost to us and may be unsuccessful. No assurance can be given that our patent applications or granted patents (or those of our licensors) will have priority over any other patent or patent application involved in such a proceeding; 

other parties may independently develop similar or alternative products and technologies or duplicate any of our product candidates and technologies; 

it is possible that our owned or licensed pending patent applications will not result in granted patents in the United States or foreign jurisdictions, and even if such pending patent applications grant as patents, they may not provide a basis for intellectual property protection of commercially viable products and technologies, may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be challenged and invalidated by third parties; 

we may not develop additional proprietary products and technologies and technologies that are patentable; 

the patents of other parties may block us from practicing our technology and thereby have an adverse effect on our business; and 

while we apply for patents covering our product candidates and technologies and uses thereof, as we deem appropriate, we may fail to apply for or obtain patents on important product candidates and technologies and uses thereof in a timely fashion or at all, or we may fail to apply for or obtain patents in potentially relevant jurisdictions. 

44 

The strength of patents involves complex legal questions and can be
uncertain. Even if one or more patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability, inventorship or
scope thereof. Such a challenge may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. If the breadth or strength
of protection provided by our patents is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop, and threaten our
ability to commercialize, our technology. Further, if we encounter delays in clinical trials, the period of time during which we could
market our product candidates under patent protection would be reduced. Since patent applications in the United States and most other
countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that we are the first to file any patent application
related to our product candidates. 

Even if our patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue
in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors from competing with us or otherwise provide us with
any competitive advantage. Our competitors may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or
products in a non-infringing manner. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its scope, validity or enforceability, and our patents
may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. For example, we may become involved in opposition,
interference, derivation, inter partes review or other proceedings challenging our patent rights, and the outcome of any proceedings are
highly uncertain. Such challenges may result in the patent claims of our patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, which
could limit our ability to stop or prevent us from stopping others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products,
or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and product candidates. Given the amount of time required for the development,
testing and regulatory review of new technology, patents protecting such technology might expire before or shortly after such technology
is commercialized. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing
products similar or identical to our product candidates or otherwise provide us with a competitive advantage. 

To the extent our intellectual property offers inadequate protection,
or is found to be invalid or unenforceable, we would be exposed to a greater risk of direct competition. If our intellectual property
does not provide adequate coverage over our product candidates and technologies and protection against our competitors products
and technologies, our competitive position could be adversely affected, as could our business. 

The measures that we use to protect the security of our intellectual
property and other proprietary rights may not be adequate, which could result in the loss of legal protection for, and thereby diminish
the value of, such intellectual property and other rights. 

The patenting process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not
be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. In addition,
we may not pursue or obtain patent protection in all relevant markets. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects
of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Our pending and future patent applications may
not result in issued patents that protect our technology or product candidates, in whole or in part. In addition, our existing patents
and any future patents we obtain may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from using our technology or from developing competing
products and technologies. 

If we delay in filing a patent application, and a competitor files
a patent application on the same or a similar technology before we do, we may face a limited ability to secure patent rights. We may not
be able to patent the technology at all. Even if we can patent the technology, we may be able to patent only a limited scope of the technology,
and the limited scope may be inadequate to protect our product candidates, or to block competitor products that are similar or adjacent
to ours. Our earliest patent filings have been published. A competitor may review our published patents and arrive at the same or similar
technology advances for our product candidates as we developed. If the competitor files a patent application on such an advance before
we do, then we may no longer be able to protect the technology. We may require a license from the competitor, and if the license is not
available on commercially-viable terms, then we may not be able to launch our product candidates. 

45 

In addition to pursuing patents on our technology, we also rely upon
trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and unfair competition laws and other contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property
and other proprietary rights. Despite these measures, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented
or misappropriated. In addition, we take steps to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology by entering into confidentiality
agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, corporate partners and, when needed, our advisors.
Our suppliers may also have access to the patented technology owned or used by us as well as other proprietary information, and these
suppliers are subject to confidentiality provisions under their agreements with us. 

Such agreements or provisions may not be enforceable or may not provide
meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches
of the agreements, and we may not be able to prevent such unauthorized disclosure. Notwithstanding any such agreements, there is no assurance
that our current or former manufacturers or suppliers will not use and/or supply our competitors with our trade secrets, know-how or other
proprietary information to which these parties gained access or generated from their relationship with us. This could lead to our competitors
gaining access to patented or other proprietary information. Moreover, if a party to an agreement with us has an overlapping or conflicting
obligation to a third party, our rights in and to certain intellectual property could be undermined. Monitoring unauthorized disclosure
is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to prevent such disclosure are, or will be, adequate. If we were to enforce
a claim that a third party had illegally obtained and was using our trade secrets, it would be expensive and time-consuming, the outcome
would be unpredictable, and any remedy may be inadequate. Courts outside the United States may be less willing to protect trade secrets. 

In addition, competitors could purchase our product candidates and
technologies and attempt to replicate some or all of the competitive advantages we derive from our development efforts, willfully infringe
our intellectual property rights, design around our protected technology or develop their own competitive technologies that fall outside
of our intellectual property rights. If our intellectual property does not adequately protect our market share against competitors 
products and technologies and methods, our competitive position could be adversely affected, as could our business. 

We may need or may choose to obtain licenses from third parties
to advance our research or allow commercialization of our current or future product candidates and technologies, and we cannot provide
any assurances that we would be able to obtain such licenses. 

We may need or may choose to obtain licenses from third parties to
advance our research or allow commercialization of our current or future product candidates and technologies, and we cannot provide any
assurances that third-party patents do not exist that might be enforced against our current or future product candidates and technologies
in the absence of such a license. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Even if we
are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us.
If we could not obtain a license, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology.
If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected product candidates and technologies, which could
materially harm our business and the third parties owning such intellectual property rights could seek either an injunction prohibiting
our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties, damages and/or other forms of compensation. 

Licensing intellectual property involves complex legal, business and
scientific issues. Disputes may arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 

the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 

our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; 

our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates and technologies, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; and 

the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and our partners. 

46 

If disputes over licensed intellectual property prevent or impair our
ability to maintain the licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected
product, or the dispute may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

In addition to agreements pursuant to which we in-license intellectual
property, we may in the future grant licenses under our intellectual property. Like in-licenses, out-licenses are complex, and disputes
may arise between us and our licensees, such as the types of disputes described above. Moreover, our licensees may breach their obligations,
or we may be exposed to liability due to our failure or alleged failure to satisfy our obligations. Any such occurrence could have an
adverse effect on our business. 

The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property
rights is a competitive practice, and companies that may be more established, or have greater resources than we do, may also be pursuing
strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider necessary or attractive for commercializing
our technology. More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their larger size, cash resources, or commercialization
capabilities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete such negotiations and ultimately acquire the rights
to the intellectual property that we may seek to acquire. 

We and our partners may be sued for infringing the intellectual
property rights of third parties. If that happens, such litigation would be costly and time consuming, and an unfavorable outcome in any
such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our success also depends on our ability to develop, manufacture, market
and sell the Vicarious Surgical System without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Numerous U.S. and foreign-issued patents
and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist in the fields in which we are developing the Vicarious Surgical System. As
part of a business strategy to impede our successful commercialization and entry into new markets, competitors may claim that the Vicarious
Surgical System infringes their intellectual property rights and may suggest that we enter into license agreements. Such competitors may
bring litigation against us or our partners to enforce such claims. 

Such claims may or may not be meritorious, but even if such claims
are without merit, we could incur substantial costs and the attention of our management and technical personnel could be diverted in defending
us against or settling such claims. Any adverse ruling by a court or administrative body, or perception of an adverse ruling, may have
a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business and on our finances. Moreover, third parties making claims against us
may be able to obtain injunctive relief against us, which could block our ability to offer the Vicarious Surgical System and could result
in a substantial award of damages against us. In addition, since we could sometimes agree to indemnify customers, collaborators or licensees,
we may have additional liability in connection with any infringement or alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property. Because
patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be pending applications, some of which are unknown to us, that may result
in issued patents that the Vicarious Surgical System or proprietary technologies infringe. Moreover, we may fail to identify issued patents
of relevance or incorrectly conclude that an issued patent is invalid or not infringed by our technology or the Vicarious Surgical System.
There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the medical device space in general
and in the robotic surgery field in particular. As we face increasing competition and as our business grows, we will likely face claims
of infringement. If a third-party claims that we or any of our licensors, customers or collaboration partners infringe a third party s
intellectual property rights, we may have to do any or all of the following: 

seek licenses that may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all; 

cease commercializing any infringing product or redesign the Vicarious Surgical System or processes to avoid infringement where in some cases redesign may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time; 

pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees, which we may have to pay if a court decides that the product or proprietary technology at issue infringes upon or violates the third-party s rights; 

pay substantial royalties or fees or grant cross-licenses to our technology; and 

defend litigation or administrative proceedings that may be costly whether we win or lose, and which could result in a substantial diversion of our financial and management resources. 

47 

Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex
patent litigation more effectively than we can, because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting
from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary
to continue our operations or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects. 

We may choose to challenge the patentability of claims in a third party s
U.S. patent by requesting that the USPTO review the patent claims in an ex-parte re-exam, inter partes review or post-grant review proceedings.
These proceedings are expensive and may consume time or other resources. We may choose to challenge a third party s patent in patent
opposition proceedings in the European Patent Office, or EPO, or other foreign patent office. The costs of these opposition proceedings
could be substantial, and may consume time or other resources. If we fail to obtain a favorable result at the USPTO, EPO or other patent
office, then we may be exposed to litigation by a third party alleging that the patent is infringed by our product candidates or proprietary
technologies. 

During the course of any intellectual property litigation, there could
be public announcements of the initiation of the litigation, as well as results of hearings, rulings on motions and other interim proceedings
in the litigation. If securities analysts or investors regard these announcements as negative, the perceived value of our product candidates,
programs or intellectual property could be diminished. Accordingly, the market price of shares of our common stock may decline. Such announcements
could also harm our reputation or the market for our future product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents
or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 

Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents that we license.
In the event of infringement or unauthorized use, we may file one or more infringement lawsuits, which can be expensive and time-consuming.
An adverse result in any such litigation proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, being found to
be unenforceable or being interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. An adverse result could also
require us to pay the legal fees of the opposing party. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection
with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during
this type of litigation. 

Many of our competitors are larger than us and have substantially greater
resources. They are, therefore, likely to be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation longer than we could. In addition,
the uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise any funds necessary to continue
our operations, continue our internal research programs, in-license needed technology, or enter into development partnerships that would
help us bring the Vicarious Surgical System to market. 

In addition, patent litigation can be very costly and time-consuming.
An adverse outcome in any such litigation or proceedings may expose us or any of our future development partners to loss of our proprietary
position, expose us to significant liabilities, or require us to seek licenses that may not be available on commercially acceptable terms,
if at all. 

If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or
unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on the technology or process claimed by the patent.
In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents or those of our future licensors is threatened, it could
dissuade other companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. Such a
loss of patent protection could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

48 

We may be required to protect our patents through procedures created
to attack the validity of a patent at the USPTO. The USPTO hears post-grant proceedings, including PGR, IPR and derivation proceedings.
An adverse determination in any such submission or proceeding could reduce the scope or enforceability of, or invalidate, our patent rights,
which could adversely affect our competitive position. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary
standard in United States federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a
USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the
claim if first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate
our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action.
Thus, the America Invents Act (the AIA and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the
prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our issued patents could be found invalid or unenforceable if
challenged in court, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged or invalidated
despite measures we take to obtain patent and other intellectual property protection with respect to our product candidates and proprietary
technology. For example, if we or any of our partners were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering
the Vicarious Surgical System, the defendant in such litigation could counterclaim that our patent is invalid and/or unenforceable. In
patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for
a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness
or non-enablement, or failure to claim patent eligible subject matter. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation
that someone connected with the prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement
during prosecution either in the U.S. or abroad. Third parties may also raise similar claims before the USPTO or foreign patent offices,
even outside the context of litigation. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With
respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art of which we and the patent
examiner were unaware or was otherwise not considered during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity
and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the challenged patent. Such a loss of patent protection could
have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or
independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their other clients or former employers to us, which
could subject us to costly litigation. 

As is common in the medical device industry, we engage the services
of consultants and independent contractors to assist us in the development of the Vicarious Surgical System. Many of these consultants
and independent contractors were previously employed at, or may have previously provided or may be currently providing consulting or other
services to, universities or other technology or medical device companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We may
become subject to claims that we, a consultant or an independent contractor, inadvertently or otherwise, used or disclosed trade secrets
or other information proprietary to their former employers or their former or current clients. We may similarly be subject to claims stemming
from similar actions of an employee, such as one who was previously employed by another company, including a competitor or potential competitor.
Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could
result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management team. If we were not successful, we could lose access or exclusive
access to valuable intellectual property. 

In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of
hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and, if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be
negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. This type of litigation or proceeding could substantially
increase our operating losses and reduce our resources available for development activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other
resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation
or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their substantially greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the
initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings could adversely affect our ability
to compete in the marketplace. 

49 

We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership
of our patents and other intellectual property. 

We generally enter into confidentiality and intellectual property assignment
agreements with our employees, consultants, and contractors. These agreements generally provide that inventions conceived by the party
in the course of rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. However, those agreements may not be honored and may not effectively
assign intellectual property rights to us. For example, even if we have a consulting agreement in place with an academic advisor pursuant
to which such academic advisor is required to assign any inventions developed in connection with providing services to us, such academic
advisor may not have the right to assign such inventions to us, as it may conflict with his or her obligations to assign all such intellectual
property to his or her employing institution. 

We may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or
other third parties have an interest in our patents, trade secrets, or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. Also,
former employees may become employed by competitors who develop similar technology, and could assist the competitor in designing around
our patents. While it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property
to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party
who in fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment agreements entered into by us may not be self-executing
or may be breached, and litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or our ownership
of our patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary
damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, intellectual property that
is important to our product candidates. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial
costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights
throughout the world, which could materially, negatively affect our business. 

Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on current and future product
candidates and technologies in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and many markets outside the United
States will likely be smaller than the United States for commercializing the Vicarious Surgical System. We may therefore choose to pursue
a more limited set of patent filings outside the United States, such that our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the
United States may be less extensive than those in the United States, or may not be pursued at all in such countries. In addition, the
laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United
States. Consequently, regardless of whether we are able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in the United States,
we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling
or importing products and technologies made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may
use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not pursued and obtained patent protection to develop their own product candidates
and technologies, and further, may export otherwise infringing products and technologies to territories where we have patent protection,
but enforcement is not as strong as it is in the United States. These products and technologies may compete with our product candidates
and technologies, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing.
Even if we pursue and obtain issued patents in particular jurisdictions, our patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not
be effective or sufficient to prevent third parties from competing in such jurisdictions. Patent protection must ultimately be sought
on a country-by-country basis, which is an expensive and time-consuming process with uncertain outcomes. Accordingly, we may choose not
to seek patent protection in certain countries, and we will not have the benefit of patent protection in such countries. 

50 

Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting
and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing
countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to
stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products and technologies in violation of our proprietary rights generally.
Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention
from other aspects of our business. These proceedings could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our
patent applications at risk of not issuing. Additionally, these proceedings could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We
may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful.
Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial
advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license and may adversely impact our business. 

In addition, we also face the risk that the Vicarious Surgical System
will be imported or reimported into markets with relatively higher prices from markets with relatively lower prices, which would result
in a decrease of sales and any payments we receive from the affected market. Recent developments in U.S. patent law have made it more
difficult to stop these and related practices based on theories of patent infringement. 

Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position
on technology for an adequate amount of time. 

Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance
fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various
extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product
candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for a product, we may be open to competition. Given the amount of time required
for the development, testing and regulatory review of new products, patents protecting such products might expire before or shortly after
such products are commercialized. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing
products similar or identical to our product candidates for a meaningful amount of time, or at all. 

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance
with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent
protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 

The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require
compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent process. There are situations
in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of
patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, competitors might be able to enter the market earlier than would otherwise
have been the case. 

Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to
the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent
agencies also require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment (such as annuities) and other similar provisions
during the patent application process and beyond. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by
other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of
the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance
events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond
to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In
some cases, our licensors may be responsible for these payments or filings, thereby decreasing our control over compliance with these
requirements. 

If we fail to comply with such procedural, documentary, payment and
other provisions for any item of intellectual property, such intellectual property may become abandoned or may lapse. 

51 

If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected,
then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 

Our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names may be challenged,
infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to
these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest.
At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly
leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other
registered trademarks. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then
we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. 

In addition, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on
our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. We may license
our trademarks and trade names to third parties, such as distributors. Though these license agreements may provide guidelines for how
our trademarks and trade names may be used, a breach of these agreements or misuse of our trademarks and tradenames by our licensees may
jeopardize our rights in, or diminish the goodwill associated with, our trademarks and trade names. Our efforts to enforce or protect
our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade names, trade secrets, domain names, copyrights or other intellectual property may
be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could adversely affect our financial condition or
results of operations. 

Numerous factors may limit any potential competitive advantage
provided by our intellectual property rights. 

The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property
rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business, provide a barrier
to entry against our competitors or potential competitors, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. Moreover, if a third party
has intellectual property rights that cover the practice of our technology, we may not be able to fully exercise or extract value from
our intellectual property rights. The following examples are illustrative: 

others
may be able to develop and/or practice technology that is similar to our technology or aspects of our technology that are not covered
by the claims of any patents that have issued, or may issue, from our owned or in-licensed patent applications; 

we
might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by a pending patent application that we own or license; 

we
might not have been the first to file patent applications covering an invention and therefore may not be able to obtain or maintain patent
protection for the invention; 

others
may independently develop similar or alternative technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 

pending
patent applications that we own or license may not lead to issued patents; 

patents,
if issued, that we own or license may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be interpreted narrowly or held invalid
or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 

third
parties may compete with us in jurisdictions where we do not pursue and obtain patent protection; 

we
may not be able to obtain and/or maintain necessary or useful licenses on reasonable terms or at all; 

third
parties may be able to also license the intellectual property that we have licensed nonexclusively; 

third
parties may assert an ownership interest in our intellectual property and, if successful, such disputes may preclude us from exercising
exclusive rights over that intellectual property; 

we
may not be able to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets or other proprietary information; 

we
may not develop or in-license additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; and 

one
or more third parties may pursue continuation patent applications with claims directed to our product offerings, and if issued such patents
may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Should any of these events occur, they could significantly harm our
business and results of operations. 

52 

Litigation Risks 

In addition to IP litigation risks (referenced above), we face
the risk of product liability claims and may be subject to damages, fines, penalties and injunctions, among other things. 

Our business exposes us to the risk of product liability claims that
are inherent in the testing, manufacturing and marketing of medical devices, including those which may arise from the misuse (including
system hacking or other unauthorized access by third parties to our systems) or malfunction of, or design flaws in, our product candidates,
when or if authorized for marketing. This liability may vary based on the FDA classification associated with our devices and with state
law governing product liability standards applied to specification developers and/or manufacturers in a given negligence or strict liability
lawsuit. We may be subject to product liability claims if the Vicarious Surgical System causes, or merely appears to have caused, an injury.
Claims may be made by patients, healthcare providers or others selling the Vicarious Surgical System. The risk of product liability claims
may also increase if our product candidates are subject to a recall or seizure. Product liability claims may be brought by individuals
or by groups seeking to represent a class. 

Although we have insurance at levels that we believe to be appropriate,
this insurance is subject to deductibles and coverage limitations. Our current product liability insurance may not continue to be available
to us on acceptable terms, if at all, and, if available, the coverage may not be adequate to protect us against any future product liability
claims. If we are unable to maintain insurance at an acceptable cost or on acceptable terms with adequate coverage or otherwise protect
against potential product liability claims, we may be exposed to significant liabilities, which may harm our business. A product liability
claim, recall or other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or for amounts in excess of insured liabilities could result in significant
costs and significant harm to our business. 

We may be subject to claims against us even if the apparent injury
is due to the actions of others or misuse of the device or a partner device. Healthcare providers may use the Vicarious Surgical System
in a manner inconsistent with the labeling and that differs from the manner in which it was used in clinical studies and authorization
for use by the FDA. Off-label use of medical products by healthcare providers is common, and any such off-label use of the Vicarious Surgical
System could subject us to additional liability, or require design changes to limit this potential off-label use once discovered. Defending
a suit, regardless of merit, could be costly, could divert management attention and might result in adverse publicity, which could result
in the withdrawal of, or result in reduced acceptance of, the Vicarious Surgical System in the market. 

Additionally, we may enter into various agreements where we
indemnify third parties for certain claims relating to the Vicarious Surgical System. These indemnification obligations may require
us to pay significant sums of money for claims that are covered by these indemnification obligations. We are not currently subject
to any product liability claims; however, any future product liability claims against it, regardless of their merit, may result in
negative publicity about us that could ultimately harm our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, or results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Securities and to Being a Public Company 

Our outstanding warrants became exercisable for our Class A common
stock 30 days after the closing of our Business Combination, which increased the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public
market and, upon exercise, will result in dilution to our stockholders. 

Following the Business Combination, there were (i) 17,249,991 outstanding
public warrants to purchase 17,249,991 shares of our Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, (ii) 8,900,000 outstanding
private placement warrants issued in connection with D8 s initial public offering exercisable for 8,900,000 shares of our Class
A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, and (iii) 1,500,000 outstanding private placement warrants issued upon conversion
of working capital loans made to D8 exercisable for 1,500,000 shares of our Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share.
The warrants became exercisable 30 days after the closing of our Business Combination, which occurred on September 17, 2021. In certain
circumstances, the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. To the extent such warrants are exercised, additional shares of our
Class A common stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to the holders of our Class A common stock and increase the number
of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market could adversely affect
the market price of our Class A common stock, the impact of which is increased as the value of our stock price increases. However, there
is no guarantee that the warrants will remain in the money prior to their expiration, and as such, the warrants may expire worthless. 

53 

The valuation of our warrants could increase the volatility in
our net income (loss) in our consolidated statements of operations. 

The change in fair value of our warrants is the result of changes in
stock price and warrants outstanding at each reporting period. The change in fair value of warrant liabilities represents the mark-to-market
fair value adjustments to the outstanding warrants issued in connection with the initial public offering of D8. Significant changes in
our stock price or number of warrants outstanding may adversely affect our net income (loss) in our consolidated statements of operations. 

We may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material
weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting. 

We have previously identified a material weakness in our internal controls
over financial reporting. See We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we
are unable to successfully remediate this material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to report
our financial condition or results of operations accurately or in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us
and, as a result, materially and adversely affect our business and the value of our Class A common stock. 

As noted on our Form 10-Q/A as of and for the period ended September
30, 2021, we restated our financial statements to adjust the valuation of our public warrants the Restatement ). As a result
of such material weakness, we face potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal
and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the Restatement and material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. We can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute
will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company
within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging
growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning
of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result,
our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to
five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging
growth company as of the last day of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because
we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

54 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth
companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that
have not had a registration statement under the Securities Act declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under
the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when
a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our
financial statements with another public company that is not an emerging growth company or is an emerging growth company which has opted
out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last
day of the fiscal year in which (i) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is greater than or equal to 250 million
as of the end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter, and (ii) our annual revenues are greater than or equal to 100 million
during the last completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end
of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also
make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

We cannot predict the impact our dual class structure may have
on the stock price of our Class A common stock. 

We cannot predict whether our dual class structure will result in
a lower or more volatile market price of our Class A common stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. For
example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies with multiple-class share structures in certain
of their indexes. Under these policies, our dual class capital structure would make us ineligible for inclusion in certain indices,
and as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track those indices
will not be investing in our stock. It is unclear what effect, if any, these policies will have on the valuations of publicly traded
companies excluded from such indices, but it is possible that they may depress valuations, as compared to similar companies that are
included. As a result, the market price of shares of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or
reports about our business or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our securities, our stock price and trading volume
could decline. 

The trading market for our securities is influenced by the research
and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of
us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the price and trading
volume of our securities to decline. Further, if any of these analysts issues an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us, our business
model, our industry or our stock performance or if our operating results fail to meet analyst expectations, the price of our securities
could also decline. 

55 

Delaware law and our organizational documents contain certain
provisions, including anti-takeover provisions that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage
takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 

The provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL and our organizational documents contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying,
or preventing an acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive
a premium for their shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares
of our common stock, and therefore depress the trading price of our common stock. Additionally, these provisions could also make it difficult
for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current members of our board of directors
or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. Among other things, our organizational documents include
provisions regarding: 

the
ability of our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock; 

the
ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock, including blank check preferred stock and to determine
the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used
to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 

limitations
on the liability of, and the indemnification of, our directors and officers; 

the
right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our board of directors or the resignation,
death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

the
requirement that directors may only be removed from our board of directors for cause and upon the affirmative vote of the holders of
at least 66 2/3 of the total voting power of then outstanding shares of our common stock; 

a
prohibition on stockholder action by written consent (except for actions by the holders of our Class B common stock or as required
for holders of future series of our preferred stock), which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of
stockholders and could delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a stockholder proposal or to take action, including
the removal of directors; 

the
requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by our board of directors, the chairman of our board of directors,
or our chief executive officer, which could delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action,
including the removal of directors; 

controlling
the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of our board of directors and stockholder meetings; 

the
requirement for the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the total voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of
the voting stock, voting together as a single class, to amend, alter, change or repeal certain provisions in our certificate of incorporation
(the Charter which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders
and delay changes in our board of directors and also may inhibit the ability of an acquirer to effect such amendments to facilitate an
unsolicited takeover attempt; 

the
ability of our board of directors to amend our amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws ), which may allow our board of directors
to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend the Bylaws to facilitate
an unsolicited takeover attempt; and 

advance
notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted
upon at a stockholders meeting, which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders
and delay changes in our board of directors and also may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies
to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

These anti-takeover provisions as well as certain provisions of Delaware
law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party s offer may be considered beneficial by
many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. If prospective
takeovers are not consummated for any reason, we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts
on the price of our common stock. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for our stockholders
to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions that our stockholders desire. 

In addition, the provisions of the Director Nomination Agreement entered
into on September 17, 2021, or the Director Nomination Agreement, with D8 Sponsor LLC provide it with certain board nomination rights
which could also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. 

56 

The provisions of our certificate of incorporation requiring
exclusive forum in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States for certain types
of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging certain lawsuits, including derivative lawsuits and lawsuits against us or our directors,
officers or other employees, by limiting plaintiffs ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent
in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that such
court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, any other court located in the State of Delaware with subject matter jurisdiction),
will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (b) any action asserting a
claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of ours to us or
our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us or our officers or directors arising pursuant to any provision of the
DGCL or the Charter or Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, (d)
any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Charter or the Bylaws or any provision thereof, (e) any
action asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer, employee, stockholder or agent of ours governed by
the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware or (f) any action asserting an internal corporate
claim as defined in Section 115 of the DGCL. The Charter also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of
an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive
forum for the resolutions of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. This provision in the
Charter does not address or apply to claims that arise under the Exchange Act. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive
federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and
regulations thereunder; to the extent these provisions could be construed to apply to such claims, there is uncertainty as to
whether a court would enforce such provisions in connection with such claims, and our stockholders cannot waive compliance with the
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest
in any of our securities will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of the Charter described in the preceding paragraph.
These provisions may have the effect of discouraging certain lawsuits, including derivative lawsuits and lawsuits against us and our directors
and officers, by limiting plaintiffs ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable. The enforceability
of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation or bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings,
and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice of forum provisions
contained in the Charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. Furthermore, if a court were to find these provisions of
our certificate of incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings,
we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board
of directors. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, or any litigation that we may be subject to or involved
in may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws, regulations and rules enacted by national, regional and local governments and the New York Stock Exchange on which
our securities are listed. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC, NYSE, Delaware and other legal and regulatory requirements.
Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations and rules may be difficult, time-consuming and costly. 

Those
laws, regulations and rules and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a
material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. For example, it is difficult to predict what impact, if
any, changes in federal laws and policies, including those relating to tax, environmental, labor and employment, will have on our business
and industry, the economy as a whole, consumer confidence and discretionary spending. Further, a recent ruling by the Court of Chancery
in Delaware introduced uncertainty as to whether Section 242(b)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL required
a separate vote in favor of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock, in addition to a vote in favor
of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock, voting together
as a single class, to properly authorize shares of Class A common stock. In connection with the Business Combination, our stockholders
authorized an increase in the number of shares of Class A common stock under Cayman Islands law, our jurisdiction at the time of the stockholder
vote. Accordingly, we do not believe that the Delaware ruling applies to us. However, any failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations
or rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Claims alleging
that a portion of our Class A common stock was not authorized could lead to shares of our Class A common stock being voidable and have
a material adverse effect on the Company and its prospects. In addition, uncertainty with respect to the Company s capitalization
resulting from the Court of Chancery s ruling referenced above could have a material adverse impact on the Company, including on
the Company s ability to complete equity financing transactions or issue stock-based compensation to its employees, directors and
officers until the underlying issues are definitively resolved. This uncertainty could impair the Company s ability to execute its
business plan, attract and retain employees, management and directors and adversely affect its commercial relationships. 

Although we are not a controlled company within
the meaning of the NYSE rules, we might become a controlled company in the future, and, as a result, our stockholders may
not have certain corporate governance protections that are available to stockholders of companies that are not controlled companies. 

If more than 50 of the voting power for the election of our directors
is held by an individual, a group or another company, we will become a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE
corporate governance standards. Following the completion of the Business Combination, Adam Sachs, Sammy Khalifa, and Barry Greene held
approximately 80.0 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Messrs. Sachs, Khalifa and Greene have no agreement or arrangement
to act together with respect to voting of the Class B common stock, and thus they have not formed a group for purposes of
controlled company status. Although no individual, group or other company will have more than 50 of our voting power, Messrs. Sachs,
Khalifa and Greene may in the future decide to act as a group, and this concentration of voting power would cause us to become a controlled
company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. 

57 

As a result, if we become a controlled company 
within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards, then we will not be subject to the requirements that would otherwise
require it to have: (i) a majority of independent directors; (ii) a nominating committee comprised solely of independent directors;
(iii) compensation of our executive officers determined by a majority of the independent directors or a compensation committee
comprised solely of independent directors; and (iv) director nominees selected, or recommended for our board of directors 
selection, either by a majority of the independent directors or a nominating committee comprised solely of independent directors.
Each share of Class A common stock initially entitles its holders to one vote on all matters presented to stockholders generally and
each share of Class B common stock initially entitles its holders to twenty votes on all matters presented to stockholders
generally. Accordingly, Messrs. Sachs, Khalifa and Greene, by virtue of their Class B common stock, hold approximately 80.0 of the
voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Accordingly, those owners, if voting in the same manner, will be able to control the
election and removal of the directors of our board of directors (subject to the Director Nomination Agreement) and thereby determine
corporate and management policies, including potential mergers or acquisitions, payment of dividends, asset sales, amendment of the
Charter and Bylaws and other significant corporate transactions of ours for so long as they retain significant ownership of Class B
common stock. This concentration of ownership may delay or deter possible changes in control of us, which may adversely affect the
market price of shares of our Class A common stock. 

Our principal stockholders and management will exert significant
influence over us and their interests may conflict with yours in the future. 

Each share of Class A common stock initially entitles its holders to
one vote on all matters presented to stockholders generally and each share of Class B common stock initially entitles its holders to twenty
votes on all matters presented to stockholders generally. Accordingly, Messrs. Sachs, Khalifa and Greene, by virtue of their Class B common
stock, hold approximately 80.0 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Accordingly, those owners, if voting in the same
manner, will be able to control the election and removal of the directors of our board of directors (subject to the Director Nomination
Agreement) and thereby determine corporate and management policies, including potential mergers or acquisitions, payment of dividends,
asset sales, amendment of the Charter and Bylaws and other significant corporate transactions of ours for so long as they retain significant
ownership of Class B common stock. This concentration of ownership may delay or deter possible changes in control of us, which may adversely
affect the market price of shares of our Class A common stock. 

ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We currently maintain our executive offices at 78 Fourth Avenue, Waltham,
Massachusetts 02451. We also occupy manufacturing and laboratory space located at 62 Fourth Avenue Waltham, MA 02451. We lease office
space under operating leases. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, to our knowledge,
we are not party to and our property is not subject to any material pending legal proceedings. However, from time to time, we may become
involved in legal proceedings or subject to claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business activities. Regardless of the outcome,
such legal proceedings or claims could have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources,
negative publicity and reputational harm, and other factors. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

58 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Our Class A common stock and public warrants are currently listed
on the NYSE under the symbols RBOT, and RBOT WS, respectively. We do not intend to list the private placement
warrants on any securities exchange. 

Holders 

As of February 3, 2023, there were approximately 33 holders of record
of our Class A common stock, three holders of record of our Class B common stock, three holders of record of the public warrants
and two holders of record of the private placement warrants. 

Such numbers do not include beneficial owners holding our securities
through nominee names. There is no public market for our Class B common stock. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A common stock
or Class B common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if
any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of our board
of directors at such time. 

Unregistered Sales of Securities 

Not applicable. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

59 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion and analysis provides information which
management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our condensed consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
This discussion contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those
described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Actual results may differ materially from those
contained in any forward-looking statements. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to we , us ,
 our , and the Company are intended to mean the business and operations of Vicarious Surgical Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries. 

Overview 

We are combining advanced miniaturized robotics, computer science and 3D
visualization to build a new category of intelligent and affordable, single-port surgical robot that virtually transports surgeons inside
the patient to perform minimally invasive surgery. With our next-generation robotics technology and proprietary human-like surgical robots,
we are seeking to improve patient outcomes, as well as the cost and efficacy of surgical procedures. Led by a visionary team of engineers
from MIT, we intend to deliver the next generation in robotic surgery, designed to solve the shortcomings of both open surgery, as well
as current manual and robot-assisted minimally invasive surgery. 

We estimate there are over 39 million soft tissue surgical procedures
addressable annually worldwide by our technology. Of these procedures, it is estimated that more than 50 are performed using open surgery,
and less than 5 are performed by current robot-assisted minimally invasive surgery. 

Financial Highlights 

We are pre-revenue generating as of December 31, 2022. 

We generated net income of 5,157 (in thousands) and incurred a net
loss of 35,207 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing a period-over-period gain of 115 . The 2022
net income is inclusive of a gain of 84,000 related to the change in valuation of our warrant obligations. The 2021 net loss is inclusive
of a gain of 3,085 related to the change in valuation of our warrant obligations. Our loss from operations prior to the warrant gain
and other income and expense items was 80,078 and 38,223 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing
a period-over-period loss of 110 , which was primarily due to a 77 increase in our average headcount and increased spending as we continue
to develop our surgical robot. Our increase in average headcount was driven almost entirely by our ramp up in R D personnel for which
our average headcount increased by 67 from an average of 84 people in the year ended December 31, 2021 to an average of 140 people for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

COVID-19 

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the global outbreak
of COVID-19 to be a pandemic. We continue to closely monitor the recent developments surrounding the continued spread and potential resurgence
of COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and is expected to continue to have, an adverse impact on our operations, particularly as
a result of preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses, and governments are taking. Refer to Risk Factors 
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. We are unable to predict the full impact that the COVID-19
pandemic will have on our future results of operations, liquidity and financial condition due to numerous uncertainties, including the
duration of the pandemic, the actions that may be taken by government authorities across the United States. However, COVID-19 is not expected
to result in any significant changes in costs going forward. We will continue to monitor the performance of our business and reassess
the impacts of COVID-19. 

Other Global Developments 

In 2022, various central banks around the world (including the Federal
Reserve in the United States) raised interest rates. While these rate increases have not had a significant adverse impact on the Company
to date, the impact of such rate increases on the overall financial markets and the economy may adversely impact the Company in the future.
In addition, the global economy has experienced and is continuing to experience high levels of inflation and global supply chain disruptions.
We continue to monitor these supply chain, inflation and interest rate factors, as well as the uncertainty resulting from the overall
economic environment. 

In addition, although we have no operations in or direct exposure to
Russia, Belarus and Ukraine, we have experienced limited constraints in availability and increasing costs required to obtain some materials
and supplies due, in part, to the negative impact of the Russia-Ukraine military conflict on the global economy. To date, our business
has not been materially impacted by the conflict; however, as the conflict continues or worsens, it may impact our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

60 

Business Combination 

On September 17, 2021, we completed the Business Combination. The Business
Combination was approved by D8 s stockholders at its special meeting held on September 15, 2021. The transaction resulted in the
combined company being renamed Vicarious Surgical Inc., Legacy Vicarious being renamed Vicarious Surgical Operating
Co. and the combined company s Class A common stock and warrants to purchase Class A common stock commencing trading on the
NYSE on September 20, 2021 under the symbol RBOT and RBOT WS , respectively. As a result of the Business Combination,
we received gross proceeds of approximately 142.0 million. 

On October 6, 2021, Legacy Vicarious changed its name from Vicarious
Surgical Operating Co. to Vicarious Surgical US Inc. 

Factors Affecting Results of Operations 

The following factors have been important to our business and we expect
them to impact our results of operations and financial condition in future periods: 

Revenue 

To date, we have not generated any revenue. We do not expect to generate
revenue until at least 2024 and only then if we receive FDA authorization of our product candidate. Any revenue from initial sales of
a new product is difficult to predict and, in any event, will initially only modestly reduce our continued net losses resulting from our
increasing research and development and marketing activities. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development, or R D, expenses consist primarily of
engineering, product development, regulatory expenses, medical affairs, and other costs associated with product candidates and technologies
that are in development. These expenses include employee compensation, including stock-based compensation, supplies, consulting, prototyping,
testing, materials, travel expenses, depreciation and an allocation of facility overhead expenses. Additionally, R D expenses include
costs associated with our internal and external costs associated with our regulatory compliance and quality assurance functions and overhead
costs. We expect R D expenses as a percentage of revenue to vary over time depending on the level and timing of our new product development
efforts, as well as our clinical development, clinical trial and other related activities. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative, or G A, expenses consist primarily
of compensation for personnel, including stock-based compensation, related to executive, finance and accounting, information technology
and human resource functions. Other G A expenses include travel expenses, professional services fees (including legal, audit and tax
fees), insurance costs, general corporate expenses and allocated facilities-related expenses. We expect G A expenses to continue to
increase in absolute dollars as we expand our infrastructure to both drive and support the anticipated growth due to additional legal,
accounting, insurance and other expenses associated with being a public company. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Sales and marketing, or S M, expenses consist primarily of compensation
for personnel, including stock-based compensation, related to selling and marketing functions and physician education programs. Other
S M expenses include training, travel expenses, promotional activities, marketing initiatives, market research and analysis, conferences
and trade shows, professional services fees and allocated facilities-related expenses. We expect S M expenses to continue to increase
in absolute dollars as we increase potential customers awareness of our presence and prepares our sales and marketing function
for our product launch at a future, yet undetermined date. 

61 

Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities 

Change in fair value of warrant liability represents the
mark-to-market fair value adjustments to the outstanding Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants assumed as part of the
consummation of the Business Combination on September 17, 2021. The change in fair value of our Private Placement Warrants is
primarily the result of the change in the underlying stock price of our stock used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model while
the Public Warrants are marked-to-market based on their price on the NYSE. The warrant liability was measured at fair value
initially on September 17, 2021 and is remeasured at exercise, and for warrants that remain outstanding at the end of each
subsequent reporting period. 

Interest Income 

Interest income consists primarily of interest income earned on our
cash and cash equivalents. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense consists primarily of interest incurred on our term
and equipment loans. 

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth our historical operating results for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands, except for per share amounts) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 43,900 
 22,059 
 21,841 
 99 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 6,463 
 2,961 
 3,502 
 118 
 
 General and administrative 
 29,715 
 13,203 
 16,512 
 125 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 80,078 
 38,223 
 41,855 
 110 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (80,078 
 (38,223 
 (41,855 
 110 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 84,000 
 3,085 
 80,915 
 2,623 
 
 Interest income 
 1,435 
 20 
 1,415 
 N/M 
 
 Interest expense 
 (200 
 (89 
 (111 
 125 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 5,157 
 (35,207 
 40,364 
 115 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

N/M 
 
 Net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) 
 5,157 
 (35,207 
 40,364 
 115 
 
 Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted 
 0.04 
 (0.36 
 0.40 
 111 

Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Research and Development Expenses . Research and development
expenses increased 21,841, or 99 , to 43,900 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 22,059 during the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to increases of 12,663 of personnel-related expenses, 4,547
in professional services, 2,328 in facility expenses, 1,389 in materials and supplies, 587 in equipment and depreciation costs, and
 379 for travel expenses. The increase in personnel-related expenses was due primarily to an increase in average headcount of 67 , from
an average of 84 people in 2021 to an average of 140 people in 2022, with the remainder of the increase attributable to increases in wages
and benefits. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses . Sales and marketing expenses increased
 3,502, or 118 , from 2,961 in the year ended 2021 to 6,463 during the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in sales and marketing
costs was primarily due to increases of 3,136 in personnel-related expenses, 160 in professional services, and 172 in travel expenses.
The increase in personnel-related expenses was due to an average headcount increase of 167 , from an average of 6 people in 2021 to an
average of 16 people in 2022, with the remainder of the increase attributable to increases in wages and benefits. 

General and Administrative Expenses . General and
administrative expenses increased 16,512, or 125 , to 29,715 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 13,203 during
the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in general and administrative costs was primarily due to increases of 10,867 in
personnel-related expenses, 3,348 in insurance as a result of becoming a public company, and 2,178 in professional fees. The
increase in personnel-related expenses was due to an average headcount increase of 93 , from an average of 15 people in 2021 to an
average of 29 people in 2022, with the remainder of the increase attributable to increases in wages and benefits. 

62 

Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities . The change in fair
value of warrant liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was an 84,000 gain. The change in fair value of warrant liability
resulted from the remeasurement of the public and private placement warrant liabilities between December 31, 2021 and the end of the reporting
period, December 31, 2022. 

Interest Income . Interest income increased by 1,415 during
the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest income was primarily due to an
increase in interest rates on our invested cash balances during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Interest Expense . Interest expense increased by 111 during
the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to paying off the 1.5
million term loan in October 2022 and the related acceleration of the deferred debt issuance costs. 

Income Taxes . Our income tax provision consists of an estimate
for U.S. federal and state income taxes based on enacted rates, as adjusted for allowable credits, deductions, uncertain tax positions,
changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in tax law. Due to cumulative losses, we maintain a valuation allowance against
our U.S. and state deferred tax assets. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

To date, our primary sources of capital have been private placements
of preferred stock prior to the Business Combination, the recapitalization with D8 and the issuance of common stock. Net cash used in
our operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 61,211 and 33,298, respectively. As of December 31, 2022,
we held cash and cash equivalents of 116,208 and had an accumulated deficit of 61,641. 

Excluding the non-cash impact of potential changes in the fair value
of warrant liabilities, we expect net losses to continue in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue to invest
in commercialization and new product development. We believe our current cash balance of 116,208 will be sufficient to support our operations
beyond the next twelve months. 

We may seek to sell additional common or preferred equity or convertible
debt securities, enter into an additional credit facility or another form of third-party funding or seek other debt financing. The sale
of equity and convertible debt securities may result in dilution to our stockholders and, in the case of preferred equity securities or
convertible debt, those securities could provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common stock. The terms
of debt securities issued or borrowings pursuant to a credit agreement could impose significant restrictions on our operations. If we
raise funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we might be required to relinquish significant rights to our platform technologies
or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. Additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms,
or at all. 

On October 7, 2022, we filed a universal shelf registration
statement on Form S-3, which was declared effective by the SEC on October 27, 2022, on which we registered for sale up to 400
million of any combination of our Class A common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, rights and/or units from time to
time and at prices and on terms that we may determine, which includes up to 100 million of Class A common stock that we may issue
and sell from time to time, through Cowen and Company, LLC acting as our sales agent, pursuant to the sales agreement that we
entered into with Cowen and Company, LLC on October 7, 2022 for our at-the-market equity program. In December 2022, we
issued 3,048,781 shares of Class A common stock under our sales agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC, resulting in gross proceeds
of 10.0 million. 

Cash 

Our cash and cash equivalents balance as of December 31, 2022 was 116,208.
Our future capital requirements may vary from those currently planned and will depend on various factors, including the timing and extent
of R D spending and spending on other strategic business initiatives. 

Cash Flows Summary 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows Data: 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (61,211 
 (33,298 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (5,352 
 (1,289 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 9,145 
 192,164 

63 

Cash flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December
31, 2022 was 61,211, attributable to net income of 5,157 plus a net change in our net operating assets and liabilities of 3,362 and
offset by non-cash items of 69,730. Non-cash items consisted of an 84,000 gain from our warrant liabilities, partially offset by 12,255
in stock-based compensation, 1,111 of depreciation and amortization and 829 for non-cash lease expenses. The 3,362 change in our net
operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a 1,711 increase in accrued expenses, a 937 increase in lease liabilities, a 671
decrease in prepaid and other current assets, and a 135 increase in accounts payable partially offset by a 92 increase in other non-current
assets. 

Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31,
2021 was 33,298, attributable to a net loss of 35,207 plus a net change in our net operating assets and liabilities of 955 and non-cash
items of 954. Non-cash items consisted of 3,694 in stock-based compensation and 316 of depreciation and amortization, partially offset
by a 3,085 gain from our warrant liabilities. The 955 change in our net operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a 3,704
increase in accrued expenses, a 1,127 increase in accounts payable, and a 733 increase in deferred rent partially offset by a 4,609
increase in prepaid and other assets. 

Cash flows used in Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31,
2022 was 5,352 for fixed asset purchases consisting primarily of leasehold improvements and R D equipment. 

Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31,
2021 was 1,289 for equipment purchases. 

Cash flows provided by Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December
31, 2022 was 9,145 resulting from 9,700 of proceeds from the issuance of common stock net of issuance costs and 842 of proceeds from
the exercise of stock options, partially offset by 1,350 of cash used to pay off the term loan in full. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December
31, 2021 was 192,164 and primarily related to 190,424 of proceeds from the reverse recapitalization and proceeds of 1,500 from the
term loan and 421 of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and warrants, partially offset by 197 of cash used to pay back a portion
of the outstanding term and equipment loans. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the consolidated balance sheet
date, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our management bases its estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences could be material to our consolidated
financial statements. 

While our significant accounting policies are described in the notes
to our historical financial statements (see Note 2 of the accompanying financial statements), we believe the following critical accounting
policy requires significant judgment and estimates in the preparation of our financial statements: 

Stock-based compensation 

We account for all stock-based compensation, including stock options
and warrants, at fair value and recognize stock-based compensation expense for those equity awards, net of actual forfeitures, over the
requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award. 

64 

The fair value of our stock options on the date of grant is determined
by a Black-Scholes pricing model utilizing key assumptions such as stock price, expected volatility and expected term. Our estimates of
these assumptions are primarily based on the fair value of our stock, historical data, peer company data and judgment regarding future
trends. Prior to becoming a publicly traded company, the fair value of our common stock was determined by our Board of Directors at each
award grant date based upon a variety of factors, including the results obtained from an independent third-party valuation, our financial
position and historical financial performance, the status of technological developments within our proposed product candidates, the illiquid
nature of the common stock, arm s length sales of our capital stock, including convertible preferred stock, the effect of the rights
and preferences of the preferred stockholders, and the prospects of a liquidity event, among others, as our common stock was not actively
traded. Since becoming a publicly traded company, we use the publicly traded stock price as the fair value of our common stock. We use
the simplified method when calculating the expected term due to insufficient historical exercise data. Volatility is based on a benchmark
of comparable companies within the surgical robotics and medical device industries. The dividend yield used is zero, as we have never
paid any cash dividends and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may
potentially impact our financial position and results of operations is disclosed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements in our financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Emerging Growth Company 

Following the Business Combination, we became an emerging growth
company, as defined in the JOBS Act. Pursuant to the JOBS Act, an emerging growth company is provided the option to adopt new or
revised accounting standards that may be issued by FASB or the SEC either (i) within the same periods as those otherwise applicable to
non-emerging growth companies or (ii) within the same time periods as private companies. We intend to take advantage of the exemption
for complying with new or revised accounting standards within the same time periods as private companies. Accordingly, the information
contained herein may be different than the information you receive from other public companies. 

We also intend to take advantage of some of the reduced regulatory
and reporting requirements of emerging growth companies pursuant to the JOBS Act so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company,
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation, and exemptions from the requirements of holding non-binding advisory
votes on executive compensation and golden parachute payments. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Vicarious Surgical Inc.
(formerly D8 Holdings Corp.) 

Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Number 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 34) 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock, Common Stock and Stockholders Equity/(Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

65 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Background and Remediation of Material Weakness 

In connection with our evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
covering our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting. We have concluded that material weaknesses exist in our evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures, including
internal control over financial reporting, as we do not have the necessary business processes, personnel and related internal controls
to operate in a manner to satisfy the accounting and financial reporting requirements of a public company. These material weaknesses manifested
themselves in ways that included the improper segregation of duties relating to the recording of journal entries and the reconciliation
of key accounts, as well as the analysis of accounting for certain transactions and accounts. 

We are focused on designing and implementing effective internal controls
measures to improve our evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures, including internal control over financial reporting, and remediate
the material weaknesses. In order to remediate these material weaknesses, we have taken and plan to take the following actions: 

the
hiring and continued hiring of additional accounting, finance and legal resources with public company experience; and 

implementation
of additional review controls and processes requiring timely account reconciliation and analyses of certain transactions and accounts. 

These actions and planned actions are subject
to ongoing evaluation by management and will require testing and validation of design and operating effectiveness of internal controls
over financial reporting over future periods. We are committed to the continuous improvement of our internal control over financial reporting
and will continue to review the internal controls over financial reporting. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of December
31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Securities
and Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
identified in connection with the evaluation of such internal control required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act
that occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

66 

PART
III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The response to this item is incorporated by reference from the discussion
responsive thereto under the captions Management and Corporate Governance, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
and Code of Conduct and Ethics in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The response to this item is incorporated by reference from the discussion
responsive thereto under the captions Executive Officer and Director Compensation, in the Company s Proxy Statement
for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The response to this item is incorporated by reference from the discussion
responsive thereto under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation
Plan Information in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

The response to this item is incorporated by reference from the discussion
responsive thereto under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions and Management and Corporate
Governance in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The response to this item is incorporated by reference from the discussion
responsive thereto under the caption Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the
Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

67 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Item 15(a). The following documents are filed as part of this
annual report on Form 10-K: 

Item 15(a)(1) and (2) See Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements and Financial Statement Schedules at Item 8 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other financial statement schedules
have not been included because they are not applicable or the information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

Item 15(a)(3) Exhibits 

The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 
 Incorporated 
 by Reference 
 Herein from 
 Form or 
 Schedule 
 
 Filing 
 Date 
 
 SEC
 File/ 
 Reg. 
 Number 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and among Vicarious Surgical Inc. (formerly D8 Holdings Corp.), Snowball Merger Sub, Inc., and Vicarious Surgical Operating Co. (formerly Vicarious Surgical Inc.). 

Form 8-K 
 (Exhibit 2.1) 
 
 4/15/2021 
 
 001-39384 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Vicarious Surgical Inc. 

Form 8-K 
 (Exhibit 3.1) 
 
 9/23/2021 
 
 001-39384 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Vicarious Surgical Inc. 

Form 8-K 
 (Exhibit 3.2) 
 
 9/23/2021 
 
 001-39384 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 

Form 10-K 
(Exhibit
4.1) 
 
 3/31/2022 
 
 001-39384 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate 

Form 8-K 
 (Exhibit 4.1) 
 
 9/23/2021 
 
 001-39384 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of July 14, 2020, by and between Vicarious Surgical Inc. (formerly D8 Holdings Corp.) and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

Form 8-K 
 (Exhibit 4.1) 
 
 7/17/2020 
 
 001-39384 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, by and between Vicarious Surgical Inc. (formerly D8 Holdings Corp.), and the subscriber parties thereto. 

Form 8-K 
 (Exhibit 10.1) 
 
 4/15/2021 
 
 001-39384 
 
 10.2.1 
 
 Building Lease for the premises located at 78 Fourth Avenue, Waltham, Massachusetts, dated as of January 25, 2021, by and among Vicarious Surgical Inc. and Fourth Avenue LLC. 

Form S-4/A 
 (Exhibit 10.12) 
 
 8/2/2021 
 
 333-257055 
 
 10.2.2 
 
 Amendment to Lease, dated as of October 14, 2021, by and between Vicarious Surgical US Inc. and Fourth Avenue LLC 

Form 8-K 
 (Exhibit 10.1) 
 
 10/20/2021 
 
 001-39384 

10.2.3 
 
 Guaranty of Lease between Vicarious Surgical US Inc. and Fourth Avenue LLC dated as of October 14, 2021 

Form 8-K 

 (Exhibit 10.2) 
 
 10/20/2021 
 
 001-39384 
 
 10.3+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2021, by and between Vicarious Surgical Inc. and Adam Sachs. 

Form S-4/A 
 (Exhibit 10.13) 
 
 7/15/2021 
 
 333-257055 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2021, by and between Vicarious Surgical Inc. and Sammy Khalifa. 

Form S-4/A 
 (Exhibit 10.14) 
 
 7/15/2021 
 
 333-257055 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2021, by and between Vicarious Surgical Inc. and William Kelly. 

Form S-4/A 
 (Exhibit 10.15) 
 
 7/15/2021 
 
 333-257055 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2021, by and between Vicarious Surgical Inc. and June Morris. 

Form S-4/A 
 (Exhibit 10.16) 
 
 7/15/2021 
 
 333-257055 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2021, by and between Vicarious Surgical and David Styka. 

Form S-4/A 
 (Exhibit 10.17) 
 
 7/15/2021 
 
 333-257055 
 
 10.8+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Nonemployee Director Compensation Policy. 

Form 10-Q 
 (Exhibit 10.1) 
 
 5/9/2022 
 
 001-39384 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 Vicarious Surgical Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended. 

Form 8-K 
 (Exhibit 10.9) 
 
 09/23/2021 
 
 001-39384 
 
 10.10+ 
 
 Vicarious Surgical Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of agreement thereunder. 

Form
 8-K 
 (Exhibit 10.1) 
 
 6/3/2022 
 
 001-39384 
 
 10.11 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2021, by and among Vicarious Surgical Inc. (formerly D8 Holdings Corp.), Vicarious Surgical Operating Co. (formerly Vicarious Surgical Inc.) and certain of their securityholders. 

Form 8-K 
 (Exhibit 10.11) 
 
 09/23/2021 
 
 001-39384 

68 

10.12+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 

Form 8-K 
(Exhibit 10.12) 
 
 09/23/2021 
 
 001-39384 
 
 10.13 
 
 Director Nomination Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2021, by and between Vicarious Surgical Inc. (formerly D8 Holdings Corp.) and D8 Sponsor LLC. 

Form 8-K 
(Exhibit 10.13) 
 
 09/23/2021 
 
 001-39384 
 
 10.14 
 
 Sales Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Cowen and Company, LLC 

Form S-3 
 (Exhibit 1.2) 
 
 10/7/2022 
 
 333-267785 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

Form S-1 
(Exhibit 21.1) 
 
 10/15/2021 
 
 333-260281 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

32 
 
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 X 

The
certifications furnished in Exhibit 32 attached hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed
 filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the registrant
specifically incorporates it by reference. 

Certain
of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Registrant agrees
to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

+ Management
contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

69 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized . 

VICARIOUS SURGICAL INC. 

Date: February 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Adam Sachs 

Adam Sachs 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated
below and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Adam Sachs 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 
 Adam Sachs 

/s/ William Kelly 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 
 William Kelly 

/s/ David Styka 
 
 Chairman 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 
 David Styka 

/s/ Victoria Carr-Brendel, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 
 Victoria Carr-Brendel, Ph.D. 

/s/ Beverly Huss 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 
 Beverly Huss 

/s/ Sammy Khalifa 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 
 Sammy Khalifa 

/s/ Ric Fulop 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 
 Ric Fulop 

/s/ Donald Tang 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 
 Donald Tang 

/s/ David Ho 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 
 David Ho 

70 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock, Common Stock and Stockholders Equity/(Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the stockholders and the Board of Directors
of Vicarious Surgical Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Vicarious Surgical Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, convertible preferred stock, common stock, and stockholders equity/(deficit), and cash flows, for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

February 14, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2020. 

F- 2 

VICARIOUS SURGICAL INC. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 
(in thousands, except share and per sha re data) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Restricted cash 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Other long-term assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities, current portion 

Current portion of equipment loans 

Current portion of term loan 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Deferred rent 

Equipment loans, net of current portion 

Term loan, net of current portion and issuance costs 

Warrant liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) 

Legacy convertible preferred stock (Note 11) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 3 

VICARIOUS SURGICAL INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
(in thousands except, per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Income/(loss) before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income/(loss) and comprehensive gain/(loss) 

Net income/(loss) per share of Class A and Class B common stock, basic and diluted

See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

VICARIOUS SURGICAL INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, COMMON STOCK AND 
STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY/(DEFICIT) 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
(In thousands, except share data) 

Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Class A B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 
Equity/ 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 

Retroactive application of recapitalization (Note 1) 

Adjusted balance, beginning of period 

Reverse recapitalization, net of transaction costs (Note 1) 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

Exercise of common stock options 

Exercise of public warrants 

Stock-based compensation 

3, 694 

3, 694 
 
 Vesting of restricted stock 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Exercise of common stock options 

Exercise of public warrants 

Stock-based compensation 

Vesting of restricted stock 

Issuance of common stock in an at-the-market offering, net of issuance costs of 300 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

VICARIOUS SURGICAL INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 
(in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income/(loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to net cash used in operating 

Operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Non-cash lease expense 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities 

Deferred rent 

Other noncurrent assets 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayment of equipment loans 

Gross proceeds from issuance of common stock in an at-the-market offering 

Issuance costs related to issuance of common stock in an at-the-market offering 

Proceeds from term loan 

Repayment of term loan 

Proceeds from reverse recapitalization, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from exercise of public warrants 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

Reconciliation of restricted cash: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Leasehold improvements funded by the landlord 

Warrants assumed in acquisition 

Accruals for property, plant and equipment purchased during the period 

See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

VICARIOUS SURGICAL INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 (in thousands, except for share and per share data) 

F- 7 

Legacy Vicarious Surgical s convertible preferred stock previously classified
as mezzanine was retroactively adjusted, converted into common stock and reclassified to permanent as a result of the reverse recapitalization. 

F- 8 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 ,
respectively as collateral for letters of credit related to the Company s lease. The balance is classified as long-term on the Company s
balance sheets as the lease period ends in March 2032. 

Public Warrants that are exercisable to purchase shares of Class A common
stock to investors as well as Private Placement Warrants. All of the Company s outstanding warrants are recognized
as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrants as liabilities at fair value
and adjusts the warrant liability to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance
sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the statement of operations. The fair value of Public Warrants
was determined from their trading value on public markets. The fair value of Private Placement Warrants was calculated using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model since these instruments do not have the early redemption feature. 

F- 9 

of fixed assets with accumulated depreciation of incurring an loss on the disposal. 

F- 10 

likely to be sustained. Interest and penalties associated with uncertain
tax positions are recorded as a component of income tax expense. 

F- 11 

shares, of which were designated as Class A common stock and 
were designated as Class B common stock both having a par value of per share. 

shares of the Company s Class A common
stock, for a purchase price of per share and an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement pursuant to the Subscription
Agreements (the PIPE financing ). The PIPE financing closed simultaneously with the consummation of the Business Combination. 

F- 12 

Cash - PIPE Financing 

Less: Transaction costs and advisory fees 

Net proceeds from reverse recapitalization 

Less: Warrant liabilities assumed 

Net assets and liabilities assumed in reverse recapitalization 

Less: Redemption of D8 shares 

D8 Public Shares 

D8 Sponsor Shares 

Shares issued in PIPE financing 

Business combination and PIPE financing shares 

Legacy Vicarious Surgical shares (1) 

Total shares of common stock immediately after Business Combination 

. All fractional shares were rounded down. 

to years 

Furniture and fixed assets 
 to years 

Computer hardware and software 
 years 

Leasehold improvements 

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

in August 2022 related to leasehold improvements
funded by its landlord. These leasehold improvements are being depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or each asset s life.
The was included in leasehold improvements. 

in May 2021 related to leasehold improvements funded by its landlord. These leasehold
improvements are being depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or each asset s life. The paid to vendors by the landlord
was included in leasehold improvements. 

of fixed assets with accumulated depreciation of incurring an loss on the disposal which was included
in general and administrative expenses. 

and , respectively. 

F- 13 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities - public warrants 

Warrant liabilities - private warrants 

Total liabilities 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities - public warrants 

Warrant liabilities - private warrants 

Total liabilities 

F- 14 

Stock price 

Expected life of options 
 years 
 years 
 
 Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Exercised 

Change in value 

December 31, 2022 

Professional services and other 

Accrued expenses 

with any amounts
borrowed becoming due on April 1, 2024. 

F- 15 

. The outstanding balance of the term loan was and at December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

of the outstanding principal balance applied. 

in expenses, inclusive of the warrant expense, which were netted against the long-term portion
of the term loan proceeds. The Company amortized these costs over the life of the borrowing. In the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, and , respectively of capitalized costs were amortized to interest expense. 

shares of common stock at per share. The fair value
of the common stock warrant was per share at the grant date, and the Company recorded a total of in deferred financing costs
associated with the warrant issuances which are netted against the long-term portion of the term loan proceeds. At the time of the Company s
recapitalization, the lender elected to cashless exercise the warrants resulting in the net issuance of shares of Class A common
stock. The remaining warrants were cancelled as the Company elected not to draw down the second tranche. 

: 

Total future equipment payments 

F- 16 

. In conjunction with this, we recorded lease liabilities,
which had been discounted at our incremental borrowing rates, of . The impact of our adoption of Topic 842 on our current and deferred
income taxes was immaterial. The adoption of ASC 842 had no effect on retained earnings. 

and , respectively. 

Total lease costs 

Cash received 

Total cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities (operating cash flows) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Carrying value of lease liabilities 

F- 17 

million. On October 14, 2021, the lease
was amended to add additional space and was simultaneously extended to end on March 31, 2032. Rental payments due over the period of the
lease were amended from million to million. 

. The Company recorded this settlement by accruing to
general and administrative expense as of December 31, 2021. As the lease was terminated, the minimum lease payments that would have been
due under the agreement have been excluded from the future minimum lease payments table presented above. 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Return to Provision 

Officer s compensation 

Transaction costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Tax credits 

Change in valuation allowance 

Tax credits 

Stock based compensation 

Capitalized R D expenses 

Accruals and reserves 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

F- 18 

million and million, respectively. 

million which includes million that expire at various dates from 2034 through 2037, and million
that have an unlimited carryforward period. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of million
which includes million that expire at various dates from 2035 through 2041, and none that have an unlimited carryforward period. 

million and million respectively. 

F- 19 

shares of Class A common stock, par value;
 shares of Class B common stock, par value; and shares of preferred stock, par value of
 per share. 

Series A1 Legacy Convertible Preferred Stock, 0.0001 par value 

Series A2 Legacy Convertible Preferred Stock, 0.0001 par value 

Series A3 Legacy Convertible Preferred Stock, 0.0001 par value 

Total 

F- 20 

RSUs of Class A common stock to employees and members of the board
of directors. The RSUs vest over a -year period. The activity for common stock subject to vesting for the ended December 31,
2022 is as follows: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Balance of unvested shares - December 31, 2022 

and
 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs aggregated
 and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of December 31, 2021, the total unrecognized
stock-based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs aggregated and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
of years. The aggregate intrinsic value of the awards granted and vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was and ,
respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of the awards granted and vested during the year ended December 31, 2021 was and ,
respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 was . 

per unit, which consisted of one D8 Class A ordinary share,
 par value, and one-half of a redeemable Public Warrant. On July 17, 2020, simultaneously with the closing of its initial public
offering, D8 consummated the private placement of Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one D8 Class A ordinary
share at per share, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant. On July 24, 2020, simultaneously with the sale of D8 s
over-allotment units, D8 consummated a private sale of an additional Private Placement Warrants. In connection with the Business
Combination, additional Private Placement Warrants were issued upon conversion of D8 working capital loans. In connection with
the Business Combination, each issued and outstanding D8 Class A ordinary share automatically converted into one share of Class A common
stock. Each warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at per share. 

F- 21 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 

per share 30 days after the Closing. If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company,
the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all
applicable state securities laws. The Company filed a registration statement with the SEC that was declared effective as of October 22,
2021 covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and is maintaining a current prospectus relating
to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire, are exercised or redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. 

If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor
or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same
basis as the Public Warrants. 

F- 22 

shares of common stock for issuance under the 2014 Plan. The
Legacy Vicarious Surgical board of directors administered the 2014 Plan and determined the specific terms of the awards. The contractual
term of options granted under the 2014 Plan was years from the date of grant. In connection with the Business Combination, the Company s
stockholders voted to approve the 2021 Plan, which terminated and replaced the 2014 Plan, and options outstanding under the 2014 Plan
were converted to options outstanding under the 2021 Plan. No additional awards will be granted under the 2014 Plan and no shares remained
available for issuance pursuant to future grants under the 2014 Plan as of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

shares of Class A common stock were reserved for future equity grants under the 2021 Plan and shares
of Class A common stock were reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan upon exercise of outstanding option awards assumed by the Company
in connection with the Business Combination. On June 1, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the 2021 Plan,
which provides for the granting of up to additional shares of Class A common stock under the 2021 Plan as determined by the
Board of Directors. 

of the fair market
value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. If an incentive stock option is granted to an individual who owns more
than of the combined voting power of all classes of the Company s capital stock, the exercise price may not be less than 
of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant and the term of the option may not be longer than five
years. 

shares of common stock (either Class A or Class B) pursuant to awards granted under the 2021 Plan. The Board of Directors
administers the 2021 Plan and determines the specific terms of the awards. The contractual term of options granted under the 2021 Plan
is not more than years. The 2021 Plan will expire on April 13, 2031 or an earlier date approved by a vote of the Company s stockholders
or Board of Directors. 

F- 23 

and shares, respectively of common stock, to employees and consultants with
a fair value of and , respectively, calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

- 
 - 
 
 Expected term, in years 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 

of
total gross unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options. The costs remaining as of December 31, 2022
are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total 

shares
available for future equity grants under the 2021 Plan at December 31, 2022 . 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited, expired, or cancelled 

Options vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

F- 24 

and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of
options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value
of options outstanding at December 31, 2022 was . 

Restricted stock units outstanding 

Shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan 

Public warrants 

Private warrants 

Total shares of authorized Common Stock reserved for future issuance 

and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Denominator for basic net gain/(loss) per share: 

Weighted average shares 

Denominator for diluted net gain/(loss) per share: 

Weighted average shares 

Net income/(loss) per share of Class A and Class B common stock basic and diluted 

shares of the Company s common stock were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the exercise prices
of the stock options were greater than or equal to the average price of the common shares and were therefore anti-dilutive. 

of its workforce, predominantly in general and administrative and sales and marketing positions. No accrual
was recorded as of December 31, 2022. Total separation costs associated with this reduction in force are anticipated to be under 
and should be paid in full by the second quarter of 2023. 

F-25 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1_vicarious.htm
 CONSENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in Registration Statement No. 333-267785 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-261455, 333-261736, and 333-265562 on Form S-8
of our report dated February 14, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Vicarious Surgical Inc. appearing in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

Boston, Massachusetts 

February 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_vicarious.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 

I, Adam Sachs, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of Vicarious Surgical Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 14, 2023 

/s/ Adam Sachs 

Adam Sachs 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_vicarious.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 

I, William Kelly, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of Vicarious Surgical Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 14, 2023 

/s/ William Kelly 

William Kelly 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 f10k2022ex32_vicarious.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION
906 

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Vicarious
Surgical Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The Annual Report for the year ended December 31,
2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 14, 2023 
 /s/ Adam Sachs 

Adam Sachs 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: February 14, 2023 
 /s/ William Kelly 

William Kelly 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rbot-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rbot-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rbot-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rbot-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rbot-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

