<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1591913_0001213900-23-025263.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8258932</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>274828</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1447995</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2038146</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2254432</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2045261</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025263.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331140444
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025263
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001591913
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55648
		FILM NUMBER:		23786555

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		56B 5TH AVENUE, LOT 1 #AT
		CITY:			CARMEL BY THE SEA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93921
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(866) 477-4729

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		56B 5TH AVENUE, LOT 1 #AT
		CITY:			CARMEL BY THE SEA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93921

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QPAGOS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160615

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Asiya Pearls, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131113

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025263.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_innovativepay.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

(Mark
one) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal period ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

33 - 1230229 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.0001 par value. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the issuer: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every interactive data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately (based upon
the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock reported on June 30, 2022 of 0.032 per share). This calculation excludes
shares held by the registrant s current directors and executive officers and stockholders that the registrant has concluded are
affiliates of the registrant. 

As
of March 31, 2023, the issuer had shares of common stock outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: None 

FORM
10-K 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I. 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 

PART II. 
 22 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 25 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 31 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 32 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 32 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 32 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 32 

PART III. 
 33 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 33 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 37 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 42 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 43 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 43 

PART IV. 
 44 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 44 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 45 

SIGNATURES 
 46 

i 

PART I 

Unless
the context requires otherwise, references to we, us, our, the Company IPSI 
and Innovative Payment Solutions, refer to Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements (as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that reflect our current expectations and
views of future events. Readers are cautioned that significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors (including
those over which we may have no control and others listed in report and in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report
On Form 10-K) may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by
the forward-looking statements. You can identify some of these forward-looking statements by words or phrases such as may, 
 will, expect, anticipate, aim, estimate, intend, 
 plan, believe, is/are likely to, potential, project, continue 
or other similar expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about
future events that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. These
forward-looking statements include statements relating to: 

our
ability to implement our business plan, including our ability to launch, achieve customer downloads of and generate revenue from our
IPSIPay and Beyond Wallet digital payment solutions; 

acceptance
 by the marketplace of our products and services, notably IPSIPay and Beyond Wallet; 

our
 ability to formulate, implement and modify as necessary effective sales, marketing, and strategic initiatives to drive revenue growth; 

the
 viability of our current intellectual property and intellectual property created in the future; 

our
 ability to comply with currently applicable laws and government regulations and those that may be applicable in the future; 

our
 ability to retain key employees and third-party service providers; 

adverse
 changes in general market conditions for payment solutions such as IPSIPay and Beyond Wallet and other products and services we offer; 

our
 ability to generate cash flow and profitability and continue as a going concern; 

our
 future financing plans and ability to repay outstanding indebtedness; and 

our
 ability to adapt to changes in market conditions (including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic) which could impair our operations
 and financial performance. 

These
forward-looking statements involve numerous and significant risks and uncertainties. Although we believe that our expectations expressed
in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, our expectations may later be found to be incorrect. Our actual results of operations
or the results of other matters that we anticipate herein could be materially and adversely different from our expectations. Important
risks and factors that could cause our actual results to be materially different from our expectations are generally set forth in the
 Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
sections contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should thoroughly read this Annual Report on form 10-K with the understanding
that our actual future results may be materially different from, and worse than, what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking
statements by these cautionary statements. 

The
forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events or information as of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the
occurrence of unanticipated events. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Annual
Report will prove to be accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material.
Considering the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation
or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. We do not
undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

1 

Summary
Risk Factors 

Our
business faces significant risks and uncertainties of which investors should be aware before making a decision to invest in our common
stock. If any of the following or similar risks are realized, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected. The following is a summary of the more significant risks relating to the Company. A more detailed description
of our risk factors set forth under the caption Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We
 have had very limited operations to date with our current business model. 

We
 have generated and we will likely continue to generate, operating losses and experience negative cash flows, and it is uncertain
 whether we will achieve profitability. 

We
 have a present need for additional funding, which raises questions about our ability to continue as a going concern. We may be unable
 to raise capital when needed, which would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization
 efforts. 

We
 have not generated sufficient revenue or cash flow to pay our convertible notes, and conversion of such debt into shares of common
 stock, which could cause significant dilution. 

We
 previously identified material weaknesses in our internal controls, and we cannot provide assurances that these weaknesses will be
 effectively remediated or that additional material weaknesses will not occur in the future. 

We
 are dependent on Frictionless and other back-end providers for our technology development and infrastructure. 

The
 payment services industry is highly competitive, and many of our competitors are larger and have greater financial and other resources. 

There
 is uncertainty as to market acceptance of our technology, products and services. 

We
 may be unable to scale usage of our digital payment products. 

We
 may be unable to integrate complimentary services or features into IPSIPay, which could cause IPSIPay to decrease in popularity or
 customer usage. 

We
 are dependent on technology networks and systems to process, transmit and securely store electronic information and we could be subject
 to liability if our technology systems fail to be secure. 

Our
 focus on migrant communities generally, and significant changes or disruption in U.S.-Mexico migration patterns, could adversely
 affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
 are subject to economic risks that could impact the overall level of consumer spending. 

Our
 business will initially be geographically concentrated and could be significantly affected by any adverse change in the region in
 which we operate. 

We
 expect to be subject to extensive government regulation if we are deemed to be engaged in a regulated business or if we implement
 our cryptocurrency operations, and we are faced with the risk that new regulations applicable to our business will be enacted. 

The
 laws and regulations indirectly affecting our industry is constantly evolving and failure to comply could adversely impact our business. 

We
 may have difficulty managing our growth, which may divert resources and limit our ability to successfully expand our operations. 

We
 may not be able to complete or integrate successfully any potential future acquisitions, partnerships or joint ventures. 

Major
 bank failure or sustained financial market illiquidity, or illiquidity at our clearing, cash management and custodial financial institutions,
 could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

2 

If
 we cannot keep pace with rapid developments and change in our industry and provide new services to our clients, the use of our services
 could decline, reducing our revenues. 

Our
 systems and our third party providers systems may fail due to factors beyond our control, which could interrupt our service,
 cause us to lose business and increase our costs. 

Unauthorized
 disclosure of data, whether through cybersecurity breaches, computer viruses or otherwise, could expose us to liability, protracted
 and costly litigation and damage our reputation. 

Customer
 complaints or negative publicity about our customer service could affect attractiveness of our services adversely and, as a result,
 could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
 payment system might be used for fraudulent, illegal or improper purposes, which could expose us to additional liability and harm
 our business. 

We
 may not be able to successfully protect the intellectual property we license or own and may be subject to infringement claims. 

We
 rely on certain key personnel and in a dynamic industry like ours, the ability to attract, recruit, retain and develop qualified
 personnel is critical to our success and growth. 

There
 is currently a limited public trading market for our common stock and one may never develop. 

Because
 our common stock may be a penny stock, it may be more difficult for investors to sell shares of our common stock, and
 the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

Our
 stock price has been subject to significant volatility, and future volatility may result in our investors incurring substantial losses. 

Because
 we became public by means of a reverse merger, we and our shareholders may be faced with regulatory constraints, and we may not be
 able to attract the attention of brokerage firms. 

Our
 investors ownership will likely be diluted in the future. 

We
 do not have an independent compensation committee, which presents the risk that compensation and benefits paid to those executive
 officers who are board members and other officers may not be commensurate with its financial performance. 

3 

Item 1. Business 

Company
Overview 

We
are fintech provider of digital payment solutions and services to businesses and consumers, focusing on the needs of unbanked and underserved
communities, particularly migrant communities in the United States. We are focused on operating and developing e-wallet 
mobile applications that enable consumers to deposit cash, convert it into a digital form, and remit the funds to Mexico and other countries
quickly and securely. 

Our two initial e-wallet
applications are IPSIPay and Beyond Wallet . While Beyond Wallet is currently operational
and is an institutional business-to-business product, we consider IPSIPay to be our flagship retail customer product and is the product
we are presently dedicating most of our resources to developing and commercializing. IPSIPay was first soft launched in
December 2021, and in September 2022, we announced completion of the key integration of IPSIPay and its back-end payment processing infrastructure
through our commercial partners. This major achievement allows IPSIPay users the ability to easily transfer money and make payments through
the IPSIPay app throughout five continents for receipt at more than 215,000 payment locations. 

Our
primary sources of revenue are commissions and fees from the download and use of our digital suite of products without physical custody
of customer funds. While we began to generate some IPSIPay-related revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022, such revenues were nominal.
Our goal is to increase our revenues from active users of IPSIPay during 2023. 

2022
Business Developments 

During
2022, we continued our efforts to both improve the features and functionality of IPSIPay while also augmenting our marketing efforts
aimed at generating downloads and use of IPSIPay. In particular: 

In
 April 2022, we announced the approval from VISA for use of its debit card services as part of IPSIPay. This
 achievement provides IPSIPay users the ability to withdraw cash with minimal fees from their digital wallet using the VISA debit
 card in ATM machines. The IPSIPay VISA debit card also gives customers access to their money from a large merchant network around
 the world, providing the ability to make everyday purchases anywhere that accepts VISA cards. Simultaneously, the cards provide users
 with a bank account via Metropolitan Bank, thereby enabling a path for users to potentially establish or enhance their credit; 

In
 July 2022, we announced an exclusive endorsement agreement with television personality Mario Lopez to increase awareness regarding
 our products. The goal of this collaboration is to highlight the challenges faced by the unbanked and underserved communities in
 the United States and Latin America emphasizing how our products can help address these challenges; 

In
 August 2022, we announced a commercial relationship with DRUID, a leader in conversational artificial intelligence AI ),
 to provide various conversational AI technology to be integrated into IPSIPay. This collaboration will enable IPSIPay app users to
 conduct transactions and utilize other functions through voice command in addition to traditional touch screen interaction; 

In
 October 2022, we announced the availability of Walmart Health Virtual Care (formerly known as MeMD) on IPSIPay, providing a comprehensive
 telemedicine offering to IPSIPay users; 

In
 October 2022, we announced that since the initiation of our new marketing campaign in August 2022, we had achieved 10,000 downloads
 of our IPSIPay app. Of the 10,000 downloads, 1,200 were converted to active users with wallets, meaning the
 users have initiated at least one transaction via IPSIPay. As December 31, 2022, we had achieved 31,004 downloads of IPSIPay,
 and of the 31,004 downloads, 2,686 have been converted to active users with wallets; and 

In
 January 2023, we announced that (i) we initiated e-commerce collaborations that will grant IPSIPay users with access to providers
 like Best Buy and Groupon and (ii) we are working with our technology partners on IPSIPay 2.0 . This new
 and upgraded app with the latest technological advances should be released in the second quarter of 2023. We also expect to announce
 during 2023 the addition of check capture, allowing IPSIPay users the ability to take a picture of their paycheck and have it immediately
 deposited into their IPSIPay wallet. 

4 

We
are also creating an ecosystem that enables our business-to-business and business-to-consumer customers to move money, retain customers,
and offer the cost savings, convenience and instant settlement that is associated with digital payments. In another new development,
during the first quarter of 2023, we expect to file an application with the Government of Mexico for our Mexican MTO (money transmitting
organization) which, if approved, will allow us to capture exchange rates, issue Visa and Mastercard debit cards and provide our services
as an agent to companies in the U.S. looking to reach millions of customers in Mexico. Our Mexican MTO will also have the ability to
move money in Mexico for Mexicans sending money to family and friends within the country. We believe our Mexican MTO will give us tremendous
leverage in pricing our remittances to Mexico and better margins in sending money to Mexico. 

Our
Strategy and Market 

We
offer simple digital e-wallet and digital payment solutions. As a California-based fintech company, our initial launch efforts for IPSIPay
and Beyond Wallet has been focused on the Central Valley region in California, which is the largest agricultural belt in the U.S. Our
applications (which can be used both business-to-business and business-to-consumer) will facilitate the transfer of funds in digital
form to other countries, initially Mexico but also, India and the Philippines, primarily from hand-held devices as well as on desktop
or laptop computers. Our launch plan for IPSIPay and Beyond Wallet is to target lower income, migrant communities in California (notably
in the agriculture industry), and expanding to other states with large migrant populations such as Texas and Florida. 

We
believe the money remittance business is changing after 50 years of an industry controlled by a very small number of large corporations.
According to publicly available data from Statista, total global remittance payments are estimated to reach over 750 billion in 2023,
and for the first time digital payments are estimated to exceed non-digital payments in 2023. We believe we are positioned to take advantage
of this sea change with our applications while also emphasizing our humanitarian theme by focusing on the unbanked and underserved. Our
ability to capture even a fraction of this massive global market represents our largest value proposition. 

Our
Apps and Business Model 

Our
primary sources of revenue (which have been nominal to date) are commissions and fees from the use of our digital suite of products without
physical custody of customer funds. Our fully functional apps (which are available for download on Apple s App Store, and the Google
Play Store include the ability to use an e-wallet, Visa debit cards, bill payment platform, e-commerce and the ability to buy gold and
silver. Our novel platforms allow us to incorporate stringent compliance features (including
KYC (know your customer) and AML (anti-money laundering)) for onboarding of customers. This has enabled us to partner during 2022 with
key third parties that drive the core functionality of our apps and has also allowed us to begin to expand our product offerings beyond
money remittance into exciting other verticals. We expanded the functionality of IPSIPay in October 2022 when we announced
the availability of Walmart Health Virtual Care (formerly known as MeMD), a comprehensive telemedicine offering, on IPSIPay. We believe
we have the ability and technology to add micro-loans as well as payroll services to our apps in the future. 

We
are also committed to exploring the use of the KYC and AML-focused technology at the core of our apps to be used in other verticals such
as the large and growing mobile gaming industry. 

In
addition to these revenue generators, we intend on releasing our BeyondAgro software to enable growers to improve
business management and management of contract employees, particularly migrant workers. This will be offered as a monthly fee-based SaaS
platform. 

Our
revenue will include fees derived from the use of debit cards, ATM fees, merchant processing fees, money transfer fees, commissions on
international bill payments and, in the future micro-loans. 

Marketing 

We
are focusing our initial marketing efforts on the unbanked and underserved labor markets, initially focusing on the Californian agriculture
industry to acquire customers for our IPSIPay and Beyond Wallet apps. We will use direct social media marketing strategies to the business
to consumer market. We will also employ our paid marketing campaign with television personality Mario Lopez. We have also utilized financial
promotional strategies to encourage downloads and use of IPSIPay, which has reduced our ability to generate revenues in the near term
while such strategies are in effect. 

5 

Competition 

The
payment service business is highly competitive and continued growth depends on our ability to compete effectively. Companies like Western
Union, Money Gram, Paypal, and Venmo, dominate the money remittance business, and most of our competitors have far greater sources of
financing, greater name recognition and have been engaged in the industry longer than we have. We believe, however that the differentiator
with the IPSIPay and Beyond Wallet apps is our ability to provide the unbanked and under-served the ability to transact without the use
of a traditional bank account, with greater convenience, lower costs and instant settlement, and with free wallet-to-wallet transfers,
and the ability to upload funds onto Visa debit cards across borders. We believe the design of our apps will be highly attractive to
our initial target communities, thus allowing our product to compete effectively. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
rely on a combination of contractual rights (notably through our commercial relationship with Frictionless
Financial Technologies, Inc. Frictionless )) , copyright, trademark and trade secret
laws to establish and protect our technology and the technology that we license and/or that we may develop in the future. We presently
have three trademark applications on file and under review, and our 51 subsidiary Beyond Fintech has an additional three trademark applications
on file and under review. 

Government
and Environmental Regulation and Laws 

We
act as a facilitator between consumers and finance product providers, and therefore operate in a highly regulated industry. While we
do not believe that our core business as a facilitator presently is subject to significant government regulation our finance product
providers are subject to a variety of regulations aimed at preventing money laundering and financing criminal activity and terrorism,
financial services regulations, payment services regulations, consumer protection laws, currency control regulations, advertising laws
and privacy and data protection laws and therefore may expect to experience periodic investigations by various regulatory authorities
in connection with the same, which may sometimes result in monetary or other sanctions being imposed upon them. Many of these laws and
regulations are constantly evolving and are often unclear and inconsistent with other applicable laws and regulations, making compliance
challenging, and may indirectly increase our operating costs and legal risks (or directly should it be determined that our business model
is or becomes subject to more extensive regulation). Any violations of any of the foregoing or similar laws, rules or regulations could
adversely affect our ability to maintain IPSIPay and Beyond Wallet, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and
financial condition. 

Human
Capital/Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 3 full time employees, including our Chief Executive Officer and our President and Chief Financial
Officer and 2 part-time employees or consultants. None of our employees are represented by a labor
union, and we consider our employee relations to be good. 

Our
Corporate History and Background 

We
were incorporated on September 25, 2013 under the laws of the State of Nevada originally under the name Asiya Pearls, Inc.
On May 27, 2016, Asiya Pearls, Inc. filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to change its name from
Asiya Pearls, Inc. to QPAGOS. 

On
May 12, 2016, we (at that time, under the name QPAGOS), entered into the Merger Agreement with Qpagos Corporation, and Merger Sub. Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, on May 12, 2016, the merger was consummated, and Qpagos Corporation and Merger Sub merged, with Qpagos Corporation
continuing as the surviving corporation of the Merger. 

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, upon consummation of the Merger, each share of Qpagos Corporation s capital stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Merger was converted into the right to receive two shares of our Common Stock. Additionally, pursuant to the
Merger Agreement, upon consummation of the Merger, we assumed all of Qpagos Corporation s warrants issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Merger, which were exercisable for approximately 621,920 shares of Common Stock, respectively, as of the date of the Merger.
Prior to and as a condition to the closing of the Merger, the then-current stockholder of 500,000 shares of Common Stock agreed to return
to us 497,500 shares of Common Stock held by such holder and the then-current stockholder retained an aggregate of 2,500 shares of Common
Stock and the other stockholders retained 500,000 shares of Common Stock. Therefore, immediately following the Merger, Qpagos Corporation s
former stockholders held 4,992,900 shares of Common Stock which represented approximately 91 of the then outstanding Common Stock. 

6 

The
Merger was treated as a reverse acquisition of our company, which was then a public shell company, for financial accounting and reporting
purposes. As such, Qpagos Corporation was treated as the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes while IPSI was treated
as the acquired entity for accounting and financial reporting purposes. 

Qpagos
Corporation was incorporated on May 1, 2015 under the laws of the state of Delaware to effectuate a reverse merger transaction with Qpagos
Mexico and Redpag. Each of the entities were incorporated in November 2013 in Mexico. 

Qpagos
Mexico was formed to process payment transactions for service providers it contracts with, and Redpag was formed to deploy and operate
kiosks as a distributor. 

On June 1, 2016, our
Board of Directors changed our fiscal year end from October 31 to December 31. 

On November 1, 2019, we changed our
name from QPAGOS to Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. Additionally, and immediately following the name change, we filed a Certificate
of Change with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to affect the Reverse Stock Split. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split,
each ten pre-split shares of Common Stock outstanding automatically combined into one new share of Common Stock without any further action
on the part of the holders, and the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reduced from 320,477,867 shares to 32,047,817 after
rounding for fractional shares. 

On
December 31, 2019, we consummated the disposal of Qpagos Corporation, Qpagos Mexico and Redpag in exchange for 2,250,000 Vivi Shares
of common stock of Vivi Holdings pursuant to the SPA dated August 5, 2019. Of the 2,250,000 shares of Vivi, nine percent (9 was allocated
as follows: Gaston Pereira (5 ), Andrey Novikov (2.5 ), and Joseph Abrams (1.5 ). The SPA closed on December 31, 2019 after the satisfaction
of customary conditions, the receipt of a final fairness opinion and the approval of our shareholders. As a result of this transaction,
we no longer have any Mexican subsidiaries. 

Pursuant to a Stock Purchase
Agreement dated June 22, 2021 (the Frictionless SPA , we acquired a 10 common stock interest in Frictionless. Frictionless
agreed to deliver to us, a live, fully compliant financial payment Software as a Service solution for use by us as a digital payment platform
that enables payments within the United States and abroad, including Mexico, together with a service agreement providing a full suite
of product services to facilitate our anticipated product offerings. Under the terms of the Frictionless SPA, we were granted irrevocable
rights to (i) participate up to fifty percent (50 in future financings of Frictionless and (ii) acquire up to an additional 41 
of the outstanding common stock of Frictionless at a purchase price of 300,000 for each 1 acquired. Further, p ursuant
to the Frictionless SPA, we agreed to issue to Frictionless or its designees a non-restricted, non-dilutable, five year warrant to
purchase 30,000,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.15 per share based on the delivery of the financial
payment software in accordance with the SPA. On December 30, 2022, we issued a warrant to Frictionless in satisfaction of this obligation.
Due to the pricing of financings undertaken by us between the date of the Frictionless SPA and the date the warrant was granted, the exercise
price of the warrant was set upon issuance at 0.0115 per share. Further, the warrant issued to Frictionless was for restricted shares
of common stock and the non-dilutable provision was omitted. 

On
August 26, 2021, we formed a new subsidiary, Beyond Fintech to acquire a product known as Beyond Wallet from a third party, together
with the logo, use of name and implementation of the product into our technology. We own 51 of Beyond Fintech with the other 49 
owned by Frictionless. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
principal offices are located at 56B 5th Street, Lot 1, #AT, Carmel by the Sea, CA, 93921, and our telephone number at that office is
(866) 477-4729. Our website address is www.ipsipay.com. Information contained in our website does not form part of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and is intended for informational purposes only. 

Available
Information 

We
have included our website address as a factual reference and do not intend it to be an active link to our website. We make available
on our website, www.ipsipay.com, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and
amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. These reports are available free
of charge through the investor relations page of our internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are filed
with the SEC. 

7 

Item 1A. Risk
Factors 

Risks
Relating to our Company 

We
have had very limited operations to date with our current business model. 

We
only began developing our current business December 2019, when we sold our Mexican subsidiaries and began to focus solely on application-based
payment solutions, as opposed to our prior business plan which was based on payments via physical kiosks. Moreover, COVID-19 resulted
in significant delays in the development and commercial launch of IPSIPay and Beyond Wallet, and we only achieved full commercial availability
of our flagship offering IPSIPay in September 2022. As such, we have a very limited operating history in our current business model,
which makes it difficult to evaluate both our operating history and our future potential. We have yet to demonstrate our ability to overcome
the risks frequently encountered in start-up companies, including in the payment services industry in the United States,
and are still subject to many of the risks common to early stage companies, including the uncertainty as to our ability to implement
our business plan, market acceptance of our proposed business and services, under-capitalization, cash shortages, limitations with respect
to personnel, financing and other resources and uncertainty of our ability to generate revenues. There is therefore a significant risk
that our activities will not result in any material revenues or profit, and the likelihood of our business viability and long term prospects
must be considered in light of the stage of our development. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fulfill our stated business
strategy and plans, or that financial, technological, market, or other limitations may force us to modify, alter, significantly delay,
or significantly impede the implementation of such plans. We have insufficient results of operations in our current business model for
investors to use to identify historical trends. Investors should consider our prospects considering the risk, expenses and difficulties
we will encounter as an early-stage company. Our revenue and income potential is unproven and our business model is continually evolving.
We are subject to the risks inherent to the operation of a new business enterprise and cannot assure you that we will be able to address
these risks, and our inability to address these risks could lead to the failure of our business. 

We
have generated and we will likely continue to generate, operating losses and experience negative cash flows, and it is uncertain whether
we will ever generate predictable revenues or achieve positive cash flows or profitability. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred a net loss of 10,331,424 and 14,494,915, respectively. We have an accumulated deficit of 52,399,858
through December 31, 2022. We expect to continue to incur operating losses until such time, if ever, as we are able to achieve sufficient
levels of revenue from operations. There can be no assurance that we will ever generate significant sales or achieve profitability. Accordingly,
the extent of future losses and the time required to achieve profitability, if ever, cannot be predicted. 

We
also expect to experience negative cash flows for the foreseeable future as we fund our operating losses. Although we believe our existing
cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient for the near term, if in the long term we do not generate significant revenues or raise
additional financing in order to achieve and maintain profitability. We may not be able to generate these revenues or achieve profitability
in the future. Our failure to achieve or maintain profitability would likely negatively impact the value of our securities and financing
activities. 

8 

We
have a present need for additional funding, which raises questions about our ability to continue as a going concern. We may be unable
to raise capital when needed, which would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization
efforts, or could cause our business to fail. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 374,765. We believe that based on our current operating plan, our existing
cash and cash equivalents (which (which were increased via a private placement in February 2023 through which we raised 535,000) was
will only be sufficient to enable us to fund our operations and our debt and other obligations for a very limited period. See Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources below. This raises
questions about our ability to continue as a going concern. Moreover, we have significant indebtedness due in December 2023, and thus
we will need significant additional funds to repay our debt, fund our working capital, and fully implement our business plan as we seek
to achieve revenues, positive cash flow and profitability. There is a material risk that we will be unable to generate sufficient revenues
to pay our expenses, and if our existing sources of cash and cash flows are insufficient to fund our activities, we will need to raise
additional funds. Additional equity or debt financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, particularly in the current
economic environment. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more
of our new products in development. 

Until
such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we will be required to finance our cash needs through public or
private equity offerings, debt financings and corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements. If we raise additional funds by issuing
equity securities, our stockholders may experience dilution. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants
limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring
dividends. Any debt financing or additional equity that we may raise may contain terms, such as liquidation and other preferences, that
are not favorable to us or our stockholders. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third
parties, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses
on terms that may not be favorable to us. 

If
we are unable to generate cash flow positive operations or achieve profitability, and if we are unable to raise additional funds on commercially
reasonable terms or at all, we may be required to significantly reduce or cease our operations, or our business could fail, which could
result in the loss to investors of their investment in our securities. 

We
have not generated sufficient revenue or cash flow to pay our convertible notes, and conversion of such debt into shares of common stock,
which would cause significant dilution. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding convertible notes owed to two institutional investors in the aggregate principal amount of approximately
 2.26 million which has a currently maturity date of December 30, 2023. To date, we have not generated sufficient revenue or cash flows
to pay the balances owed under these notes and provide sufficient working capital to run our business. The outstanding principal amount
of the notes is convertible at any time into shares of our common stock at 0.0115 per share. In addition, upon the occurrence and during
the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the notes), the notes each will become immediately due and payable and we have
agreed to pay additional default interest rates. We may not have sufficient cash resources or access to funding to repay such notes.
Moreover, upon conversion of these notes, our current shareholders will suffer dilution, which given the current conversion price of
the notes would be significant. 

Servicing
our debt requires a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate sufficient cash to service our debt depends on many factors beyond
our control. 

Our
ability to make payments on and to refinance our debt, to fund planned capital expenditures and to maintain sufficient working capital
depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive,
legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient
cash flow from operations or from other sources in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our debt or to fund our other liquidity
needs. If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to allow us to make scheduled payments on our debt, we may need to seek
additional capital or restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt on or before the maturity thereof, any of which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
refinance any of our debt on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that the terms of that debt will allow any of the above alternative
measures or that these measures would satisfy our scheduled debt service obligations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow
to repay or refinance our debt on favorable terms, it could significantly adversely affect our financial condition and the value of our
outstanding debt. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial
condition. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which
could further restrict our business operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any financing when needed. 

9 

Covenant
restrictions under our indebtedness may limit our ability to operate our business. 

Our
outstanding convertible notes contain, and our future indebtedness agreements may contain covenants that restrict our ability to finance
future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities. The Notes restrict our ability to: 

incur,
assume or guarantee or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money of any kind, including, but not limited to, a guarantee, on
or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom
other than Permitted Indebtedness (as defined in the notes); 

repurchase
capital stock; 

repay
any Indebtedness (as defined in the notes) other than certain secured notes which are no longer outstanding or Permitted Indebtedness
or make other restricted payments including, without limitation, paying dividends and making investments; 

create
liens; 

sell
or otherwise dispose of assets; and 

enter
into transactions with affiliates. 

In
addition, the notes contain price protection anti-dilution provisions that will discourage financing at prices below the conversion price
of the notes and will result in a decrease in the conversion price of the notes if we should issue securities below such price. 

We
previously have identified material weaknesses in our internal controls, and we cannot provide assurances that these weaknesses will
be effectively remediated or that additional material weaknesses will not occur in the future. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as defined in Rule
13a- 15(f) under the Exchange Act. In connection with our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, we identified
material weaknesses in our internal controls which included (i) insufficient segregation of duties and oversight of work performed in
our accounting and finance function due to limited personnel with the appropriate skill sets and (ii) lack of written policies and procedures
to address all material transactions and developments impacting our financial statements. However, given the small size of our company
and the current state of our business, we are faced with the risk that we may not always be able to detect errors or omissions in our
financial reporting and we face internal control weaknesses in the future. If we fail to comply with the rules under Sarbanes-Oxley related
to disclosure controls and procedures in the future, or, if we experience material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal
control and accounting procedures and disclosure controls and procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital
could be more difficult. If new material weaknesses or significant deficiencies are discovered or if we otherwise fail to address the
adequacy of our internal control and disclosure controls and procedures from time to time, our business may be harmed. Moreover, effective
internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to helping prevent financial fraud. If
we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose
confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our securities could drop significantly. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
are dependent on Frictionless and other back-end providers for our technology development and infrastructure. 

In
June 2021, we entered into an investment and services collaboration with Frictionless under which Frictionless agreed to deliver to us
a live, fully compliant financial payment software as a service solution for use by us as a digital payment platform (which became IPSIPay)
that enables payments within the United States and abroad, including Mexico, together with a full suite of product services to facilitate
our anticipated product offerings. Frictionless was and remains critical in the development of IPSIPay, and currently, we remain dependent
on Frictionless and its contracted back-end providers for the execution of the technological aspects of IPSIPay. If Frictionless or such
other technology providers are unable to perform the important functions they manage for us, or if we were to lose our commercial relationship
Frictionless or such other technology collaborators, our ability to offer IPSIPay, and thus our business and results of operations, would
suffer greatly. 

10 

The
payment services industry is highly competitive, and many of our competitors are larger and have greater financial and other resources. 

The
payment services industry is highly competitive, and our continued growth depends on our ability to compete effectively with both traditional
and non-traditional payment service providers. We currently expect to face competition from a variety of financial and non-financial
business groups which include retail banks, non-traditional payment service providers which provide mobile top-up services, and mobile
network operators, traditional kiosk and terminal operators, electronic payment system operators, as well as other companies that provide
various forms of payment services, including electronic payment and payment processing services. Competitors in our industry seek to
differentiate themselves by features and functionalities such as speed, convenience, network size, accessibility, hours of operation,
reliability and price. A significant number of these competitors have greater financial, technological and marketing resources than we
have, and operate robust networks and are highly regarded by consumers. 

There
is uncertainty as to market acceptance of our technology, products and services. 

We
have conducted our own research into the markets for our technology, products and services; however, because we are a new entrant into
the market, there is a risk that the market will not accept our technology, products and services. Further, we have limited information
on which to estimate our anticipated level of sales. Our products and services require consumers and service providers to adopt our technology.
Our industry is susceptible to rapid technological developments and there can be no assurance that we will be able to match any new technological
advances. If we are unable to match the technological changes in the needs of our customers, the demand for our products will be reduced
and our ability to generate revenue could be adversely impacted. 

We
may be unable to scale usage of our digital payment products. 

We
have developed and launched digital payment products, including, IPSIPay and Beyond Wallet. It was only recently (in September 2022)
that we completed the key integration of our IPSIPay mobile application and back-end payment processing infrastructure through its commercial
partners, and our efforts are now focused on increasing the number of IPSIPay downloads. No assurance can be given that we will be able
to achieve commercial success these products as and when planned. Moreover, the growth of the digital payments industry in general is
subject to a high degree of uncertainty, and the slowing or stopping of the development or acceptance of developing protocols may occur
unpredictably. This would have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and the viability of our current business model. 

We
may be unable to integrate complimentary services or features into IPSIPay, which could cause IPSIPay to decrease in popularity or customer
usage. 

As
part of our development of IPSIPay, we are endeavoring to integrate into IPSIPay new services and capabilities, such as conversational
AI technology through Druid and the Walmart Virtual Healthcare telemedicine service. We may be unable to technologically establish or
maintain the capabilities of these offerings, and even if we are able to do so, these offerings may not increase customer interest in
IPSIPay, which could harm our business, our ability to generate revenues and results of operations. 

We
are dependent on technology networks and systems to process, transmit and securely store electronic information and we could be subject
to liability if our technology systems fail to be secure. 

We
could be held liable for damages or our reputation could suffer from security breaches or disclosure of confidential information or personal
data. Through Frictionless and other service providers, we are dependent on technology networks and systems to process, transmit and
securely store electronic information and to communicate with our kiosks, with our partners and with our customers. Security breaches
of this infrastructure could lead to shutdowns or disruptions of our systems and potential loss or unauthorized disclosure of confidential
information or data, including personal data. The theft and/or unauthorized use or publication of our, or our customers , confidential
information or other proprietary business information as a result of such an incident could adversely affect our competitive position
and reduce marketplace acceptance of our services. Any failure in the networks or computer systems used by us or our customers could
result in a claim for substantial damages against us and significant reputational harm, regardless of our responsibility for the failure.
In addition, through Frictionless and other service providers, we have access to or are required to manage, utilize, collect and store
sensitive or confidential customer or employee data, including personal data. As a result, we are subject to numerous U.S. and non-U.S.
laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as various U.S. federal and state laws governing the protection of personal
data. If any person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches controls or procedures with which
we are responsible for complying with respect to such data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, or if unauthorized
access to or disclosure of data in our possession or control occurs, we could be subject to liability and penalties in connection with
any violation of applicable privacy laws and/or criminal prosecution, as well as significant liability to our customers or our customers 
clients for breaching contractual confidentiality and security provisions or privacy laws. The loss or unauthorized disclosure
of sensitive or confidential customer or employee data, including personal data, whether through breach of computer systems, systems
failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, or otherwise, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers. Similarly,
unauthorized access to or through our information systems and networks or those we develop or manage for our customers, whether by our
employees or third parties, could result in negative publicity, legal liability and damage to our reputation, which could in turn harm
our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

11 

Our
focus on migrant communities generally, and significant changes or disruption in U.S.-Mexico migration patterns, could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations . 

We
are targeting the unbanked and underserved migrant communities as initial users of IPSIPay. Our money transfer business therefore relies
to a large extent on international migration patterns, particularly between the U.S. and Mexico, as individuals move from their native
countries to countries with greater economic opportunities or a more stable political environment. A significant portion of money transfer
transactions are initiated by immigrants or refugees sending money back to their native countries, particularly Mexico. Immigration has
become a very contentious political topic in recent years, and changes in immigration laws or policies that discourage migration and
political or other events (such as war, trade wars, terrorism or health emergencies including but not limited to the COVID-19 pandemic)
that make it more difficult for individuals to migrate to or work in the U.S. could adversely affect our money transfer remittance volume
or growth rate. Additionally, sustained weakness in global economic conditions could reduce economic opportunities for migrant workers
and result in reduced or disrupted international migration patterns. Reduced or disrupted international migration patterns, particularly
in the U.S. or Europe, are likely to reduce money transfer transaction volumes and therefore have an adverse effect on our business.
Finally, since we are targeting migrant communities, and since immigration has become such a contentious topic, our reputation in the
marketplace (including the financial markets) could be harmed, which could adversely affect our business. 

We
are subject to economic risks that could impact the overall level of consumer spending. 

The
payment services industry depends heavily on the overall level of consumer spending. We are exposed to general economic conditions that
affect consumer confidence, consumer spending, consumer discretionary income or changes in consumer purchasing habits. Economic factors
such as employment levels, business conditions, energy and fuel costs, interest rates, and inflation rate could reduce consumer spending
or change consumer purchasing habits. A reduction in the amount of consumer spending could result in a decrease in our prospects for
revenue and profits. If users of our products and services spend or remit less money per transaction, we will have fewer transactions
to process at lower amounts, resulting in lower revenue. As we are targeting the migrant communities in the United States, weakening
in the Mexican economy could have a negative impact on users of IPSIPay which could, in turn, negatively impact our business, financial
condition and results of operations, particularly if the recessionary environment disproportionately affects some of the market segments
that represent a larger portion of our payment processing volume. 

If
consumer confidence in our business deteriorates, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our
business is built on consumers confidence in our brands, as well as our ability to provide fast, reliable payment services. As
a consumer business, the strength of our brand and reputation are of paramount importance to us. Several factors could adversely affect
consumer confidence in our brand, many of which are beyond our control, and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
These factors include: 

any
regulatory action or investigation against us; 

any
significant interruption to our systems and operations; and 

any
breach of our security systems or any compromises of consumer data. 

Our
business will initially be geographically concentrated and could be significantly affected by any adverse change in the region in which
we operate. 

Initially
our business will be concentrated in states such as California and later Texas and Florida, which have high migrant populations. We plan
to derive a large portion of our revenues in the coming years from these migrant states and customers in these migrant states. Therefore,
our business is exposed to adverse regulatory and competitive changes, economic downturns and changes in political conditions in these
migrant states. For example, in 2022, the governors of Florida and Texas have begun transporting persons who allegedly engaged in illegal
immigration to other states, and policies such as these have increased the national focus on immigration, in many instances negatively.
Such activities could discourage migration, which could cause our products and services to be less desirable. Moreover, due to the concentration
of our businesses in migrant states, our business is less diversified and, accordingly, is subject to regional risks, including inclement
weather, power outages, labor shortages, and state and local laws, rules and regulations. 

12 

We
expect to be subject to extensive government regulation if we are deemed to be engaged in a regulated business or if we implement our
cryptocurrency operations, and we are faced with the risk that new regulations applicable to our business will be enacted. 

Currently,
we are indirectly impacted by government regulation, however, we may be directly subject to a variety of regulations aimed at preventing
money laundering and financing criminal activity and terrorism, financial services regulations, payment services regulations, consumer
protection laws, currency control regulations, advertising laws and privacy and data protection laws which may sometimes result in monetary
or other sanctions being imposed on our financial service providers or us. Many of these laws and regulations are constantly evolving
and are often unclear and inconsistent with other applicable laws and regulations, making compliance challenging and could directly or
indirectly increase our related operating costs and legal risks. In particular, there has been increased public attention and heightened
legislation and regulations regarding money laundering and terrorist financing. Our financial service providers or us may be required
make significant judgment calls in applying anti-money laundering legislation and risk being found in non-compliance with such laws,
which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

The
regulatory regime governing digital assets and offerings of digital assets is evolving and uncertain, and new regulations or policies
may materially adversely affect our development. 

We
may incorporate digital assets, including cryptocurrencies, as part of our product offerings. The regulatory regime governing digital
assets is uncertain and rapidly evolving, and new regulations or policies may materially adversely affect the development and the value
of our company. Regulation of digital assets is currently undeveloped and likely to rapidly evolve as government agencies take greater
interest in them. Regulation also varies significantly among international, federal, state and local jurisdictions and is subject to
significant uncertainty. Various legislative and executive bodies in the United States and in other countries may in the future adopt
laws, regulations, or guidance, or take other actions, which may severely impact the digital assets market. In addition, any violations
of laws and regulations relating to the safeguarding of private information in connection with e-Wallets could subject us to fines, penalties
or other regulatory actions, as well as to civil actions by affected parties. Any such violations could adversely affect our ability
to maintain e-Wallets, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. Failure by us to comply
with any laws, rules and regulations, some of which may not exist yet or are subject to interpretation and may be subject to change,
could result in a variety of adverse consequences, including civil penalties and fines. 

The
laws and regulations indirectly affecting our industry are constantly evolving and failure to comply adversely impact our business. 

Our
business is indirectly subject to a wide range and increasing number of laws and regulations, as described below. Liabilities or loss
of business resulting from a failure by us, our agents or their subagents to comply with laws and regulations and regulatory or judicial
interpretations thereof, including laws and regulations designed to protect consumers, or detect and prevent money laundering, terrorist
financing, fraud and other illicit activity, and increased costs or loss of business associated with compliance with those laws and regulations
has had and we expect will continue to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
Our services are subject to increasingly strict legal and regulatory requirements, including those intended to help detect and prevent
money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, and other illicit activity. The interpretation of those requirements by judges, regulatory
bodies and enforcement agencies may change quickly and with little notice. Additionally, these requirements or their interpretations
in one jurisdiction may conflict with those of another jurisdiction. As United States federal and state as well as foreign legislative
and regulatory scrutiny and enforcement action in these areas increase, we expect that our costs of complying with these requirements
could continue to increase, perhaps substantially, and may make it more difficult or less desirable for consumers and others to use our
services or for us to contract with certain intermediaries, either of which would have an adverse effect on our revenue and operating
income. For example, we have made additional investments in our compliance programs based on the rapidly evolving and increasingly complex
global regulatory and enforcement environment and our internal reviews. These additional investments relate to enhancing our compliance
capabilities, including our consumer protection efforts. Further, failure by us or partners and service providers to comply with any
of these requirements or their interpretation could result in the suspension or revocation of a license or registration required to provide
money transfer, payment or foreign exchange services, the limitation, suspension or termination of services, changes to our business
model, loss of consumer confidence, the seizure of our assets, and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including fines
and restrictions on our ability to offer services. We are subject to numerous regulations such as those imposed by the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act (the FCPA in the United States and similar laws in other countries, which generally prohibit companies and
those acting on their behalf from making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining
business. Some of these laws, such as the Bribery Act, also prohibit improper payments between commercial enterprises. Because our services
are offered in other countries, we face significant risks associated with our obligations under the FCPA and other national anti-corruption
laws. Any determination that we have violated these laws could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations, and cash flows. Our United States business is subject to reporting, recordkeeping and anti-money laundering provisions of
the federal Bank Secrecy Act and could be subject to regulatory oversight and enforcement by U.S. Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
(FinCEN). 

13 

The
remittance and digital payments industry has come under increasing scrutiny from government regulators and others in connection with
its ability to prevent its services from being abused by people seeking to defraud others. Our failure to continue to help prevent frauds
and increased costs related to the implementation of enhanced anti-fraud measures, or a change in fraud prevention laws or their interpretation
or the manner in which they are enforced has had and could in the future have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows. 

Further,
any determination that our partners have violated laws and regulations could seriously damage our reputation and brands, resulting in
diminished revenue and profit and increased operating costs. In some cases, we could be liable for the failure of our partners to comply
with laws which also could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The regulations
implementing the remittance provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act also impose responsibility on us for any related compliance failures of
our partners. 

The
requirements under the U.S. Dodd-Frank Act, the European Revised Payment Services Directive and similar legislation enacted or proposed
in other countries have resulted and will likely continue to result in increased compliance costs, and in the event we or our agents
are unable to comply, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Additional
countries may adopt similar legislation. 

We
may have difficulty managing our growth, which may divert resources and limit our ability to successfully expand our operations. 

Our
implementation of our business plan and current or future strategic initiatives will place significant demands on our operations and
management. Our future success will depend on the ability of our officers and other key employees to continue to implement and improve
our operational, credit, financial, management and other internal risk controls and processes, along with our reporting systems and procedures,
as the number and geographical scope of our customer and vendor relationships continue to expand. We may be unable to implement improvements
to our management information and control systems and control procedures and processes in an efficient or timely manner, and we may discover
additional deficiencies in existing systems and controls. In particular, our controls and procedures must be able to accommodate our
expected increase in revenue. Our growth strategy may require us to incur additional expenditures to expand our administrative and operational
infrastructure. If we are unable to manage future expansion in our operations, we may experience compliance and operational problems,
have to slow the pace of growth or have to incur additional expenditures beyond current projections to support such growth, any one of
which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may be unable to increase the volume of sales at acceptable risk
levels, expand our customer base and manage the costs and implementation risks associated with our growth strategy. We also cannot provide
you with any assurance that our further expansion will be profitable, that we will be able to maintain any specific level of growth,
if any, that we will be able to maintain capital sufficient to support our continued growth or that we will be able to adequately and
profitably manage that growth. 

We
may not be able to complete or integrate successfully any potential future acquisitions, partnerships or joint ventures. 

We
have implemented joint ventures and commercial partnerships as part of our business, and from time-to-time, we may evaluate possible
acquisition transactions, partnerships or joint ventures, some of which may be material. Potential future acquisitions, partnerships
and joint ventures may pose significant risks to our existing operations if they cannot be successfully integrated. These projects would
place additional demands on our managerial, operational, financial and other resources, create operational complexity requiring additional
personnel and other resources and require enhanced control procedures. In addition, we may not be able to successfully finance or integrate
any businesses, services or technologies that we acquire or with which we form a partnership or joint venture. Furthermore, the integration
of any acquisition may divert management s time and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations. Moreover, even
if we were successful in integrating newly acquired assets, expected synergies or cost savings may not materialize, resulting in lower
than expected benefits to us from such transactions. We may spend time and money on projects that do not increase our revenue. Additionally,
when making acquisitions it may not be possible for us to conduct a detailed investigation of the nature of the assets being acquired
due to, for instance, time constraints in making the decision and other factors. We may become responsible for additional liabilities
or obligations not foreseen at the time of an acquisition. In addition, in connection with any acquisitions, we must comply with various
antitrust requirements. It is possible that perceived or actual violations of these requirements could give rise to regulatory enforcement
action or result in us not receiving all necessary approvals in order to complete a desired acquisition. To the extent we pay the purchase
price of any acquisition in cash, it would reduce our cash reserves, and to the extent the purchase price is paid with our stock, it
could be dilutive to our stockholders. To the extent we pay the purchase price with proceeds from the incurrence of debt, it would increase
our level of indebtedness and could negatively affect our liquidity and restrict our operations. All of the above risks could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 

14 

We
are subject to the discretion of administrative enforcement agencies . 

In
certain cases, regulations may provide administrative discretion regarding enforcement, and regulations may be applied inconsistently
across the industry, resulting in increased costs for the Company that may not be incurred by competitors. Changes in laws, regulations
or other industry practices and standards, or interpretations of legal or regulatory requirements, may reduce the market for or value
of our products or services or render our products or services less profitable or obsolete. For example, policymakers may impose heightened
customer due diligence requirements or other restrictions, fees or taxes on remittances. Changes in the laws affecting the kinds of entities
that are permitted to act as money transfer agents (such as changes in requirements for capitalization or ownership) could adversely
affect our ability to distribute certain services and the costs of providing those services. 

Major
bank failure or sustained financial market illiquidity, or illiquidity at our clearing, cash management and custodial financial institutions,
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
face certain risks in the event of a sustained deterioration of financial market liquidity, as well as in the event of sustained deterioration in
the liquidity, or failure, of our clearing, cash management and custodial financial institutions. In particular, in the event of a major
bank or credit card failure, we could be unable to process transactions via our mobile applications: In such a case, or if financial
liquidity deteriorates for other reasons, our ability to operate our business and our financial condition and results of operations could
be significantly harmed. 

As
our business develops, we will need to implement enhanced compliance processes, procedures and controls with respect to the rules and
regulations that apply to our business. 

Our
success requires significant public confidence in our ability to handle large and growing payment volumes and amounts of consumer funds,
as well as comply with applicable regulatory requirements. Any failure to manage consumer funds or to comply with applicable regulatory
requirements could result in the imposition of fines, harm our reputation and significantly diminish use of our products. In addition,
if we are not in compliance with anti-corruption laws and other laws governing the conduct of business with government entities and/or
officials (including local laws), we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, which could have an
adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

If
we cannot keep pace with rapid developments and change in our industry and provide new services to our clients, the use of our services
could decline, reducing our revenues. 

The
payment services industry in which we operate is characterized by rapid technological change, new product and service introductions,
evolving industry standards, changing customer needs and the entrance of more established market players seeking to expand into these
businesses. In order to remain competitive, we continually seek to expand the services we offer and to develop new projects, including,
for example, the electronic wallet. These projects carry risks, such as delays in delivery, performance problems and lack of customer
acceptance. In our industry, these risks are acute. Any delay in the delivery of new services or the failure to differentiate our services
or to accurately predict and address market demand could render our services less desirable, or even obsolete, to consumers. In addition,
if alternative payment mechanisms become widely available, substituting our current products and services, and we do not develop and
offer similar alternative payment mechanisms successfully and on a timely basis, our business and prospects could be adversely affected.
Furthermore, we may be unable to recover the costs we have incurred in developing new services. Our development efforts could result
in increased costs and we could also experience a loss in business that could reduce our earnings or could cause a loss of revenue if
promised new services are not timely delivered to our clients, we are not able to compete effectively with our competitors or
do not perform as anticipated. If we are unable to develop, adapt to or access technological changes or evolving industry standards on
a timely and cost effective basis, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Our
systems and our third party providers systems may fail due to factors beyond our control, which could interrupt our service, cause
us to lose business and increase our costs. 

We
depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of numerous systems, including our computer systems, software and telecommunications
networks, as well as the data centers that we lease from third parties, including Frictionless. Our systems and operations, or those
of our third party providers like Frictionless, could be exposed to damage or interruption from, among other things, fire, flood, natural
disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, vendor failure, unauthorized entry, improper operation and computer viruses. Substantial
property and equipment loss, and disruption in operations, as well as any defects in our systems or those of third parties or other difficulties
could expose us to liability and materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition,
any outage or disruptive efforts to our data center would result in the failure of our computers and kiosks to operate and would, if
for an extensive period, adversely impact our reputation, brand and future prospects. 

15 

Unauthorized
disclosure of data, whether through cybersecurity breaches, computer viruses or otherwise, could expose us to liability, protracted and
costly litigation and damage our reputation. 

We
store and/or transmit sensitive data, such as mobile phone numbers, and we have ultimate liability to our consumers for our failure to
protect this data. If breaches occur our encryption of data and other protective measures may not prevent unauthorized disclosure of
data. Unauthorized disclosure of data or a cybersecurity breach could harm our reputation and deter clients from using electronic payments
generally, our kiosks and our products and services specifically, increase our operating expenses in order to correct the breaches or
failures, expose us to uninsured liability, increase our risk of regulatory scrutiny, subject us to lawsuits, result in the imposition
of material penalties and fines by state authorities and otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Customer
complaints or negative publicity about our customer service could affect attractiveness of our services adversely and, as a result, could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Customer
complaints or negative publicity about our customer service could diminish consumer confidence in, and the attractiveness of, our services.
Breaches of our consumers privacy and our security systems could have the same effect. We sometimes take measures to combat risks
of fraud and breaches of privacy and security, such as freezing consumer funds, which could damage relations with our consumers. These
measures heighten the need for prompt and attentive customer service to resolve irregularities and disputes. Effective customer service
requires significant personnel expense, and this expense, if not managed properly, could impact our profitability significantly. Any
inability by us to manage or train our customer service representatives properly could compromise our ability to handle customer complaints
effectively. If we do not handle customer complaints effectively, our reputation may suffer, and we may lose our customers confidence,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
payment system might be used for fraudulent, illegal or improper purposes, which could expose us to additional liability and harm our
business. 

Despite
measures we have taken and continue to take, our payment system remains susceptible to potentially illegal or improper uses. These may
include use of our payment services in connection with fraudulent sales of goods or services, illicit sales of prescription medications
or controlled substances, software and other intellectual property piracy, money laundering, bank fraud and prohibited sales of restricted
products. In the past there have been news articles on how organized crime groups have used other payment services to transfer money
in the course of illegal transactions. 

Criminals
are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting and fraud. It is possible that incidents
of fraud could increase in the future. Our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective to identify, monitor and
manage these risks. We are not able to monitor in each case the sources for our counterparties funds or the ways in which they
use them. Increases in chargebacks or other liability could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Furthermore, an increase in fraudulent transactions or publicity regarding chargeback disputes could harm our reputation
and reduce consumer confidence in the use of our kiosks and electronic wallets. 

We
may not be able to successfully protect the intellectual property we license or own and may be subject to infringement claims. 

We
rely on a combination of contractual rights, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws to establish and protect our technology and the
technology that we license and/or that we develop in the future. We and our subsidiary have applied for trademark protection for certain
marks (notably IPSIPay), but there is a risk that such trademarks will not be approved, which could leave us without important protections
for our brand. 

Also,
we customarily require our employees and independent contractors to execute confidentiality agreements or otherwise to agree to keep
our proprietary information and the information we license confidential when their relationship with us begins. Typically, our employment
contracts also include clauses requiring our employees to assign to us all the inventions and intellectual property rights they develop
in the course of their employment and to agree not to disclose our confidential information. Nevertheless, others, including our competitors,
may independently develop similar technology to that licensed by us, duplicate our services or design around our intellectual property.
Further, contractual arrangements may not prevent unauthorized disclosure of our confidential information or ensure an adequate remedy
in the event of any unauthorized disclosure of our confidential information. We may have to litigate to enforce or determine the scope
or enforceability of our intellectual property rights (including trade secrets and know-how), which could be expensive, could cause a
diversion of resources and may not prove successful. The loss of intellectual property protection could harm our business and ability
to compete and could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain service offerings or other competitive harm. Additionally,
we do not hold any patents for our business model or our business processes, and we do not currently intend to obtain any such patents
in the United States or elsewhere. 

16 

We
may also be subject to costly litigation in the event our services or the technology that we license are claimed to infringe, misappropriate
or otherwise violate any third party s intellectual property or proprietary rights. Such claims could include patent infringement,
copyright infringement, trademark infringement, trade secret misappropriation or breach of licenses. We may not be able to successfully
defend against such claims, which may result in a limitation on our ability to use the intellectual property subject to these claims
and might require us to redesign affected services, enter into costly settlement or license agreements, pay costly damage awards, or
face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or selling certain of our services. In such circumstances, if
we cannot or do not license the infringed technology on reasonable terms or substitute similar technology from another source, our revenue
and earnings could be adversely impacted. Additionally, in recent years, non-practicing entities have been acquiring patents, making
claims of patent infringement and attempting to extract settlements from companies in our industry. Even if we believe that such claims
are without merit and successfully defend these claims, defending against such claims is time consuming and expensive and could result
in the diversion of the time and attention of our management and employees. 

We
may use open-source software in a manner that could be harmful to our business. 

We
use open-source software in connection with our technology and services. The original developers of the open source code provide no warranties
on such code. Moreover, some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their software
to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software and/or make available any derivative works of the open source code
on unfavorable terms or at no cost. The use of such open source code may ultimately require us to replace certain code used in our products,
pay a royalty to use some open source code or discontinue certain products. Any of the above requirements could be harmful to our business,
financial condition and operations. 

We
do not have and may be unable to obtain sufficient insurance to protect ourselves from business risks. 

While
we hold certain mandatory types of insurance policies, we do not currently maintain insurance coverage for business interruption, property
damage or loss of key management personnel, as we have been unable to obtain these on commercially acceptable terms. We do not hold insurance
policies to cover for any losses resulting from counterparty and credit risks or fraudulent transactions. We also do not generally maintain
separate funds or otherwise set aside reserves for most types of business-related risks. Accordingly, our lack of insurance coverage
or reserves with respect to business-related risks may expose us to substantial losses, which could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We
rely on certain key personnel and in a dynamic industry like ours, the ability to attract, recruit, retain and develop qualified personnel
is critical to our success and growth. 

We
rely substantially on the efforts of our current senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer, William Corbett, and our President
and Chief Financial Officer, Richard Rosenblum. Our business would be impeded or harmed if we were to lose their services. In addition,
our business functions at the intersection of rapidly changing technological, social, economic and regulatory developments that require
a wide-ranging set of expertise and intellectual capital. In order for us to compete and grow successfully, we must attract, recruit,
retain and develop the necessary personnel who can provide the needed expertise across the entire spectrum of our capital needs. This
is particularly true with respect to qualified and experienced software engineers and information technology staff, who are highly sought
after. The market for such personnel is highly competitive, and we may not succeed in recruiting additional personnel or may fail to
replace effectively current personnel who depart with qualified or effective successors. Our efforts to retain and develop personnel
may result in significant additional expenses, which could adversely affect our profitability. We cannot assure you that we will be able
to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. Failure to retain or attract key personnel could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic may impact our operations in future. 

Future
outbreaks of the COVID-19 pandemic and the response of local and federal government to a future outbreak may result in lockdowns and
restrictions on business operations. This may have an adverse impact on our consumers and future consumers and impact on our ability
to generate revenues which could lead to material adverse impacts on our company. 

Risks
Relating to Our Securities 

There
is currently a limited public trading market for our common stock and one may never develop . 

There
currently is a limited public trading market for our securities, and it is not assured that any such public market will develop in the
foreseeable future. Moreover, there can be no assurance that even if our common stock is approved for listing on an exchange or is quoted
in the over-the-counter market in the future, that an active trading market will develop or be sustained. Therefore, we cannot predict
the prices at which our common stock will trade in the future, if at all. As a result, our investors may have limited or no ability to
liquidate their investments. 

17 

Trading
in our common stock is conducted on the OTCQB, as we currently do not meet the initial listing criteria for any registered securities
exchange. The OTCQB and OTC Markets are less recognized markets than the registered securities exchanges and is often characterized by
low trading volume and significant price fluctuations. These and other factors may further impair our stockholders ability to
sell their shares when they want to and/or could depress our stock price. As a result, stockholders could find it difficult to dispose
of, or obtain accurate quotations of the price of our securities because smaller quantities of shares could be bought and sold, transactions
could be delayed and security analyst and news coverage of our Company may be limited. If a public market for our common stock does develop,
these factors could result in lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices for our shares of common stock. 

Because
our common stock may be a penny stock, it may be more difficult for investors to sell shares of our common stock, and the
market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

Our
common stock is deemed to be a penny stock if, among other things, the stock price is below 5.00 per share, it is not
listed on a national securities exchange, or it has not met certain net tangible asset or average revenue requirements. Broker-dealers
who sell penny stocks must provide purchasers of these stocks with a standardized risk-disclosure document prepared by the SEC. This
risk-disclosure document provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks involved in investing in the penny-stock
market. A broker must also give a purchaser, orally or in writing, bid and offer quotations and information regarding broker and salesperson
compensation, make a written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and obtain the purchaser s
written agreement to the purchase. Broker-dealers must also provide customers that hold penny stock in their accounts with such broker-dealer
a monthly statement containing price and market information relating to the penny stock. If a penny stock is sold to an investor in violation
of the penny stock rules, the investor may be able to cancel its purchase and get their money back. 

If
applicable, the penny stock rules may make it difficult for stockholders to sell their shares of our common stock. Because of the rules
and restrictions applicable to a penny stock, there is less trading in penny stocks and the market price of our common stock may be adversely
affected. Also, many brokers choose not to participate in penny stock transactions. Accordingly, stockholders may not always be able
to resell their shares of our common stock publicly at times and prices that they feel are appropriate. 

Our
stock price has been subject to significant volatility, and future volatility may result in our investors incurring substantial losses. 

Our
stock price has fluctuated in the past, has been subject to volatility and may be volatile in the future. We may incur rapid and substantial
decreases in our stock price in the foreseeable future that are unrelated to our operating performance. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic
and its variants, the Russia-Ukraine conflict, rising inflation and recent bank failures have caused broad stock market and industry
fluctuations. Furthermore, the market prices for companies operating in our industry have experienced extreme volatility. As a result
of this volatility, investors may experience losses on their investment in our common stock. The market price for our common stock may
be influenced by many factors, including the following: 

conversion
of our outstanding convertible notes or exercise of outstanding warrants into shares of common stock at low prices, and the sale of such
shares in the public market; 

investor
reaction to our business strategy; 

the
success of competitive products or technologies; 

regulatory
or legal developments in the United States and other countries, especially changes in laws or regulations applicable to our products; 

variations
in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

our
ability or inability to raise additional capital to fund our working capital and business plans, and the terms on which we raise it; 

declines
 in the market prices of stocks generally; 

our
public disclosure of the terms of any financing which we consummate in the future; 

our
failure to generate revenue and positive cash flow or to become profitable; 

announcements
by us or our competitors of significant contracts, new services, acquisitions, commercial relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

cancellation
of key contracts; 

18 

our
failure to meet financial or operational forecasts we publicly disclose; 

the
trading volume of our common stock; 

sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 

general
economic, industry and market conditions; and 

other
events or factors, including those resulting from such events, or the prospect of such events, including war, terrorism and other
international conflicts, public health issues including health epidemics or pandemics, such as the continued spread of COVID-19 and its
variants, and natural disasters such as fire, hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados or other adverse weather and climate conditions, whether
occurring in the United States or elsewhere, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations of our suppliers or result in political
or economic instability 

These
and similar market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.
Since the stock price of our common stock has fluctuated in the past, has been recently volatile and may be volatile in the future, investors
in our common stock could incur substantial losses. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market, securities class-action
litigation has often been instituted against companies. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs
and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and growth prospects. There can be no guarantee that our stock price will remain at current prices or that
future sales of our common stock will not be at prices lower than those sold to investors. 

Because
we became public by means of a reverse merger, we and our shareholders may be faced with regulatory constraints, and we may not be able
to attract the attention of brokerage firms. 

Additional
risks may exist because we became public through a reverse merger. For example, our status as a former shell company may
limit the ability of shareholders to utilize SEC Rule 144 to sell their shares. Further, as we did not become a public company via a
traditional, underwritten initial public offering, securities analysts of brokerage firms may not provide coverage of our company since
there is little incentive for brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our common stock. In addition, institutional investors may
have limitations on investing in reverse merger companies, which could limit the universe of potential investors for our company. No
assurance can be given that brokerage firms will want to conduct secondary offerings on our behalf in the future. In addition, if we
were to attempt to up-list the listing of our securities on a national securities exchange we will likely be subject to additional listing
requirements applicable to entities that became public through a reverse merger. 

Compliance
with the reporting requirements of federal securities laws are expensive and time consuming. 

We
are a public reporting company in the United States, and accordingly, subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and other federal securities laws, and the compliance obligations
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The costs (in terms of expenses and the required dedication of management s time and attention)
of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders
are substantial. If we do not provide current information about our company to market makers, they will not be able to trade our stock.
Failure to comply with the applicable securities laws could result in private or governmental legal action against us or our officers
and directors, which could have a detrimental impact on our business and financials, the value of our stock, and the ability of stockholders
to resell their stock. 

Our
investors ownership will likely be diluted in the future. 

In
the future, we will likely issue additional authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of ownership
interests of our present stockholders. We expect to need to issue a substantial number of shares of common stock or other securities
convertible into or exercisable for common stock in connection the conversion or exercise of outstanding convertible notes and warrants
(including, potentially, up to 306,528,740 shares registered for resale pursuant to a recent registration statement filed on February
3, 2023) as well as in connection with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, raising additional capital in the future to
fund our operations, and other business purposes. Additional shares of common stock issued by us in the future, including shares issued
upon exercise of the warrants and the outstanding notes, will dilute an investor s investment in the Company. 

19 

Our
Board of Directors has historically had significant control over us and we have yet to establish committees comprised of independent
directors . 

Each
of our board members has significant control over all corporate issues. In addition, two of our five directors serve as our senior officers.
We have not established board committees comprised of independent members, and we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised
of independent directors. Our six directors performed these functions, despite not all being independent directors. Thus, there is potential
conflict in that two of our directors were also engaged in management and participated in decisions concerning management compensation
and audit issues that may affect management and our performance. 

We
do not have an independent compensation committee, which presents the risk that compensation and benefits paid to those executive officers
who are board members and other officers may not be commensurate with its financial performance. 

A
compensation committee consisting of independent directors is a safeguard against self-dealing by company executives. Our Board of Directors
is comprised of two executive officers and four other directors, and absent an independent compensation committee currently determines
the compensation and benefits of our executive officers, administers our employee stock and benefit plans, and reviews policies relating
to the compensation and benefits of our employees. Our lack of an independent compensation committee presents the risk that our executive
officers on the board may have influence over their personal compensation and benefits levels that may not be commensurate with its financial
performance. 

Limitations
on director and officer liability and indemnification of our officers and directors by our articles of incorporation, as amended, and
by-laws may discourage stockholders from bringing suit against an officer or director. 

Our
articles of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws provide, with certain exceptions as permitted by Nevada law, that a director or officer
shall not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, unless the director or
officer committed both a breach of fiduciary duty and such breach was accompanied by intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation
of law. These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing suit against a director or officer for breach of fiduciary duty and
may reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation brought by stockholders on behalf of us against a director or officer. 

We
are responsible for the indemnification of our officers and directors. 

Should
our officers and/or directors require us to contribute to their defense in an action brought against them in their capacity as such,
we may be required to spend significant amounts of our capital. Our articles of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws also provide for
the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under certain circumstances, against attorney s fees and
other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association with or activities on behalf
of us. In addition, we have entered into an indemnification agreement with our Chief Executive Officer. This indemnification policy could
result in substantial expenditures, which we may be unable to recoup. If these expenditures are significant or involve issues which result
in significant liability for our key personnel, we may be unable to continue operating as a going concern. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

We
have not paid cash dividends on our common stock to date and we do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable
future, and we may never pay dividends. Consequently, the only opportunity for investors to achieve a return on their investment may
be if an active trading market develops, and investors are able to sell their shares for a profit or if our business is sold at a price
that enables investors to recognize a profit, neither of which we can guarantee will ever take place. Our payment of any future dividends
will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors after taking into account various factors, including but not limited to our financial
condition, operating results, cash needs, and growth plans. for more information. 

Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

Item 2. Properties 

The
Company operates out of leased premises in Carmel by the Sea, California. The lease initially commenced on March 22, 2021 and terminated
on April 1, 2022, thereafter it was renewed on a month-to-month basis with a monthly rental expense of 4,800 per month. On January 1,
2023 the property lease was renewed on a month-to-month basis, with a 90 day termination notice period, with a monthly rental expense
of 5,088. 

20 

Item 3.
Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Below
is a description of our outstanding pending litigation matters. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result
in the below described or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. 

Voloshin
v. Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. 

On
October 20, 2021, a complaint was filed against our company and certain of its officers and directors with the Occupational Safety and
Health Administration of the United States Department of Labor OSHA ), captioned Naum Voloshin, Yulia Rey, Alexander
Voloshin, Andrey Novikov, and Frank Perez v. Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc., William Corbett, Richard Rosenblum, Madisson Corbett,
Jim Fuller, Cliff Henry and David Rios . The complaint generally alleged that complainants, four former employees of our company and
one employee who was on suspension, did not receive compensation to which they claim they were entitled and that they were wrongfully
terminated for engaging in protected activities in violation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1514A. The complaint
sought reinstatement of complainants employment, monetary damages including back pay, raises, bonuses, benefits, overtime, emotional
distress and loss of reputation, orders of abatement and injunctive relief, and costs of litigation. 

In
early 2022, OSHA dismissed the claims of Ms. Rey and Mr. Perez; they appealed that decision. We moved to dismiss the remaining claims
and as of this writing OSHA took no action with respect to that motion. 

On
May 25, 2022, the parties held a mediation in an attempt to resolve the matters. The mediation was unsuccessful. 

On
October 26, 2022, OSHA scheduled a hearing on Ms. Rey s and Mr. Perez s appeal for April 5, 2023. On November 8, 2022, the
claimants counsel informed us that all five claimants intended to exercise their right to file a lawsuit in federal court and
asked if we would stipulate to dismissal of Rey s and Perez s OSHA claims without prejudice. We agreed and a stipulation
of dismissal without prejudice was filed on November 10, 2022. 

On
November 7, 2022, the same five employees filed a lawsuit, not in federal court, but in the California Superior Court for the County
of Los Angeles, against IPSI and the same individuals against whom they had asserted their OSHA claim. The complaint asserted claims
for, inter alia , breach of contract, failure to pay wages and failure to reimburse expenses under the California Labor Code and
asserting retaliation claims under the California Labor Code. On December 16, 2022, the same five employees filed an amended complaint
dropping all defendants from the case except Mr. Corbett and IPSI. The amended complaint asserts claims for violations of California
Labor Code Section 1102.5; wrongful termination in violation of public policy; breach of contract; breach of covenant of good faith and
fair dealing; violation of California Labor Code Section 201; waiting time penalties (Cal. Lab. Code Sections 201 203) and violation
of California Labor Code Section 2802 

Defendants
moved to compel arbitration on February 17, 2023. As a result of that motion and a stipulated order entered by the court, all proceedings
are stayed until the motion to compel arbitration is heard and decided. The hearing for the motion to compel arbitration is currently
scheduled for May 4, 2023. 

We
may engage in alternative dispute resolution with the plaintiffs but there can be no assurance that these efforts will be successful.
While the outcome of the anticipated civil action is uncertain at this point, we intend to vigorously defend against the action. 

Minkovich
v. Corbett, et al. 

On
May 26, 2022, Mr. Jan Minkovich Minkovich filed a lawsuit in California Superior Court in Los Angeles County (Minkovich
v. Corbett, et al., CASE NO. 22CHCV00377) against our company and our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer William Corbett. The complaint
asserts six causes of action for: (I) breach of contract; (II) nonpayment of wages; (III) waiting time penalties; (IV) failure to indemnify
for alleged employee business expenses; (V) violation of Section 17200 of the California Business and Professional Code; and (VI) wrongful
termination of employment in violation of public policy. Minkovich seeks 570,000 in damages, penalties, and attorneys fees plus
shares equal to five percent (5 ownership of our company. 

We
are vigorously defending these claims, which are premised upon a putative three-year employment agreement that is not signed by our company
or Mr. Corbett, and which Minkovich admits in his complaint that we expressly refused to sign. 

We
and Mr. Corbett filed a motion to compel arbitration. The motion was denied on October 4, 2022. We and Mr. Corbett have appealed that
decision to the California Court of Appeal. As a result of the appeal, the court case is stayed until the appeal is decided, which we
expect to take at least six months. As a result of the stay, the demurrer (the equivalent of a motion to dismiss) we and Mr. Corbett
filed has yet to be decided and will not be decided unless the court s decision is sustained on appeal. Otherwise, the case shall
proceed to arbitration. 

Other
than as set forth above, we are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would individually
or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine
Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

21 

PART II 

Item 5.
Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 

From
November 3, 2014 to July 4, 2016, our common stock traded on the OTC Pink Markets under the symbol ASYP 
but no trading took place during this time. Since July 5, 2016 our common stock has traded on the OTCQB Market, and our symbol
was changed to QPAG on June 2, 2016 and to IPSI on December 3, 2019. 

The last reported sale
price of our common stock on the OTCQB on March 30, 2023, was XXX per share. OTC market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

As
of March 30, 2023, there were approximately 65 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date, and we have no intention of paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Whether we declare and pay dividends is determined by our Board of Directors at their discretion, subject to certain limitations imposed
under Nevada corporate law. The timing, amount and form of dividends, if any, will depend on, among other things, our results of operations,
financial condition, cash requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
purpose of our equity incentive plans is to promote the interests of our company and our stockholders by providing directors, officers,
employees and consultants of our company with appropriate incentives and rewards to encourage them to enter into and continue in the
employ or service of our company, to acquire a proprietary interest in our long-term success and to reward the performance of individuals
in fulfilling long-term corporate objectives. 

On
June 18, 2018, we established our 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Plan terminates after a period of ten years
in June 2028. The Plan is administered by our board of directors or a committee appointed by our board of directors who have the authority
to administer the Plan and to exercise all the powers and authorities specifically granted to it under the Plan. 

The
maximum number of securities available under the Plan is 800,000 shares of Common Stock. The maximum number of shares of Common Stock
awarded to any individual during any fiscal year may not exceed 100,000 shares of Common Stock. 

On
October 22, 2021, our board of directors and stockholders established our 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The
2021 Plan terminates after a period of ten years in August 2031. 

The
maximum number of securities available under the 2021 Plan is 53,000,000 shares of Common Stock. 

Under
the 2021 Plan, we may award the following: (i) non-qualified stock options; (ii)) incentive stock options; (iii) stock appreciation rights;
(iv) restricted stock; (v) restricted stock unit; and (vi) other stock-based awards. 

22 

The
following presents certain information regarding our equity incentive plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 516,666 
 0.23 
 283,334 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 45,800,000 
 0.15 
 7,200,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 46,316,666 
 0.15 
 7,483,334 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

February
3, 2021 Private Placement 

On
February 3, 2021, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements (the February 3 rd SPAs with each of Iroquois
Master Fund Ltd. Iroquois MF ), Mercer and Cavalry (collectively, the February 3 rd Investors pursuant to which we received 199,500, 250,250 and 150,500, respectively, in exchange for the issuance of: 

12.5 
Original Issue Discount Convertible Notes (the February 3 rd Notes in the principal amounts of 228,000,
 286,000 and 172,000 issued to each of Iroquois MF, Mercer and Calvary, respectively; and 

five-year
warrants (the February 3 rd Warrants to purchase 5,066,667, 6,355,556 and 3,822,223 shares of our common
stock at an exercise price of 0.05 per share to each of Iroquois MF, Mercer and Cavalry, respectively. 

February
16, 2021 Private Placement 

On
February 16, 2021, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements (the February 16 th SPAs with each of
Bellridge Capital, LP Bellridge ), Cavalry, and Mercer (the February 16 th Investors ), pursuant
to which we received 787,500, 500,500 and 500,500 from Bellridge, Cavalry and Mercer, respectively, in exchange for the issuance of: 

Original
Issue Discount 12.5 Convertible Notes (the February 16 th Notes) in the principal amounts of 900,000 issued to
Bellridge and 572,000 to each of Cavalry and Mercer; and 

five-year
warrants (the February 16 th Warrants, (i) issued to Bellridge to purchase 3,913,044 shares of our common
stock and (ii) issued to each of Cavalry and Mercer to purchase 2,486,957 shares of our common stock, each at an initial exercise price
of 0.24 per share which was subsequently adjusted to 0.15 per share following the March Private Placement described below, pursuant
to the terms of the February 16 th Warrants. 

We
have twice extended the maturity dates of the February 16 th Notes held by each Cavalry and Mercer. On February 3, 2022,
we agreed to extend the agreement s maturity date to August 16, 2022, and on August 30, 2022, we entered an agreement for an additional
maturity date extension to November 16, 2022. In consideration for the second extension, we agreed to (i) increase the principal amount
outstanding and due under the February 16 th Notes to Cavalry and Mercer by twenty percent (20 and (ii) issue to each
of Cavalry and Mercer a new five-year warrant (each, an Extension Warrant to purchase an additional 3,000,000 shares of
common stock at an exercise price of 0.15 per share. The Extension Warrant contains the same terms and provisions in all material respects
as the February 16 th Warrants, except for difference in exercise price. 

23 

On
December 30, 2022, we again extended the maturity dates of each of the February 16 th Notes held by Cavalry and Mercer
to December 30, 2023. Each of Cavalry and Mercer entered into Note Amendment Letter Agreement with the Company (the Note Amendment pursuant to which the parties agreed to the following: 

(1) The
conversion price of the February 16 th Notes was reduced from 0.15 to 0.0115 per share (such reduced conversion price
being the current conversion price of such notes give the passage of the November 16, 2022 maturity date). As a result of this change
in conversion price, the 3,000,000 shares of common stock underlying the Extension Warrants was increased to 39,130,435 shares. 

(2) The
February 16 th Warrants issued to Cavalry and Mercer were irrevocably exchanged for 12-month non-convertible promissory
notes in the amount of 482,000 (the Exchange Notes ). This exchange caused the cancellation of the February 16 th Warrants
held by Cavalry and Mercer for all purposes. The Exchange Notes have a maturity date of December 30, 2023 and carry an interest rate
of ten percent (10 ). We have the right, but not the obligation, in lieu of a cash payment upon maturity of the Exchange Notes, to issue
51,901,711 shares of common stock, as adjusted for any stock splits, dividends or other similar corporate events, in full satisfaction
of our obligations under each of the Exchange Notes (or any pro rata portion of such number of shares in partial satisfaction of such
obligations). We are under no legal obligation to reserve such number of shares for future issuance. 

(3) Each
of Cavalry and Mercer agreed (i) not to convert all or any portion of the February 16 th Notes until after March 30, 2023
and (ii) waive any events of default under the February 16 th Notes and the February 16 th SPAs. 

(4) Certain
other warrants held by Cavalry and Mercer which contain a mandatory exercise provision allowing the Company to force exercise of such
warrants if the price of the common stock is 0.06 per share or above were amended effective December 30, 2022 to reduce such forced
exercise price to 0.04 per share. 

The
March 2021 Private Placement 

On
March 11, 2021, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements (the March SPAs with each of Anson Investments Master Fund
LP Anson IMF ), Anson East Master Fund LP Anson EMF ), Cavalry, Cavalry Special Ops Fund, LLC Cavalry
SOF ), Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. Hudson Bay ), Iroquois Capital Investment Group LLC Iroquois CIG ),
Iroquois MF, and Mercer (together, the March Investors ), pursuant to which we agreed to sell to the March Investors in
a private placement (i) 30,333,334 shares of our common stock (the March Shares and (ii) warrants (the March Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 15,166,667 shares of our common stock (the March Warrant Shares for gross proceeds of
approximately 4,550,000. The combined purchase price for one share of common stock and associated March Warrant is 0.15. The private
placement pursuant to the terms of the March SPAs closed on March 16, 2021. 

Pursuant
to an engagement letter (the Engagement Letter ), dated as of March 6, 2021, by and between us and H.C. Wainwright 
Co., LLC Wainwright ), we engaged Wainwright to act as our exclusive placement agent in connection with the March Private
Placement. Pursuant to the engagement agreement, we agreed to pay Wainwright a cash fee of 8.0 of the gross proceeds raised by us in
the private placement. We also agreed to pay Wainwright (i) a management fee equal to 1.0 of the gross proceeds raised in the private
placement; (ii) 35,000 for non-accountable expenses and (iii) up to 50,000 for fees and expenses of legal counsel and other out-of-pocket
expenses. In addition, we agreed to issue to Wainwright (or its designees) placement agent warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to 2,426,667 shares of our common stock (equal 8.0 of the aggregate number of shares of common stock
sold in the March Private Placement or underlying the March Warrants). The Placement Agent Warrants generally have the same terms as
the March Warrants, except they have an exercise price of 0.1875. 

24 

Other
Transactions with Certain Selling Stockholders 

On
August 5, 2020, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Pinz SPA with Pinz Capital Special Opportunities
Fund, LP. Pinz ), pursuant to which we received 87,500 in exchange for the issuance of: 

an
Original Issue Discount 10 Senior Secured Convertible Note (the Pinz Note in the principal amount of 100,000; and 

a
five-year warrant (the Pinz Warrant to purchase 2,857,143 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.05 per
share. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

There
were no issuer purchases of equity securities during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 6. 
Reserved 

Item 7.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, our audited annual financial
statements and the related notes thereto, each of which appear elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains certain forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as described under the heading About Forward-Looking Statements in this
Annual Report. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. For additional information
regarding these risks and uncertainties. The Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations below
is based upon only the financial performance of Innovate Payment Solutions. 

Overview
and Financial Condition 

We
are a provider of digital payment solutions and services to businesses and consumers. We are focused on operating and developing e-wallets 
that enable consumers to deposit cash, convert it into a digital form, and remit the funds to Mexico and other countries quickly and
securely. Our first e-wallet, the Beyond Wallet , is focused on the business market and is currently operational. Our
flagship e-wallet, IPSIPay , is focused on the consumer market and was fully launched in July 2022 after a soft launch
in December 2021. 

Our
platform (which can be used both business-to-business and business-to-consumer) facilitates the transfer of funds in digital form to
other countries, initially Mexico but also, India and the Philippines, primarily from hand-held devices as well as on desktop or laptop
computers. 

During
the third quarter of 2022, we completed the key integration of our IPSIPay mobile application and back-end payment processing infrastructure
through our commercial partners. Additionally, in July 2022 we entered into an endorsement agreement with Mexican-American actor and
television personality, Mario Lopez, which we believe will be a significant part of our commercial launch efforts in our target markets
as described below. 

In
October 2022, we announced that since the commencement of our new IPSIPay marketing campaign featuring Mr. Lopez in August 2022,
we achieved 10,000 downloads of IPSIPay, and of the 10,000 downloads, 1,200 have been converted to active users with wallets, meaning
the users have initiated at least one transaction via IPSIPay. As of December 31, 2022, we had achieved 31,004 downloads of IPSIPay,
and of the 31,004 downloads, 2,686 have been converted to active users with wallets. 

Our
launch plan for IPSIPay and Beyond Wallet is to target lower income, migrant communities in California (notably in the agriculture industry),
and expanding to other states with large migrant populations such as Texas and Florida. We not only believe the addressable market for
our products and services is large and growing, but that servicing this market is socially responsible. We believe our digital payment
facilitation platform and related apps will empower and enable the unbanked and under-served and payment providers who service these
users, acting as a bridge to provide access to comprehensive and easy to use payment solutions. Given the large size of our addressable
market, our ability to capture even a very small share of the market represents a significant revenue opportunity for our company. 

Previously,
we intended to invest in physical kiosks which required the user presence at digital payment kiosk locations, and we still intend to
use our existing kiosks in certain target markets within Southern California. 

25 

Known
Trends, Demands, Commitments, Events or Uncertainties Impacting Our Business 

Launch
and Scaling of E-Wallets 

Having
achieved full commercial integration and launch of the IPSIPay app during the third quarter of 2022, the key for our business for the
foreseeable future is to scale the number of IPSIPay and, to a lesser extent, Beyond Wallet downloads achieved and revenue generated
from transactions process by customers via IPSIPay and Beyond Wallet. Presently, our ability to generate meaningful revenue from customer
use of IPSIPay or Beyond Wallet is limited, given the relatively recent commencement of launch activities, the relatively limited app
downloads and active users achieved to date and our launch promotional activities. While we see great potential for our product offerings
in our initial target markets as described above, both the near- and long-term viability of our business is dependent in large part on
our ability to scale our IPSIPay and Beyond Wallet business and add complimentary offerings (such as our telemedicine collaboration with
MeMD (also known as Walmart Health Virtual Care), which we announced in October 2022), all with the goal of increasing app downloads
and active users who would generate transaction processing and other fees for our company. 

We generated nominal
IPSIPay-related revenue during the fourth quarter of 2022, with the goal of increasing revenues during 2023. In
the current environment, it has proven to take longer to win a customer's trust and resulting fee generating usage of our apps. 
This is especially true when it relates to the unbanked and underserved sending money abroad. We initiated an aggressive digital
marketing campaign, late in the third quarter. With the help of National Positions and Mario Lopez we were able to finish
the year with 35,000 downloads and 5,000 active users. We have seen sequential growth every month and coupled with organic growth,
we recently achieved 50,000 downloads. Since the launch of our marketing program, we also have seen steady growth of the issuance
of debit Visa cards via IPSIPay. While we have not seen any significant revenue from these endeavors, we believe the brand we are
building and the impressions we have recorded should help us grow the awareness and use of our apps during 2023. Our ability t o
reach sufficient scale of our business and generate sufficient revenue is, however, unproven and speculative at this time, so we remain
faced with all of the risks associated with launching and seeking to scale a new business. If we are unable to grow our IPSIPay and Beyond
Wallet business, our business could be severely harmed or could fail. 

COVID-19 

The
novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in government authorities and businesses throughout the world implementing
numerous measures intended to contain and limit the spread of COVID-19, including travel restrictions, border closures, quarantines,
shelter-in-place and lock-down orders, mask and social distancing requirements, and business limitations and shutdowns. The spread of
COVID-19 and increased variants has caused, and may continue to cause us to make significant modifications to our business practices,
including enabling most of our workforce to work from home, establishing strict health and safety protocols for our offices, restricting
physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences, and imposing restrictions on employee travel. We will continue to actively
monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business practices as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities
or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, or business partners. 

The
rapidly changing global market and economic conditions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic have impacted, and are expected to continue
to impact, our operations and business. For example, COVID-19 related issues has caused a delay in our ability to launch our products
and services. The broader implications of the COVID-19 pandemic and related global economic unpredictability on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations remain uncertain. 

Russia s
Invasion of Ukraine 

In
February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine, with Belarus complicit in the invasion. As of the date of this report, the conflict between these
two countries is ongoing. We do not have any direct or indirect exposure to Ukraine, Belarus or Russia, through our operations, employee
base or any investments in any of these countries. In addition, our securities are not traded on any stock exchanges in these three countries.
We do not believe that the sanction levied against Russia or Belarus or individuals and entities associated with these two countries
will have a material impact on our operations or business, if any. Further, we do not believe that we have any direct or indirect reliance
on goods sourced from Russia, Ukraine or Belarus or countries that are supportive of Russia. 

We
have commercially launched our e-wallet platforms which provide online money transfer and payment services to our customers which may
expose us to cybersecurity risks. We employ the latest encryption techniques and firewall practices and constantly monitor the usage
of our software, however, this may not be sufficient to prevent the heightened risk of cybersecurity attacks emanating from Russia, Ukraine,
Belarus, or any other country. 

The
impact of the invasion by Russia of Ukraine has increased volatility in stock trading prices and commodities throughout the world. To
date, we have not seen a material impact on our operations; however, a prolonged conflict may impact on consumer spending, in general,
which could have an adverse impact on the payment services industry as a whole and our business. 

26 

Inflation 

Macro-economic
conditions could affect consumer spending adversely and consequently our future operations when we fully launch our e-wallet products
commercially. The U.S. has entered a period of significant inflation, and this may impact consumer s desire to adopt our products
and services and may increase our costs overall. However, as of the date of this report, we do not expect there to be any material impact
on our liquidity as forecast in our business plan due to recent inflationary concerns in the U.S. 

Foreign
Exchange Risks 

We
intend to operate in several foreign countries, including Mexico. Changes and fluctuations in the foreign exchange rate between the US
Dollar and other foreign currencies, including the Mexican Peso, may in future have an effect our results of operations. 

Recent
Developments 

December
2022 Note Amendment Transaction 

On February 16, 2021,
we entered into separate Securities Purchase Agreements (the SPAs ), with each of Cavalry Fund I LP Cavalry and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC Mercer ), pursuant to which we received 500,500 and 500,500 from Cavalry
and Mercer, respectively, in exchange for the issuance of: (i) Original Issue Discount 12.5 Convertible Notes (the Notes 
and each a Note in the principal amount of 572,000 to each of Cavalry and Mercer; and (ii) five-year warrants (the Original
Warrants issued to each of Cavalry and Mercer to purchase 2,486,957 shares of the Company s common stock (the Common
Stock at an exercise price of 0.24 per share. 

We
have twice extended our indebtedness to each Cavalry and Mercer. On February 3, 2022, we agreed to extend the maturity date of the Notes
to August 16, 2022. Additionally, on August 30, 2022 we entered agreements for an additional maturity date extension to November 16,
2022. In consideration for the second extension, we agreed to (i) increase the principal amount outstanding and due to Cavalry and Mercer
under their respective Notes by twenty percent (20 and (ii) issue to each of Cavalry and Mercer a new five-year warrant (each, an Extension
Warrant to purchase an additional 3,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.15 per share. The Extension Warrant
contains the same terms and provisions in all material respects as the Original Warrants, except for difference in exercise price. 

On
December 30, 2022, we again extended the maturity dates of each of the Notes to December 30, 2023. Each of Cavalry and Mercer entered
into Note Amendment Letter Agreement with the Company (the Note Amendment pursuant to which the parties agreed to the
following: 

(1) 
 The conversion price of the Notes was reduced from 0.15 to 0.0115 per share (such reduced conversion price being the current conversion price of the Notes give the passage of the November 16, 2022 maturity date of the Notes). As a result of this change in conversion price, under the existing terms of the Notes, the 3,000,000 shares of common stock underlying the Extension Warrants was increased to 39,130,435 shares; 

(2) 
 The Original Warrants issued on February 16, 2021 were irrevocably exchanged for 12-month non-convertible promissory notes in the amount of 482,000 (the Exchange Notes ). This exchange caused the cancellation of the Original Warrants for all purposes. The Exchange Notes have a maturity date of December 30, 2023 and carry an interest rate of ten percent (10 ). We shall have the right, but not the obligation, in lieu of a cash payment upon maturity of the Exchange Notes, to issue 51,901,711 shares of common stock, as adjusted for any stock splits, dividends or other similar corporate events, in full satisfaction of its obligations under each of the Exchange Notes (or any pro rata portion of such number of shares in partial satisfaction of such obligations). We are under no legal obligation to reserve such number of shares for future issuance; 

(3) Each
of Cavalry and Mercer agreed (i) not to convert all or any portion of the Notes until after March 30, 2023 and (ii) waive any events
of default under the Notes and the SPAs; 

(4) Certain
other warrants held by Cavalry and Mercer which contain a mandatory exercise provision allowing us to force exercise of such warrants
if the price of the common stock is 0.06 per share or above were amended effective December 30, 2022 to reduce such forced exercise
price to 0.04 per share; and 

(5) 
 We are obligated to register the shares of common stock underlying the Notes and the shares underlying all warrants held by Cavalry and Mercer for resale with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we have filed the registration statement to satisfy such registration obligation. 

The parties also acknowledged
that the principal and accrued interest under the Notes as of December 28, 2022 is equal to an aggregate of 2,264,784, or 1,132,392
for each of Cavalry and Mercer. In addition, as a result of the reduction in the conversion price of the Notes, certain other warrants
held by third parties will have the exercise price of such warrants reduced to 0.0115 per share. All of the shares of our common stock
underlying the Notes as amended and all warrants held by Cavalry and Mercer as adjusted are registered for resale pursuant to a registration
statement. 

27 

Results
of Operations for the years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Net
revenue 

We
recorded minimal revenues of 847 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and we did not have revenues during the year ended December
31, 2021. Our goal is to increase revenue as our product becomes more widely used and we are exploring different market segments to increase
our revenue from our e-wallets. We have utilized financial promotional strategies to encourage
downloads and use of IPSIPay, which has reduced our ability to generate revenues in the near term while such strategies are in effect. 

Cost
of goods sold 

Cost
of goods sold was 5,052 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and consists primarily of bank and merchant related fees and chargebacks.
We had no cost of goods sold, as we did not have revenues during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

General
and administrative expenses 

General and administrative
expenses were 5,540,879 and 10,284,815 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 4,743,936 or 46.1 .
The decrease is primarily due to the following; 

(i) Salaries
and wages of 2,323,361 and 7,066,725 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 4,743,364 or 67.1 .
The decrease is due to the value of warrants issued to our CEO of 4,327,899 in the prior year. These warrants were subsequently cancelled
and replaced with stock options; the reduction in severance expenses of 302,000, a severance expense was raised for several employees
in the prior year who are currently disputing their severance; the decrease in stock option compensation expense of 57,342; and a reduction
in salary expense of 79,267 due to the reduction in payroll head count during the current year. 

(ii) 
 Consulting fees of 339,500 and 1,340,134 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 1,000,634 or 74.7 . The decrease is due to 8,000,000 restricted shares issued to various advisory board members valued at 776,000 in the prior year and 3,650,000 shares issued to various consultants and advisory board members valued at 443,050 during the prior year. The remaining increase of 218,416 is due to consulting fees paid to various consultants to improve our marketing and selling efforts. 

(iii) 
 Directors fees of 105,000 and 722,114 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 617,114 or 85.5 , Directors fees in the prior year included shares issued to directors valued at 539,000, and the value of options granted to directors of 91,614. 

(iv) Selling
and marketing costs of 622,639 and 117,185 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 505,454 or
431.3 . The increase is due to the Mario Lopez endorsement fees of 446,702 and a general increase in other marketing expenditure of
 58,752 to launch our payment platform. 

(v) Professional
fees of 1,117,066 and 405,552 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 711,514 or 175.4 . The
increase is primarily due to an increase in fees paid to Frictionless of 526,033 for compliance, consulting and customer support and
various other functions during the current period; and an increase in social media expense of 148,415 in order to promote the
completed IPSI pay platform. 

(vi) Legal
fees of 470,316 and 243,541 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, increased by 226,775 or 93.1 , primarily
due to two legal cases, one with a previous employee and the other with a consultant who was to provide services to the Group. These
cases are ongoing and are being defended. 

(vii) Insurance
expense of 224,056 and 85,936 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 138,120 or 160.7 , primarily
due to increases in both health care costs and D O insurance taken out during the current year. 

(vi) The
balance of the difference is made up of several individually insignificant expenses. 

28 

Depreciation 

Depreciation
was 132,394 and 17,935 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 114,459. The increase is primarily
due to the September 2022 commencement of amortization of the platform which is now commercially operational. 

Investment
impairment charge 

Investment
impairment charge was 1 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the amount is immaterial. 

Loss
on debt conversion 

Loss
on debt conversion was 0 and 5,498,820 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 5,498,820. The
loss on debt conversion during the prior year represents a loss realized on the conversion of convertible notes, into equity at fixed
conversion prices which ranged from 0.035 to 0.045 per share, when the stock price ranged from 0.05 per share to 0.238 per share,
resulting in a significant loss. A total of 2,259,221 was converted from convertible debt to equity during the year ended December 31,
2021. 

Loss
on convertible notes 

loss
on convertible notes was 4,602,709 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 4,602,709 or
100.0 . The increase is due to the repayment of one convertible note and the modification of the maturity date of two convertible notes
during the first, third fourth quarters, respectively, resulting in the triggering of a full rachet provision on certain warrants, the
reduction in the conversion price of the convertible notes and the exchange of certain warrants for promissory notes, discussed fully
in note 9 to the financial statements. 

Forgiveness
of federal relief loan 

Forgiveness
of federal relief loan was 0 and 60,292 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the prior period the company
applied and was granted on the PPP loan advanced by the federal government during the 2020 year. 

Interest
expense 

Interest
expense was 199,788 and 228,240 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 28,452 or 12.5 . The decrease
is primarily due to a reduction in the value of convertible debt outstanding, which has been offset by increases in the principal balance
outstanding during the current period due to the capitalization of interest and penalties incurred for extending the maturity dates of
the debt. 

Amortization
of debt discount 

Amortization
of debt discount was 263,200 and 3,653,652 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 3,390,452 or
92.8 . The decrease is primarily due to the accelerated amortization of debt discount related to notes converted to equity during the
first quarter of the prior year. 

Derivative
liability movements 

Derivative
liability movements were 411,752 and 5,128,255 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The derivative liability
arose due to the issuance of convertible securities with variable conversion prices and no floor conversion price. The credit during
the current year represents the mark-to-market of the derivative liability outstanding as of December 31, 2022, primarily as a result
of a decrease in the share price over the prior year. 

29 

Net
loss 

We
incurred a net loss of 10,331,424 and 14,494,915 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, a decrease of 4,163,491
or 28.7 . The decrease is due to the decrease in general and administrative expenses, the decrease in the loss realized on the conversion
of convertible debt, the decrease in the amortization of debt discount, offset by the increase in loss on convertible notes and the movement
in derivative liabilities, discussed in detail above. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

To
date, our primary sources of cash have been funds raised primarily from the sale of our debt and equity securities. 

We incurred an accumulated
deficit of 52,399,858 through December 31, 2022 and incurred negative cash flow from operations of 3,061,953 for the year ended December
31, 2022. Our focus on operating and developing e-wallets that enable consumers to deposit cash, convert it into a digital form and remit
the funds to Mexico and other countries quickly and securely, has required us to spend substantial amounts in connection with implementing
our business strategy, including marketing our services to our target market. 

To
meet our financing needs, in 2021, we raised net convertible debt and warrant funding of 2,048,000 (gross proceeds from convertible
notes of 2,569,000 less repayment of convertible notes of 521,000), received proceeds from warrant exercises of 3,009,349 and additional
gross proceeds 4,550,000 from a private placement of equity securities. Subsequent to the 2022 year end, during February 2023, we raised
an additional 535,000 in gross proceeds from convertible debt and warrant funding. As of the date of this Report, we do not believe
that we have sufficient funding to implement our business strategy and anticipate that we will need to raise substantial additional funds
in order to implement our plans. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had cash of 374,765 and working capital deficit of 6,071,437, including a derivative liability of 2,550,642.
After eliminating the derivative liability our working capital deficit is 3,520,795. 

We utilized cash of 3,061,953
and 2,608,118 in operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Overall cash utilized in operations increased
by 453,835. 

We invested 819,782
and 625,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in the acquisition of a license and services for our wallet
products in the furtherance of our business objectives. In the prior year, we also invested 500,000 in the common stock of Frictionless
which has been contracted to develop our payment platform for the Mexican and other markets. 

Cash
utilized in financing activities was 1,137,410 for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the repayment of convertible
debt during February 2022. Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily comprised of gross
proceeds of 4,550,000 from the private placement on March 17, 2021, 3,009,349 from warrants exercised and a net 2,048,000 from convertible
debt issued, net of convertible debt repayments of 521,000. We utilized 501,100 for share issue expenses. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had outstanding convertible notes in the amount of 2,266,602 and notes outstanding of 964,268. The convertible
notes were issued on February 16, 2021 and the maturity date has subsequently been extended three times to August 16, 2022, November
16, 2022 and December 30, 2023. The August 16, 2022 and November 16, 2022 maturity date extensions resulted in additional penalties been
incurred on the notes. The December 2022 Note Amendment Transection resulted in the exchange of certain warrants into notes with an aggregate
principal balance of 964,000, the reduction in the conversion price of the convertible notes to 0.0115 per share from 0.15 per share
and the triggering of the full rachet provision on certain warrants resulting in the issuance of an additional 72,260,870 warrants at
a revised exercise price of 0.0115 per share, in addition the exercise price of certain warrants was reset to 0.0115 per share from
 0.05 per share. See note 9 to the financial statements for a full description of the December 2022 Debt Amendment Transaction. 

30 

Capital
Expenditures 

Our
capital expenditure is dependent on our cash resources, currently we are not forecasting any additional capital expenditure for the 2023
fiscal year. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Preparation
of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires
us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of certain assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well
as related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Significant accounting policies are fundamental to understanding our financial
condition and results as they require the use of estimates and assumptions which affect the financial statements and accompanying notes.
See Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item
8 of this Form 10- K for further information. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8
of this Form 10-K for information regarding recently issued accounting standards. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
have contractual obligations in the form of notes and convertible notes which are described in the financial statements included as part
of this Report. 

Inflation 

The
effect of inflation on the Company s operating results was not significant. 

Interest
rate sensitivity 

We
are not subject to interest rate sensitivity; our only debt consists of fixed rate convertible debt. 

Cybersecurity 

We
believe we employ industry standard cybersecurity protocols and tools, which are constantly evolving, to protect our apps and software.
While we are not aware of any cybersecurity breaches or similar issues relating to our company, there is a risk that our efforts will
be insufficient to defend against all cybersecurity threats. 

Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable because we are a smaller reporting company. 

31 

Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplemental Data 

Page 
 
 Report of the Independent, Registered Public Accounting firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

The Company's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial
statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, generated negative cash flows from operating activities, has an
accumulated deficit and has stated that substantial doubt exists about Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's
evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans in regarding these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Assessment of Derivative Liabilities-
Refer to Note 10 of the consolidated financial statements 

Certain of the short-term convertible
notes disclosed in note 9 and certain warrants disclosed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, have variable priced conversion
rights with no fixed floor price and will re-price dependent on the share price performance over varying periods of time and certain notes
and warrants have fundamental transaction clauses which might result in cash settlement, due to these factors, all convertible notes and
any warrants attached thereto are valued and give rise to a derivative financial liability, which was initially valued at inception of
the convertible notes and warrants using a Black-Scholes valuation model. The value of this derivative financial liability was
re-assessed at December 31, 2022. 

We identified the accounting for derivative liability
for short term convertible notes and warrants as a critical audit matter. Our principal considerations included the existence of subjective
judgments related to certain provisions of the convertible notes and warrant agreements in connection with the determination of the classification
of the notes and warrants, including provisions related to market volatility. Auditing these elements required especially challenging
auditor judgment and significant audit effort, including the need for specialized knowledge and skill in assessing these elements of the
agreements. 

The p rimary procedures we performed
to address this critical audit matter included: 

Reading
the agreements related to the short-term convertible notes and warrants issued along with management s technical accounting memos
to understand the facts and circumstances within the notes and warrant agreements. 

Utilizing
personnel with knowledge and skill in debt and equity accounting to evaluate the appropriateness of management s
interpretation on how to apply relevant accounting guidance for the classification of the warrants issued, including evaluating the terms
associated with market volatility. 

/s/ 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

PCAOB ID 

March 31, 2023 

F- 3 

INNOVATIVE
PAYMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Non-current assets 

Plant and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Security deposit 

Investment 

Total Non-Current Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Equity (Deficit) 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Notes payable 
 
 -

Convertible debt, net of unamortized discount of and , respectively 

Derivative liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-Current Liabilities 

Federal relief loans 

Total Non-Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; and shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total equity (deficit) attributable to Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. Stockholders 

Non-controlling interest 

Total Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Equity (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

INNOVATIVE
PAYMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Twelve months ended 
 Twelve months ended 

December 
 December 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net Revenue 
 
 -

Cost of Goods Sold 
 
 -

Gross loss 
 
 -

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Total Expense 

Loss from Operations 

Investment impairment charge 
 
 -

Loss on debt conversion 
 -

Loss on convertible notes 
 
 -

Forgiveness of federal relief loans 
 -

Interest expense, net 

Amortization of debt discount 

Derivative liability movements 

Loss before taxation 

Taxation 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. Stockholders 

Basic and diluted loss per share

Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding - Basic and diluted

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

INNOVATIVE
PAYMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
FOR THE PERIOD JANUARY 1, 2021 TO DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Preferred Stock Shares 
 Amount 
 Common Stock Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Non-controlling shareholders interest 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 -
 
 -

-

Warrants exercised 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Conversion of convertible debt to equity 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares issued for services 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares subscriptions 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Share issue expenses 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Fair value of warrants issued 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock based option expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Restricted stock awards 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Proceeds from non-controlling shareholders 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Fair value of warrants issued 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares issued for services 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock based option expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Restricted stock awards 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Proceeds from non-controlling shareholders 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 -

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

INNOVATIVE
PAYMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Twelve months ended 
 Twelve months ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Derivative liability movements 

Depreciation 

Amortization of debt discount 

Investment impairment charge 
 
 -

Loss on conversion of debt to equity 
 -

Loss on convertible notes 
 
 -

Fair value of warrants issued 
 
 -

Deposit forfeited 
 -

Forgiveness of federal relief loans 
 -

Shares issued for services 

Stock based compensation 

Amortization of right of use asset 
 -

Changes in Assets and Liabilities 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 
 -

Interest accruals 

CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Investment in Frictionless Financial Technologies, Inc. 
 -

Intangibles acquired 

Investment in deposits 

Plant and equipment purchased 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from share issuances 
 -

Share issue expenses 
 -

Proceeds from warrants issued 
 -

Repayment of loans payable 
 -

Proceeds from short term notes and convertible notes 
 -

Repayment of convertible notes 

Proceeds from non-controlling shareholders 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AT END OF YEAR 

CASH PAID FOR INTEREST AND TAXES: 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Cash paid for interest 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Warrants
 issued for software development 
 
 - 
 
 Derecognition of right of use assets on early termination 
 -

Conversion of convertible debt to equity 
 -

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

INNOVATIVE
PAYMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The transactions contemplated by the SPA closed
on December 31, 2019 after the satisfaction of customary conditions, the receipt of a final fairness opinion and the approval of the
Company s shareholders. As a result, the Company no longer has any business operations in Mexico and has retained its U.S. operations,
currently based in Carmel By The Sea, California. 

F- 8 

INNOVATIVE
PAYMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1 ORGANIZATION
AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS (continued) 

strategic interest in Frictionless Financial Technologies, Inc. Frictionless on
June 22, 2021. Frictionless agreed to deliver to the Company, a live fully compliant financial payment Software as a Service solution
for use by the Company as a digital payment platform that enables payments within the United States and abroad, including Mexico, together
with a service agreement providing a full suite of product services to facilitate the Company s anticipated product offerings.
The Company has an irrevocable right to acquire up to an additional of the outstanding common stock of Frictionless at a purchase
price of for each acquired. 

stake, with Frictionless owning the remaining . Beyond Fintech acquired an exclusive license to a product known
as Beyond Wallet, to further its objective of providing virtual payment services allowing U.S. persons to transfer funds to Mexico
and other countries. 

owned. 

F- 9 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND
ESTIMATES (continued) 

F- 10 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND
ESTIMATES (continued) 

operating segment. 

and , respectively. 

,
and there is no substantial influence. Under the cost method, the stock purchased is recorded on a balance sheet as a non-current asset
at the historical acquisition/purchase price, and is not modified unless shares are sold, additional shares are purchased or there is
evidence of the fair market value of the investment declining below carrying value. Any dividends received are recorded as income. 

and on its non-marketable equity securities for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. The impairment charge was based on management s determination that due to the lack of ability, to date,
by Vivi Holdings Vivi to fulfill its capital raising requirements and implement its business strategy that there is a
significant risk that Vivi may not be able to meet its obligations. 

F- 11 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND
ESTIMATES (continued) 

are capitalized
and depreciated. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated
useful lives of the assets are as follows: 

years 

Computer equipment 
 
 years 

Leasehold improvements 

Office equipment 
 
 years 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 12 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND
ESTIMATES (continued) 

F- 13 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND
ESTIMATES (continued) 

. In connection with preparing the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, management evaluated the risks described in Note 2(f) above on the Company s
business and its future liquidity for the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. 

, together with the logo, use of name and implementation of the product into the Company s technology. The Company
owns of Beyond Fintech with the other owned by Frictionless. During the year ended December 31, 2022, an additional
 on software to further enhance the Beyond Wallet product offering. 

to Frictionless for the development of the IPSIPay
wallet, and during the year ended December 31, 2022, an additional , including warrants issued to Frictionless valued at 
(note 5 and 11), was incurred by the Company to facilitate the functioning of the IPSIPay software in the cloud environment. 

-

Purchased Technology - IPSIPay 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 14 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

common
shares for gross proceeds of , representing of the outstanding common shares. In terms of the SPA, Frictionless agreed
to deliver to the Company on or before August 30, 2021, a live fully compliant financial payment Software as a Service solution for use
by the Company as a digital payment platform that enables payments within the United states and abroad, including Mexico, together with
a service agreement providing a full suite of product services to facilitate to Company s anticipated product offerings. 

shares
of common stock in the Company at an exercise price of per share based on the delivery of the financial payment software in
accordance with the SPA. On December 30, 2022, the Company issued a warrant to Frictionless in satisfaction of this obligation. Due to
the pricing of financings undertaken by the Company between the date of the SPA and the date the warrant was granted, the exercise price
of the warrant was set upon issuance at per share. Further, the warrant issued to Frictionless was for restricted shares
of common stock and the non-dilutable provision was omitted. The warrant was valued at on the date of grant and
was capitalized to purchased technology on the date of grant. 

of the outstanding common stock of Frictionless at a purchase
price of for each acquired. 

Shares of its common stock as follows: Shares
to the Company; Shares to the Company s designee, Mr. Andrey Novikov; Shares to the Company s
designee, the Joseph W. Patricia G. Abrams Family Trust; and Shares to the Company s designee, Mr. Gaston
Pereira. 

and , respectively,
based on Vivi s indicated timeline for its proposed IPO and fund raising activities, largely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic.
The total impairment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and . 

Investment in Vivi Holdings, Inc. 
 -

, monthly rental expense was per
month with no escalations during the term of the lease. 

and the operating lease liability was . The Company monitors for events
or changes in circumstances that require a reassessment of its lease. When a reassessment results in the remeasurement of a lease liability,
a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the corresponding right-of-use asset unless doing so would reduce the carrying
amount of the right-of-use asset to an amount less than zero. In that case, the amount of the adjustment that would result in a negative
right-of-use asset balance is recorded as a loss in the statement of operations. 

F- 15 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

6 LEASES (continued) 

was
forfeited. 

Following
the expiry of the lease term, the landlord has agreed to continue the lease on a month-to-month basis at per month. On January
1, 2023, the Company entered into a new month-to-month lease, with a 90 day termination clause, for a monthly rental of . 

Remaining lease term operating lease 

, bearing interest at 
per annum and repayable in monthly installments of commencing twelve months after inception with the balance of interest and
principal repayable on July 7, 2050. The loan is secured by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company. The proceeds are to be
used for working capital purposes to alleviate economic injury caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

and on this loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 16 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and from
Cavalry and Mercer, respectively, in exchange for the issuance of: (i) Original Issue Discount Convertible Notes (the Notes 
and each a Note in the principal amount of to each of Cavalry and Mercer; and (ii) five-year warrants (the Original
Warrants issued to each of Cavalry and Mercer to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of per share. 

(the Exchange Notes to each of Cavalry and Mercer. This exchange caused the cancellation of the Original Warrants for all purposes. The Company accounted
for the aggregate value of the notes issued of , less the fair value of the warrants exchanged for these notes of , totaling
 as a component of the loss on convertible debt. 

and carry an interest rate of ten percent ). The Company shall have the right, but
not the obligation, in lieu of a cash payment upon maturity of the Exchange Notes, to issue shares of common stock, as adjusted
for any stock splits, dividends or other similar corporate events, in full satisfaction of its obligations under each of the Exchange
Notes (or any pro rata portion of such number of shares in partial satisfaction of such obligations). The Company is under no legal obligation
to reserve such number of shares for future issuance. 

-

Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC 

-

Total convertible notes payable 

-

for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

and from Cavalry
and Mercer, respectively, in exchange for the issuance of: (i) Original Issue Discount Convertible Notes (the Notes in the principal amount of to each of Cavalry and Mercer; and (ii) five-year warrants (the Original Warrants issued
to each of Cavalry and Mercer to purchase shares of the Company s common stock (the Common Stock at an
exercise price of per share. Cavalry and Mercer are Selling Stockholders listed in this prospectus. 

. Additionally, on August 30, 2022, the Company entered agreements for an additional maturity date extension to
November 16, 2022. In consideration for the second extension, the Company agreed to (i) increase the principal amount outstanding and
due to Cavalry and Mercer under their respective Notes by twenty percent and (ii) issue to each of Cavalry and Mercer a new five-year
warrant (each, an Extension Warrant to purchase an additional shares of common stock at an exercise price of
 per share. The Extension Warrant contains the same terms and provisions in all material respects as the Original Warrants, except
for difference in exercise price. 

F- 17 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

9 CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE
(continued) 

to per share (such reduced conversion price being the current conversion price of the Notes give
the passage of the November 16, 2022 maturity date of the Notes). As a result of this change in conversion price, under the existing
terms of the Notes, the shares of common stock underlying the Extension Warrants was increased to shares; 

(the Exchange
Notes ). This exchange caused the cancellation of the Original Warrants for all purposes. The Exchange Notes have a maturity date
of and carry an interest rate of ten percent ). The Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, in lieu
of a cash payment upon maturity of the Exchange Notes, to issue shares of common stock, as adjusted for any stock splits,
dividends or other similar corporate events, in full satisfaction of its obligations under each of the Exchange Notes (or any pro rata
portion of such number of shares in partial satisfaction of such obligations). The Company is under no legal obligation to reserve such
number of shares for future issuance; 

per share or above were amended effective December 30, 2022 to reduce such forced exercise price to per share;
and 

,
or for each of Cavalry and Mercer. In addition, as a result of the reduction in the conversion price of the Notes, certain
other warrants held by third parties have their exercise price of such warrants reduced to per share. All of the shares of our
common stock underlying the Notes as amended and all warrants held by Cavalry and Mercer as adjusted were registered for resale pursuant
to the filed registration statement. 

,
the reduction in the conversion price of the convertible notes from to per share, which was valued at using a
Black-Scholes valuation model, the issuance of additional warrants to the convertible note holders valued at using a Black-Scholes
valuation model and the conversion of certain warrants to notes payable, resulting in an additional charge of , consisting of
a mark-to-market warrant cost of ) and the value of the notes of (Note 8 above) and the value of full rachet provisions
of certain of the warrants issued to the convertible note holders amounting to , see note 12 below, the amendment of the convertible
notes was determined to be a debt extinguishment. 

F- 18 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

9 CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE
(continued) 

-

Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC 

-

Bellridge Capital LP 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total convertible notes payable 

-

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

, after an original issue discount of in exchange for the issuance of a Senior Secured Convertible Note, bearing interest at per annum and maturing on February 16, 2022. The Note was convertible into shares of common stock at an initial conversion price of per share, in addition, the Company issued a warrant exercisable for shares of common stock at an initial exercise price of per share. 

and (ii) issue a new five-year warrant to purchase an additional shares of common stock at an exercise price of 
per share. In consideration of the December 30, 2022 extension, the Company agreed to the following terms; (i) the conversion price of
the Note was reduced from to per share; (ii) Cavalry agreed (a) not to convert all or any portion of the Notes until after
March 30, 2023 and (b) waive any events of default under the Note and the SPA; (iii) the Company agreed to and registered the shares of
common stock underlying the Note and the shares underlying all warrants held by Cavalry for resale with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and filed the registration statement to satisfy the Company s registration obligation. 

. 

F- 19 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

9 CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE
(continued) 

, after an original issue discount of in exchange for the issuance of a Senior Secured Convertible Note, bearing interest at per annum and maturing on February 16, 2022. The Note is convertible into shares of common stock at an initial conversion price of per share, in addition, the Company issued a warrant exercisable for shares of common stock at an initial exercise price of per share. As described more fully above, the maturity date of the note was extended to August 16, 2022, additionally to November 16, 2022 and again to December 30, 2023. In consideration for the November 16, 2022 extension, the Company agreed to (i) increase the principal amount outstanding and due to Mercer by twenty percent and (ii) issue a new five-year warrant to purchase an additional shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. In consideration of the December 30, 2022 extension, the Company agreed to the following terms; (i) the conversion price of the Note was reduced from to per share; (ii) Mercer agreed (a) not to convert all or any portion of the Notes until after March 30, 2023 and (b) waive any events of default under the Note and the SPA; (iii) the Company agreed to and registered the shares of common stock underlying the Note and the shares underlying all warrants held by Mercer for resale with the Securities and Exchange Commission and filed the registration statement to satisfy the Company s registration obligation. The balance of the Mercer Note plus accrued interest at December 31, 2022 was . 

, after an original issue discount of in exchange for the issuance of a Senior Secured Convertible Note, bearing interest at per annum and which matured on February 16, 2022. The Note was convertible into shares of common stock at an initial conversion price of per share, in addition, the Company issued a warrant exercisable for shares of common stock at an initial exercise price of per share. The Bellridge Note was repaid on February 4, 2022 for gross proceeds of , including interest thereon of and penalty interest of recorded as a loss on convertible debt, thereby extinguishing the Bellridge Note. 

. In addition, the Note and warrant
Amendment gave rise to an additional derivative liability charge of which was recorded as an expense in the loss on convertible
notes charge in the statement of operations. 

F- 20 

I NNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

10 DERIVATIVE LIABILITY (continued) 

, new derivative liability arising on warrants issued of and additional derivative liability arising on
the Note Amendment of . The value of the derivative liability in each instance above was determined by using a Black-Scholes
valuation model. 

to 
 to 
 
 Risk free interest rate 
 to 
 to 
 
 Expected life of derivative liability 
 to months 
 to months 
 
 Expected volatility of underlying stock 
 to 
 to 
 
 Expected dividend rate 

Derivative financial liability arising from convertible note and warrants 

Derivative financial liability arising on note amendment included in loss on convertible notes 
 
 -

Fair value adjustment to derivative liability 

shares with a par value of each. The Company had and shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

shares of common stock
for the conversion of of convertible debt and interest thereon, realizing a loss on conversion of . 

shares of common stock for gross proceeds
of . 

shares of its common stock (the Shares and (ii) warrants (the Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of its common stock for gross proceeds of approximately . The combined purchase
price for one share of common stock and associated Warrant is . 

F- 21 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

11 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

a. Common Stock (continued) 

of the gross proceeds raised by the Company in the private placement.
The Company also agreed to pay Wainwright (i) a management fee equal to of the gross proceeds raised in the private placement;
(ii) for non-accountable expenses and (iii) up to for fees and expenses of legal counsel and other out-of-pocket expenses.
In addition, the Company agreed to issue to Wainwright (or its designees) placement agent warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants to purchase a number of shares equal to of the aggregate number of Shares sold under the Purchase Agreement or warrants to purchase
an aggregate of up to shares of the Company s common stock. The Placement Agent Warrants generally will have the same
terms as the Warrants, except they will have an exercise price of . 

restricted shares of common stock, the restricted shares of common stock vest as to
 on the effective date and on the anniversary date of the agreement. 

shares of common stock to board members that were appointed during the year. In Addition,
a further shares of common stock were issued to an employee of the Company and a further shares
of common stock were issued to various consultants. 

shares
of Common Stock as compensation for the services rendered which were fully earned on the date of issue. These shares were valued
at at the date of grant. In addition, the contractor will receive a monthly fee of for the term of the Agreement,
commencing on August 1, 2022. 

shares of Common Stock
as compensation for the services rendered which were fully earned on the date of issue. These shares were valued at at the
date of grant. 

restricted shares of Common Stock to Richard Rosenblum, the Company s President and Chief
Financial Officer. These shares were valued at at the date of grant. 

shares of Common Stock to Samad Harake or his designees as compensation for the services rendered
which were fully earned on the date of issue., Mr. Harake is the president and control person of Frictionless. These shares were valued
at at the date of grant. 

restricted
shares of which vested on January 1, 2021 and the remaining shares vest over a period of . The shares
of unvested restricted stock which was not physically issued to the employee were not earned due to the cessation of employment with the
Company. 

F- 22 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

11 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

b. Restricted stock awards
(continued) 

Granted and issued 

-
 
 -

Forfeited/Cancelled 

-
 
 -

Vested 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding December 31, 2021 

Granted and issued 

-
 
 -

Forfeited/Cancelled 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Vested 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of authorized. No preferred stock
was issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 23 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

11 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

d. Warrants (continued) 

shares of
the Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The Warrants shall have a three-year term commencing from the Effective
Date. The right to exercise the Warrants shall be subject to vesting during the Term but shall vest in full upon the consummation
of a fundamental transaction involving the Company or upon certain termination events provided for in the Endorsement Agreement. The Exercise
Price may be payable via cashless exercise , unless the underlying Shares are registered under an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Shares are subject to certain piggyback registration rights. 

shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share with an expiration
date of . The fair value of these warrants was which was recorded as a loss on convertible notes and a corresponding
derivative, determined by using a Black-Scholes valuation model. 

shares of common stock in
the Company at an exercise price of per share as disclosed in note above. The fair value of these warrants was 
determined by using a Black-Scholes valuation model, which fair value was capitalized to purchased technology on the date of grant. 

to 
 
 Risk free interest rate 
 to 
 
 Expected life 
 to years 
 
 Expected volatility of underlying stock 
 to 
 
 Expected dividend rate 

F- 24 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

11 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

d. Warrants (continued) 

Granted 
 
 to 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Exercised 

Outstanding December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Increase in warrants due to debt amendment full rachet trigger 

Cancelled on debt amendment 

Exercised 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

in June 2028. 

shares of common stock. The maximum number of shares of common
stock awarded to any individual during any fiscal year may not exceed shares of common stock. 

F- 25 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

11 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY
(continued) 

e. Stock options (continued) 

in August 2031. 

shares of common stock. 

shares of the Company s common stock. The options are exercisable for a period of from the date of grant, vest in full on the date of grant and have an exercise price of per share. 

shares
of common stock granted to Mr. Fuller on February 22, 2021, from per share to per share, resulting in an immediate
compensation charge of , the remaining terms of the option were unchanged. 

warrants previously issued to Mr. Corbett were cancelled and as a replacement
for the warrants, he was granted options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company at a per share exercise
price of . The options are exercisable for a period of from the date of grant, vesting as to on grant date and the
remaining , equally over a period of 36 months. The option expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . 

shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per
share. The options are exercisable for a period of from the date of grant, vesting as to on grant date and the remaining
 , equally over a period of 36 months. The option expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . 

ten-year incentive stock options, with immediate vesting, to
the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at an exercise price of per share. This resulted in an immediate expense
of for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

shares of Common Stock, with immediate vesting, to each
of its four non-executive directors, totaling options exercisable for shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per
share. This resulted in an immediate expense of for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 26 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

11 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY
(continued) 

e. Stock options (continued) 

to 
 
 Risk free interest rate 
 to 
 
 Expected life 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility of underlying stock 
 to 
 
 Expected dividend rate 

Granted 

Forfeited/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding December 31, 2021 
 
 to 

Granted 

Forfeited/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding December
 31, 2022 
 
 to 

as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 27 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Penalty on extension of maturity date of convertible notes 

Fair value of warrants issued to convertible note holders on extension of maturity date 

Fair value of derivative liability arising on the amendment of the exercise price of convertible notes and the full-rachet trigger on certain warrants issued to convertible note holders 

Value of notes exchanged for certain warrants, net of the derivative liability value of ) 

, of a convertible note
owing to Bellridge for gross proceeds of . 

, in terms of these extensions, the Company incurred penalties which increased the principle outstanding
of these convertible notes in the aggregate amount of . 

shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The fair value of these warrants were determined as on August
30, 2022, using a Black-Scholes valuation model. 

. Each of Cavalry
and Mercer entered into Note Amendment Letter Agreement with the Company (the Note Amendment pursuant to which the parties
agreed that the conversion price of the Notes was reduced from to per share and in addition, resulted in the shares
of common stock underlying the Extension Warrants increasing to shares, in terms of the full-rachet provisions in those warrant
agreements. The change in the conversion price and the increase in the number of warrant shares to be issued at the revised exercise price
of 0.0115per share, resulted in a derivative liability on December 30, 2022 of , determined by using a Black-Scholes valuation
model. 

per share to per share in terms of their
warrant agreements, resulting in an additional derivative liability on December 30, 2022 of , determined by using a Black-Scholes
valuation model. 

each. This resulted in an additional charge of , less the fair value of the derivative
liability of the Original warrants of , valued on December 30, 2022, using a Black-Scholes valuation model. 

F- 28 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to a flat rate of , limitation of the tax deduction for interest expense
to of earnings (except for certain small businesses), limitation of the deduction for net operating losses to of current year
taxable income and generally eliminating net operating loss carrybacks, allowing net operating losses to carryforward without expiration,
one-time taxation of offshore earnings at reduced rates regardless of whether they are repatriated, elimination of U.S. tax on foreign
earnings (subject to certain important exceptions), immediate deductions for certain new investments instead of deductions for depreciation
expense over time, and modifying or repealing many business deductions and credits (including changes to the orphan drug tax credit and
changes to the deductibility of research and experimental expenditures that will be effective in the future). Notwithstanding the
reduction in the corporate income tax rate, the overall impact of the new federal tax law is uncertain, including to what extent various
states will conform to the newly enacted federal tax law. 

State tax expense, net of federal tax effect 

Permanent differences 

Prior year net operating loss true up 

Deferred income tax asset valuation allowance 
 1.302,719

-
 
 -

F- 29 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

13 INCOME TAXES (continued) 

Federal Income Tax - United
States (continued) 

Net operating losses 

Stock based compensation 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax assets 
 -
 
 -

and
 , respectively. The net change in the deferred income tax assets valuation allowance was an increase of and
is primarily attributable to tax operating losses realized during the current year. 

remain open for examination by the federal or state regulatory agencies for purposes
of an audit for tax purposes. 

million in federal and million
in state net operating loss carry forwards, which may be available to offset future taxable income. million of the net operating
losses will begin to expire in 2034 and million has an indefinite life. Due to the uncertainty of the utilization and recoverability
of the loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets, Management has determined a full valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets
since it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realizable. 

Securities issued for services rendered 

F- 30 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

15 NET LOSS PER SHARE (continued) 

Stock options 

Warrants to purchase shares of common stock 

shares
of Common Stock. The options are exercisable for a period of ten years from the date of grant, vest in full on the date of grant and have
an exercise price of per share. 

shares of Common Stock, valued at . 

shares of Common Stock granted to Mr. Fuller on February
22, 2021, from per share to per share. 

shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price of per share. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares
of Common Stock. The options are exercisable for a period of ten years from the date of grant, vest in full on the date of grant and have
an exercise price of per share. 

shares of the Common Stock at an exercise
price of per share. The Board also agreed to increase Mr. Corbett s monthly base salary to . The warrant expense
for Mr. Corbett for the year ended December 31, 2021 was . 

F- 31 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

16 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(continued) 

William
Corbett (continued) 

per month, which shall be paid in accordance with
the Company s standard payroll practice for its executives, managers and salaried employees. In addition, 

shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price of per share. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of Common Stock, valued at . 

per month for financial and capital markets advice.
This consulting agreement commenced in May, 2021 and was approved and ratified by the Board in March 2022. This consulting agreement and
related payments were terminated in September 2022. 

shares of Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share, valued at using a Black Scholes valuation model. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 32 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

16 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(continued) 

Madisson
Corbett (continued) 

shares of Common Stock, valued at . 

shares of
Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, valued at using a Black Scholes valuation model. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of Common Stock, valued at . 

shares
of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, valued at using a Black Scholes valuation model. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The options are being granted pursuant to the Company s 2021 Stock Incentive Plan which was approved
by the Board in August 2021, subject to approval of the 2021 Plan by the shareholders, which approval was obtained at the annual general
meeting held on October 22, 2021. The Options are being granted pursuant to the Company s 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. 

of his annual base salary rate in effect as of the date of termination. If Mr. Rosenblum s
employment with Company is terminated at any time during the term of the Employment Agreement other than for Cause (as defined in the
Employment Agreement), or due to voluntary termination, retirement, death or disability, within 12 months following an Acquisition (as
defined in the Employment Agreement), then Mr. Rosenblum shall be entitled to severance equal to of his annual base salary rate
in effect as of the date of termination. Severance payments shall be subject to execution and delivery of a general release in favor of
the Company. 

F- 33 

INNOVATIVE PAYMENT
SOLUTIONS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

16 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(continued) 

Richard
Rosenblum (continued) 

(ten million) common shares of Company Stock at a per share exercise price equal to the fair market value
of the Common Stock, as reflected in the closing price of the Common Stock on the OTC exchange or, in the event the stock is uplisted,
on a national stock exchange, on the date of grant (the Option ). The First Amendment provided that the Option was
granted on August 31, 2021 at an exercise price of per share. 

restricted shares of Common Stock valued at , all of which
are vested. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, using a Black-Scholes
valuation model.. 

in gross proceeds from the Investors through
the initial closing of a private placement issuance of: 

shares of the Company s common stock (the Common Stock at an exercise price
of per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock combinations, dilutive issuances and similar events). 

per annum, and are convertible into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of per share (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock combinations, dilutive issuances and similar events). The Notes may be prepaid at any time without penalty.
The Company is under no obligation to register the shares of Common Stock underlying the Notes or the Warrants for public resale. 

(the Maximum Percentage of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock immediately after giving effect to such conversion
or exercise. A holder may increase or decrease its beneficial ownership limitation upon notice to the Company provided that in no event
such limitation exceeds , and that any increase shall not be effective until the 61st day after such notice. 

F- 34 

Item 9. Changes in
and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

We have adopted and maintain
disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the
reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report, is collected, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the rules of the SEC. Our disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that such information
is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required under Exchange Act,
Rule 13a-15, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (who is our Principal Executive Officer and our President and Chief
Financial Officer (who is our Principal Financial Officer), after evaluating the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report have concluded that our
disclosure controls are not effective due to a lack of written policies and procedures to address all material transactions and developments
impacting the financial statements. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is also
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15.
Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements.
Management conducted an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework and
criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
2013 COSO ). The COSO framework requires rigid adherence to control principles that require sufficient and adequately trained
personnel to operate the control system. While our management believes that our internal control over financial reporting improved in
2022 due to an upgrade in accounting personnel and efforts to implement segregation of duties as required by COSO based on management s
assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting continued to be ineffective as of December
31, 2022 as a result of continuing insufficient segregation of duties and oversight of work performed in the finance and accounting function
due to limited personnel with the appropriate skill sets. During 2023, our management plans to continue to address these matters with
a view towards remediating the weaknesses. 

Our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and President and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures and
our internal control processes, even if improved, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of error or fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that the breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally,
controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of
the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events,
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time,
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.
However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the
process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

Changes in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

Other than disclosed
above, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) that occurred during our year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

This annual report does
not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us provide only
management s report in this annual report. 

Item 9B. Other
Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure
Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

32 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance 

The table below sets
certain information concerning our executive officers and directors, including their names, ages, anticipated positions with us. Our executive
officers are chosen by our Board and hold their respective offices until their resignation or earlier removal by the Board. 

In accordance with our
Articles of Incorporation, as amended, incumbent directors are elected to serve until our next annual meeting and until each director s
successor is duly elected and qualified. 

Executive Officers
and Directors 

The table below sets
certain information concerning our executive officers and directors, including their names, ages, anticipated positions with us. Our executive
officers are chosen by our board and hold their respective offices until their resignation or earlier removal by the board. 

In accordance with our
Articles of Incorporation, as amended, incumbent directors are elected to serve until our next annual meeting and until each director s
successor is duly elected and qualified. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 William Corbett 
 
 63 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
 
 Richard Rosenblum 
 
 64 
 
 President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 
 
 Clifford Henry 
 
 84 
 
 Director 
 
 Madisson Corbett 
 
 34 
 
 Director 
 
 David Rios 
 
 80 
 
 Director 

Currently, our Board
of Directors consists of five (5) members: William Corbett (Chairman), Richard Rosenblum, Madisson Corbett, Clifford Henry and David
Rios. Except for Ms. Corbett, who is the daughter of Mr. Corbett, there are no family relationships between the members of our Board of
Directors and executive officers. 

The following information
pertains to the members of our board and executive officers, their principal occupations and other public Company directorships for at
least the last five years and information regarding their specific experiences, qualifications, attributes and skills: 

William Corbett, Chairman
of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director. Mr. Corbett has been serving as the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and a Director since August 6, 2019 and as its Chairman since February 22, 2021. He was also the Company s Interim
Chief Financial Officer from August 6, 2019 to July 22, 2021. 

William Corbett has over
thirty years of Wall Street experience. Starting with Bear Stearns in the mid-eighties he became an associate director responsible
for managing over 50 brokers and was subsequently hired by Lehman Brothers where he was one of the top producers in the 1990 s.
In 1995, he co-founded and became CEO of The Shemano Group, a San Francisco investment banking boutique, which developed into one
of the leading banks for funding small cap companies. Mr. Corbett was a managing director at Paulson Investment Co. from October 2013
until October 2016, responsible for West Coast investment banking activities. He also has served as CEO of DPL a lending company,
and a wholly owned subsidiary of DPW Holdings, Inc., from October of 2016 until May 2019. 

Mr. Corbett s
financial experience on Wall Street, specifically with micro-cap companies, we believe provides him with the attributes that make
him a valuable member of the Company s Board of Directors. 

Richard Rosenblum, President,
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director . Mr. Rosenblum has been serving as the Company s President, Chief Financial
Officer and a Director since July 22, 2021. Mr. Rosenblum has also served as the Secretary of the Company since August 26,
2021. 

33 

Richard Rosenblum has
been, since its founding in 1994, Chief Executive Officer and Principal at Harborview Capital Advisors LLC Harborview ),
which provided strategic advisory services in the areas of capital formation, merchant banking and management consulting. Additionally,
Mr. Rosenblum has been the owner of Harborview Property Management HPM for over twenty-five (25) years,
where he invests and manages domestic and international commercial real-estate, and multi-family real-estate assets. From 2008
to 2014, Mr. Rosenblum was a Director, President and Executive Chairman of Alliqua Biomedical Inc. (NASDAQ: ALQA), which developed
and marketed hydrogel manufacturing technology in the wound care sector. His philanthropic and community-centered activities include
being a founding board member of the Dr. David Feit Memorial Foundation (DFM), which for over 15 years raised money for the
benefit and support of youth activities. Since 2018. Effective January 17, 2022, Mr. Rosenblum was appointed as an independent director
to the board of H-Cyte, Inc. H-CYTE is a medical biosciences company with a mission is to become a leader in next-generation, cellular
therapeutics for the treatment of chronic health conditions. Mr. Rosenblum graduated Summa Cum Laude from SUNY Buffalo with a B.A.
in Finance Accounting. 

Mr. Rosenblum s
experience as an executive of a publicly traded company and his financial experience, including in investment banking and as an investor
in publicly traded companies, we believe provide him with the attributes that make him a valuable member of the Company s Board. 

Madisson G. Corbett, Director .
Ms. Madisson G. Corbett was appointed to our Board of Directors in May 2021. Ms. Corbett has extensive experience in sales and
built the sales development organizations at Series A-C tech companies. Ms. Corbett s career in sales began in San Diego,
overseeing global sales and marketing at the top surf wax company in the US. Ms. Corbett then worked at the International Surfing
Association, recognized by the International Olympic, Committee and helped introduce surfing to the Olympics in 2020. After her time in
San Diego, Ms. Corbett began working for various Y Combinator companies including payroll benefits platform, Gusto, hiring
software, Lever, and mental health start up, Modern Health. Presently, Ms. Corbett works for fintech start-up, Brex.com and has been with
the company over the last two years. She built out the entire sales development organization from scratch and oversaw top of funnel
production for the Go To Market Team at Brex.com. Ms. Corbett managed the increase of recurring annual revenue from 20,000,000 to 100,000,000
in just 18 months and her team accounted for 85 of the net new revenue generated during the period. 

We chose Ms. Corbett
to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to her extensive business and finance experience, which makes her a valuable member
of our Board of Directors. 

Clifford W. Henry, Director .
Mr. Clifford W. Henry was appointed to our Board of Directors in May 2021. Mr. Henry is Chairman and CIO of CWH Associates,
an investment management and consulting firm he founded in 1989. CWH is the owner and General Partner of Worthington Growth, LP, one of
the earliest thematic focused, research-driven investment funds specializing in small and mid-cap companies. In addition to
his investment work, Mr. Henry has served a number of companies as a director or advisor. He is also involved extensively in pro
bono work most recently as a Chairman of the Indian River (Florida) Cultural Council and was a founding Chairman of the Board of Trustees
of the Clay Art Center in Port Chester New York. 

We chose Mr. Henry
to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to his extensive business and finance experience, which makes him a valuable member
of our Board of Directors. 

David Rios, Director .
David Rios was appointed to our Board of Directors on July 22, 2021. Mr. Rios is a currently a philanthropist. Prior to turning
to philanthropy approximately ten years ago, Mr. Rios was the founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer of D.F. Rios
Construction, Inc., the largest framing construction company in the state of California, for over 30 years. Mr. Rios was also
President of the California Framers Association and on the Board of Carpenters. Additionally, Mr. Rios sat on the Board of Pan Pacific
Bank where he was instrumental in closing its acquisition by California Bank of Commerce in December 2015. 

We chose Mr. Rios
to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to his extensive business experience, which makes him a valuable member of our Board
of Directors. 

34 

Corporate Governance 

Code of Conduct and Ethics 

Effective as of May 12,
2016, we adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics that applies to, among other persons, our president or chief executive officer as well as
the individuals performing the functions of our chief financial officer, corporate secretary and controller. As adopted, our Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics sets forth written standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: 

honest and ethical conduct,
including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 

full, fair, accurate, timely,
and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to regulatory agencies, including the SEC; 

the prompt internal reporting
of violations of the Code of Conduct and Ethics to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code of Conduct and Ethics; and 

accountability for adherence
to the Code of Conduct and Ethics. 

Our Code of Conduct and
Ethics requires, among other things, that all of our personnel be afforded full access to our president or chief executive officer with
respect to any matter which may arise relating to the Code of Conduct and Ethics. Further, all of our personnel are to be afforded full
access to our Board of Directors if any such matter involves an alleged breach of the Code of Conduct and Ethics by our president or chief
executive officer. 

In addition, our Code
of Conduct and Ethics emphasizes that all employees, and particularly managers and/or supervisors, have a responsibility for maintaining
financial integrity within our company, consistent with generally accepted accounting principles, and federal, provincial and state securities
laws. Any employee who becomes aware of any incidents involving financial or accounting manipulation or other irregularities, whether
by witnessing the incident or being told of it, must report it to his or her immediate supervisor or to our president or chief executive
officer. If the incident involves an alleged breach of the Code of Conduct and Ethics by our president or chief executive officer, the
incident must be reported to any member of our Board of Directors or use of a confidential and anonymous hotline phone number. Any failure
to report such inappropriate or irregular conduct of others is to be treated as a severe disciplinary matter. It is against our company
policy to retaliate against any individual who reports in good faith the violation or potential violation of our Code of Conduct and Ethics
by another. Our Code of Conduct and Ethics is available, free of charge, to any stockholder upon written request to our Corporate Secretary
at Innovative Payment Solutions, 56B 5 th Street, Lot 1, #AT, Carmel by the Sea, California, 93921. A copy
of our Code of Conduct and Ethics can be found at www.ipsipay.com. 

Composition of
the Board 

In accordance with our Articles of Incorporation,
our board is to be elected annually as a single class. 

Board Committees 

We currently do not have
a separate Audit Committee, Nominating, Governance Committee or Compensation Committee. Our full board currently serves as our Audit Committee
and Compensation Committee. Due to the size of our Board of Directors and our company, we believe the structure is sufficient. None of
our directors is considered an Audit Committee financial expert. The Audit Committee will review the results and scope of
the audit and other services provided by the independent auditors and review and evaluate the system of internal controls. The Compensation
Committee will manage any stock option plan we may establish and review and recommend compensation arrangements for the officers. The
Nominating and Governance Committee will assist our Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities and identify, select
and evaluate our Board of Directors and committees. No final determination has yet been made as to the memberships of the other committees. 

We will reimburse all
directors for any expenses incurred in attending directors meetings provided that we have the resources to pay these fees. We will
provide officers and directors liability insurance. 

35 

Leadership Structure 

The chairman of our Board
of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer positions are currently the same person, Mr. Corbett. Our Bylaws do not require our Board of
Directors to separate the roles of chairman and chief executive officer but provides our Board of Directors with the flexibility to determine
whether the two roles should be combined or separated based upon our needs. Our Board of Directors believes the combination
of the chairman and the chief executive officer roles is the appropriate structure for our company at this time. Our Board of Directors
believes the current leadership structure serves as an aid in the Board of Directors oversight of management and it provides us
with sound corporate governance practices in the management of our business. 

Risk Management 

Our Board of Directors
discharges its responsibilities, and assesses the information provided by our management and the independent auditor, in accordance with
its business judgment. Management is responsible for the preparation, presentation, and integrity of the Company s financial
statements, and management is responsible for conducting business in an ethical and risk mitigating manner where decisions are undertaken
with a culture of ownership. Our Board of Directors oversees management in their duty to manage the risk of our company and
each of our subsidiaries. Our Board of Directors regularly reviews information provided by management as management works to manage risks
in the business. Our Board of Directors intends to establish board committees to assist the full Board of Directors oversight by
focusing on risks related to the particular area of concentration of the relevant committee. 

Director Independence 

Our Board of Directors,
in the exercise of its reasonable business judgment, has determined that Clifford Henry and David Rios qualify as independent directors
pursuant to Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5605(a)(2) and applicable SEC rules and regulations. 

Potential Conflicts
of Interest 

Since we did not have
an Audit Committee or Compensation Committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such
committees were performed by our directors. Thus, there was an inherent conflict of interest. 

Delinquent Section
16 reports 

Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 percent of a registered class of
our equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our Common Stock. Such
officers, directors and persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file with
the SEC. 

36 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Summary Compensation
Table 

The following table summarizes all compensation earned in each of the last two fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by our: (i) principal executive officer; (ii) principal accounting officer and (iii) most highly compensated executive officer other than the principal executive officer who was serving as an executive officer of our company as of the end of the last completed fiscal year. The tables below reflect the compensation for the IPSI executive officers who are also named executive officers of the combined company. 

Name and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock awards 
 Option awards 
 All other comp. 
 Total 
 
 William Corbett, 
 2022 
 360,000 
 - 
 251,064 (a) 
 1,090,201 (b) 
 15,632 (d) 
 1,716,897 
 
 Chairman of the Board and 

Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 2021 
 359,640 
 - 
 251,064 (a) 
 910,019 (c) 
 4,327,899 (e) 
 5,848,622 

Richard Rosenblum 
 2022 
 216,000 
 - 
 110,000 (f) 
 111,510 (h) 
 22,645 (j) 
 460,155 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and 

President (2) 
 2021 
 108,000 
 - 
 194,000 (g) 
 381,006 (i) 
 - 
 683,006 

Andrey Novikov 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chief Technology Officer (3) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 45,804 (k) 
 83,500 (l) 
 129,304 

(1) 
 Mr. Corbett was appointed as Chief Executive Officer on August 6, 2019 and appointed as Chairman of the board on February 22, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 Mr. Rosenblum was appointed as our President and Chief Financial Officer on July 22, 2021. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr. Novikov served as our Chief Operating Officer and a director from May 2015 to December 2019, and was appointed our Chief Technology Officer in December 2019. On May 31, 2021, Mr. Novikov resigned as a director and secretary of the Company, and since August 2021, he was suspended from his service as our Chief Technology Officer. On November 11, 2022, with the recommendation of a special committee of disinterested members of our Board of Directors who had reviewed this matter, our Board of Directors approved the formal termination of Mr. Novikov s employment with us as Chief Technology Officer for cause. 
 
 (a) 
 Mr. Corbett was granted 20,495,000 restricted shares of common stock on January 1, 2020, of which 15,371,250 are vested and the remaining 5,123,750 vested on January 1, 2023. 
 
 (b) 
 On July 11, 2022, Mr. Corbett was granted a ten year option exercisable for 15,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.15 per share, of which all vested, in addition, on August 16, 2021, Mr. Corbett was granted an option with a ten-year term exercisable for 20,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.15 per share, of which 14,444,444 are vested and the remaining 5,555,556 vest equally over the next 20 months. 
 
 (c) 
 Mr. Corbett was initially granted a warrant exercisable for 20,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.24 per share on February 22, 2021. On August 16, 2021, the warrant exercisable for 20,000,000 shares of common stock was cancelled and replaced with a ten-year option exercisable for 20,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.15 per share, of which 10,000,000 vested immediately and the remaining 10,000,000 vest equally over the next 36 months. 
 
 (d) 
 Consists of 13,236 of health care expenses and 2,396 of car allowance for the benefit of Mr. Corbett. 
 
 (e) 
 Consists of the value of a warrant exercisable for 20,0000,000 shares
of common stock valued at 4,327,899. 
 
 (f) 
 Mr. Rosenblum was granted 2,000,000 restricted shares of common stock on July 11, 2022, all of which vested immediately. 
 
 (g) 
 Mr. Rosenblum was granted 2,000,000 restricted shares of common stock on April 5, 2021, as an advisory board member prior to being appointed as the Chief Financial Officer, director and president of the Company on July 22, 2021. 
 
 (h) 
 Mr. Rosenblum was granted a ten year option exercisable for 10,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.15 per share on August 31, 2021, of which 7,222,222 are vested and the remaining 2,777,778 vest equally over 20 months. 
 
 (i) 
 Mr. Rosenblum was granted a ten year option exercisable for 10,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.15 per share on August 31, 2021, of which 5,000,000 vested immediately and the remaining 5,000,000 vest equally over 36 months. 
 
 (j) 
 Consists of healthcare reimbursements for the benefit of Mr. Rosenblum. 

(k) 
 On February 22, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company granted Mr. Novikov an option to purchase 208,333 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.24. 
 
 (l) 
 Mr. Novikov was issued shares of common stock valued at 3,000 per month, as partial payment of his base salary, pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement. 

37 

Outstanding Equity
Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The following table lists
the outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers at December 31, 2022: 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable 
 Equity 
Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 
 Option 
Exercisable Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of 
Shares or Units of Stock that have Not Vested 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested 
 Equity 
Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that have 
Not Vested 
 Equity 
Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other 
Rights that have Not Vested 
 
 William Corbett 
 14,444,444 
 5,555,556 
 - 
 0.15 
 8/16/2031 
 5,123,750 
 61,485 
 - 
 - 

15,000,000 
 - 
 - 
 0.15 
 7/11/2032 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Richard Rosenblum 
 7,222,222 
 2,777,778 
 - 
 0.15 
 8/16/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Andrey Novikov (1)
 
 100,000 
 - 
 - 
 0.40 
 12/27/2028 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

208,333 
 - 
 - 
 0.24 
 2/22/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) Since August 2021, Mr. Novikov
was on suspension from his service as our Chief Technology Officer. On November 11, 2022, with the recommendation of a special committee
of disinterested members of our Board of Directors who had reviewed this matter, our Board of Directors approved the formal termination
of Mr. Novikov s employment with us as Chief Technology Officer for cause. 

Agreements with Named
Executive Officers 

William Corbett 

The Company entered into
an executive employment agreement with William Corbett effective June 24, 2020 (as amended, the Corbett Employment Agreement which provided that Mr. Corbett be (i) employed as the Company s Chief Executive Officer for a term of three (3) years, provide
for a base salary of 12,500 per month, (ii) granted a signing bonus of 25,000, (iii) receive a bonus of up to 50 of his the annual
base salary upon the Company s achievement of 2,000,000 EBITDA and additional performance bonus payments as may be determined
by the Company s Board of Directors and (iv) provide for severance in the event of a termination without cause in amount equal to
equal to fifty percent (50 of his annual base salary rate then in effect, provided that if such termination without cause occurs after
an Acquisition of the Company (as defined in the agreement), Mr. Corbett will be entitled to receive severance in an amount equal to equal
to 100 of his annual base salary rate then in effect. 

Further, pursuant to
the Corbett Employment Agreement, the Company granted Mr. Corbett 5,123,750 shares of the Company s common stock, which are fully
vested and not subject to forfeiture. 

On June 24, 2020, the
Company entered into a restricted stock agreement with Mr. Corbett pursuant to which the Company granted him a restricted stock award
of 15,371,250 shares of the Company s common stock, with such shares are subject to forfeiture and which forfeiture restriction
lapse 33 , 33 and 34 , respectively, on the first, second and third anniversary of the date of grant. 

On June 24, 2020, the
Company entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Corbett to indemnify him, in connection with his position of employment with
the Company and in the discharge of his duties and responsibilities to the Company, to the maximum extent allowed under the laws of the
State of Nevada. The Company is not required or obligated to indemnify Mr. Corbett to extent it would violate the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

On December 14, 2020,
the Company entered into an amendment to the Corbett Employment Agreement whereby the Company agreed to increase Mr. Corbett s base
salary to 20,000 per month and to pay Mr. Corbett a bonus of 20,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

On February 22, 2021,
the Board of Directors of the Company appointed William Corbett, its Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, as its
Chairman of the board and issued him a five-year warrant to purchase 20,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of 0.24. The board also agreed to increase Mr. Corbett s monthly base salary to 30,000. 

38 

On August 16, 2021, the
Company and Mr. Corbett entered into an Executive Employment Agreement that replaced and superseded the previous executive employment
agreement (the August 2021 Corbett Employment Agreement ). The purpose of the August 2021 Corbett Employment Agreement was
to provide a replacement grant for warrants previously granted to Mr. Corbett under the terms of his previous employment agreement with
the Company. Pursuant to the August 2021 Corbett Employment Agreement, Mr. Corbett would continue to serve as the Company s Chief
Executive Officer on a full time basis effective as of the date of the August 2021 Corbett Employment Agreement until the close of business
on December 31, 2024. Mr. Corbett s base salary will be 30,000 per month, which shall be paid in accordance with the Company s
standard payroll practice for its executives, managers and salaried employees. In addition, the August 2021 Corbett Employment Agreement
provides that: (1) Mr. Corbett will be eligible for a cash bonus as determined by the board to the extent the Company achieves (or exceeds)
annual revenue or other financial performance objectives established by the board, in its sole discretion, from time to time; (2) the
Company will grant to Mr. Corbett options to purchase 20,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company at a per share exercise
price of 0.15; and (3) a car allowance for Mr. Corbett in the amount of 800 per month. Fifty percent (50 of the shares subject
to the options shall vest on the grant date and the other 50 of the shares subject to the option shall vest at the rate of 1/36
per month over a three-year period. The options will be exercisable for a period of ten years after the date of grant and the Company
shall provide for cashless exercise of the option. The options are being granted pursuant to the Company s 2021 Stock Incentive
Plan. 

In addition, the Company
and Mr. Corbett entered into an Indemnification Agreement on August 16, 2021 (the August 2021 Corbett Indemnification Agreement ),
pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Corbett to indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by or under the
Nevada Corporation Law in respect of claims, including third-party claims and derivative claims and provides for advancement of expenses.
The August 2021 Corbett Indemnification Agreement amends the indemnification agreement in effect prior to entering into the August 2021
Corbett Indemnification Agreement to provide that unless Company shall pay Mr. Corbett s attorneys fees and costs, including
the compensation and expenses of any arbitrator, unless the arbitrator or the court determines that (a) Company has no liability in such
dispute, or (b) the action or claims by Executive are frivolous in nature. In any other case or matter, the Company and Mr. Corbett shall
each bear its or his own attorney fees and costs. 

Richard Rosenblum 

On July 22, 2021, the
Company appointed Richard Rosenblum as President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. In addition, Mr. Rosenblum was elected to
the Board of Directors of the Company to serve until the Company s next annual meeting of shareholders. 

On July 27, 2021, the
Company and Mr. Rosenblum entered into an Executive Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement ), pursuant to which Mr.
Rosenblum will serve as the Company s President and Chief Financial Officer on a full time basis effective as of July 1. The effectiveness
of the Employment Agreement is subject to the approval of the Employment Agreement by the board, unless earlier terminated as provided
in the Employment Agreement. The term of the Employment Agreement is until December 31, 2024. Mr. Rosenblum s base salary will be
 18,000 per month. In addition, the Employment Agreement provides that: (1) Mr. Rosenblum will be eligible for a cash bonus as determined
by the board to the extent the Company achieves (or exceeds) annual revenue or other financial performance objectives established by the
board, in its sole discretion, from time to time; and (2) the Company will grant to Mr. Rosenblum options to purchase 10,000,000 shares
of common stock of the Company at a per share exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock, as reflected
in the closing price of the Company s common shares on the OTC exchange or, in the event the stock is up listed, on the NASDAQ exchange,
on the date of grant (the Options . Fifty percent (50 of the shares subject to the Options shall vest on the grant
date and the other 50 of the shares subject to the Option shall vest at the rate of 1/36 per month over a three-year period. The Options
will be exercisable for a period of ten (10) years after the date of grant and the Company shall provide for cashless exercise of the
Option by Executive. The Options are being granted pursuant to the Company s 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. 

If Mr. Rosenblum s
employment with Company is terminated at any time during the term of the Employment Agreement other than for Cause (as defined in the
Employment Agreement), or due to voluntary termination, retirement, death or disability, then Mr. Rosenblum shall be entitled to severance
equal to fifty percent (50 of his annual base salary rate in effect as of the date of termination. If Mr. Rosenblum s employment
with Company is terminated at any time during the term of the Employment Agreement other than for Cause (as defined in the Employment
Agreement), or due to voluntary termination, retirement, death or disability, within 12 months following an Acquisition (as defined in
the Employment Agreement), then Mr. Rosenblum shall be entitled to severance equal to 100 of his annual base salary rate in effect
as of the date of termination. Severance payments shall be subject to execution and delivery of a general release in favor of the Company. 

On August 16, 2021, the
Company entered into an amendment to the Rosenblum Executive Employment Agreement (the First Amendment with Mr. Rosenblum.
Under the terms of the Executive Employment Agreement, the Company had agreed to grant to Mr. Rosenblum an option to purchase 10,000,000 (ten
million) common shares of Company Stock at a per share exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock,
as reflected in the closing price of the Company s common shares on the OTC exchange or, in the event the stock is uplisted, on
the NASDAQ exchange, on the date of grant (the Option ). The First Amendment provided that the Option was granted
on August 31, 2021 at an exercise price of 0.15. 

In addition, the Company
and Mr. Rosenblum entered into an Indemnification Agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Rosenblum to indemnify
Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by or under the Nevada Corporation Law in respect of claims, including third-party claims and
derivative claims and provides for advancement of expenses. 

39 

Director Compensation 

Board of Directors
Compensation 

The executive directors
were not paid any fees for their service as directors; however, each of Messrs. Rosenblum and Corbett received compensation for service
as officers of Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. 

The following table sets
forth information for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 regarding the compensation of our directors who on December 31, 2022 were
not also our named executive officers. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Option Awards 
 Other 
 Total 
 
 James Fuller (1)(5) 
 24,000 
 7,993 
 - 
 31,993 
 
 Clifford Henry (2)(5) 
 27,000 
 7,993 
 31,500 
 66,493 
 
 Madisson Corbett (3)(5) 
 27,000 
 7,993 
 - 
 34,993 
 
 David Rios (4)(5) 
 27,000 
 7,993 
 - 
 34,993 

(1) 
 On September 13, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company granted Mr. Fuller an option to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.04 per share. Mr. Fuller voluntarily resigned as a member of the Board of Directors effective as of our 2022 annual meeting of shareholders which occurred on November 3, 2022. 

(2) 
 On September 13, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company granted Mr. Henry an option to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.04 per share. Mr. Henry earned a consulting fee of 3,000 per month for the period January 1, 2022 to July 31, 2022, the consulting agreement was effectively terminated on July 31, 2022. 

(3) 
 On September 13, 2022, the Company granted Ms. Corbett, a director of the Company, an option to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.04 per share. 

(4) 
 On September 13, 2022, the Company granted Mr. Rios, a director of the Company, an option to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.04 per share. 

(5) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the following table sets forth the number of aggregate outstanding stock awards held by each of our directors who were not also named executive officers: 

Aggregate 

Number of 
 
 Name 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Clifford Henry (1) 
 2,200,000 
 
 Madisson Corbett (2) 
 2,200,000 
 
 David Rios (3) 
 1,200,000 

(1) 
 
 On July 22, 2021, the Company granted Mr. Henry,
 a director of the Company, 2,000,000 shares of restricted common stock pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, which was
 approved by the Board of Directors in August 2021, subject to approval of the 2021 Plan by the shareholders, which approval was obtained
 at the annual general meeting held on October 22, 2021. 
 
 On September 13, 2022, the Board of Directors
 of the Company granted Mr. Henry an option to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.04
 per share. 

(2) 
 
 On July 22, 2021, the Company granted Ms. Corbett,
 a director of the Company, 2,000,000 shares of restricted common stock pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, which was
 approved by the Board of Directors in August 2021, subject to approval of the 2021 Plan by the shareholders, which approval was obtained
 at the annual general meeting held on October 22, 2021. 
 
 On September 13, 2022, the Company granted Ms.
 Corbett, a director of the Company, an option to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.04
 per share. 

(3) 
 
 On July 22, 2021, the Company granted Mr. Rios,
 a director of the Company, 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, which was
 approved by the Board of Directors in August 2021, subject to approval of the 2021 Plan by the shareholders, which approval was obtained
 at the annual general meeting held on October 22, 2021. 
 
 On September 13, 2022, the Company granted Mr.
 Rios, a director of the Company, an option to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.04
 per share. 

Each director is reimbursed
for travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending board of director and committee meetings. 

40 

Equity Compensation
Plan Information 

The purpose of our equity
incentive plans is to promote the interests of our company and our stockholders by providing directors, officers, employees and consultants
of our company with appropriate incentives and rewards to encourage them to enter into and continue in the employ or service of our company,
to acquire a proprietary interest in our long-term success and to reward the performance of individuals in fulfilling long-term corporate
objectives. 

On June 18, 2018,
we established our 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Plan terminates after a period of ten years in June 2028.
The Plan is administered by our board of directors, or a committee appointed by our board of directors who have the authority to administer
the Plan and to exercise all the powers and authorities specifically granted to it under the Plan. 

The maximum number of
securities available under the Plan is 800,000 shares of Common Stock. The maximum number of shares of Common Stock awarded to any
individual during any fiscal year may not exceed 100,000 shares of Common Stock. 

On October 22, 2021,
our board of directors and stockholders established our 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The 2021 Plan terminates
after a period of ten years in August 2031. 

The maximum number of
securities available under the 2021 Plan is 53,000,000 shares of Common Stock. 

Under the 2021 Plan,
we may award the following: (i) non-qualified stock options; (ii)) incentive stock options; (iii) stock appreciation rights;
(iv) restricted stock; (v) restricted stock unit; and (vi) other stock-based awards. 

The following table shows
the information regarding our equity incentive plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 516,666 
 0.23 
 283,334 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 45,800,000 
 0.15 
 7,200,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 46,316,666 
 0.15 
 7,483,334 

41 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets
forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 30, 2023 for: 

each of our directors and nominees
for director; 

each of our named executive
officers; 

all of our current directors
and executive officers as a group; and 

each person, entity or group,
who beneficially owned more than 5 of each of our classes of securities. 

We have based our calculations
of the percentage of beneficial ownership on 376,901,679 shares of our common stock on March 30, 2023. We have deemed shares of our
common stock subject to options and warrants that are currently exercisable within sixty (60) days of March 30, 2023, to be outstanding
and to be beneficially owned by the person holding the warrant or restricted stock unit for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of that person. We did not deem these, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise
indicated, the principal business address for each of the individuals and entities listed below is 56B 5 th Street, Lot
1 #AT, Carmel by the Sea, CA 93921. 

We have not deemed shares
of common stock to be outstanding for variable priced convertible notes for the purposes of calculating beneficial ownership. 

The information provided
in the table is based on our records, information filed with the SEC, and information provided to us, except where otherwise noted. 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Common Stock Included 
 Percentage
 of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 
 William Corbett
 (Chief Executive Officer) 
 51,328,333 (1) 
 12.6 
 
 Richard Rosenblum (President
 and Chief Financial Officer) 
 11,916,667 (2) 
 3.1 
 
 Clifford Henry (Director) 
 2,200,000 (3) 

Madisson Corbett (Director) 
 2,200,000 (4) 

David Rios (Director) 
 1,200,000 (5) 

All officers
 and directors as a group (5 persons) 
 68,845,000 
 16.5 

5 or more shareholders 

Jimmy J. Gibbs 
 18,992,912 (6) 
 5.0 

Excludes any shares deemed to
be outstanding on variable priced convertible securities. 

Less than 1 

(1) Includes (i) 20,495,000 restricted
shares of common stock of which none are subject to forfeiture restrictions and which forfeiture restriction lapsed on January 1, 2023.
(ii) a ten year option granted to Mr. Corbett on August 16, 2021 exercisable for 20,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 15,833,333
are vested (inclusive of 555,555 options which vest within sixty days of March 31, 2023) and a further 4,166,667 are subject to vesting
on a monthly basis through August 16, 2024, and (iii) a ten year option granted to Mr. Corbett on July 11, 2022 exercisable for 15,000,000
shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.15, all of which are vested. 

(2) Consists of 4,000,000 shares
of restricted common stock and options exercisable for 10,000,000 shares of common stock of which 7,916,667 are vested (inclusive
of 277,778 options which vest within sixty days of March 31, 2023) and a further 2,083,333 are subject to vesting on a monthly basis
through August 16, 2024. 

(3) Consists of 2,000,000 shares
of restricted common stock and a ten year option granted to Mr. Henry on September 15, 2022 exercisable for 200,000 shares of common
stock at an exercise price of 0.037,all of which are vested. 

(4) Consists of 2,000,000 shares
of restricted common stock and a ten year option granted to Ms. Corbett on September 15, 2022 exercisable for 200,000 shares of common
stock at an exercise price of 0.037, all of which are vested. 

(5) Consists of 1,000,000 shares
of restricted common stock and a ten year option granted to Mr. Rios on September 15, 2022 exercisable for 200,000 shares of common
stock at an exercise price of 0.037, all of which are vested. 

(6) Consists of (i) 18,816,412 shares
of common stock held by Gibbs International Inc; and (ii) 106,500 shares of common stock held by Gibbs Investment Holdings, LLC,
of which Mr. Gibbs is an equity holder and controller. The business address for each of Mr. Gibbs, Gibbs International, Inc.,
and Gibbs Investment Holdings, LLC is 9855 Warren H. Abernathy Highway, Spartanburg, South Carolina 29301. This information is based
solely on the information disclosed by Mr. Jimmy I. Gibbs on Schedule 13G/A filed on January 31, 2020. 

42 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

Transactions with Related Persons 

The following includes
a summary of any transaction occurring during the year ended December 31, 2022 for us and our subsidiaries or any proposed transaction,
in which we and our subsidiaries were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds 1 of the average of our
total assets for at year end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest (other than compensation described under Executive Compensation above). We believe the terms obtained
or consideration that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms
available or the amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions: 

William Corbett 

On July
11, 2022, the Company granted Mr. Corbett ten-year options exercisable for 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price of 0.15 per share. 

Richard Rosenblum 

On July
11, 2022, the Company granted Mr. Rosenblum 2,000,000 restricted shares of Common Stock valued at 110,000, all of which are
vested. 

Clifford Henry 

On September
13, 2022, the Company granted Mr. Henry, immediately vesting, ten-year options exercisable for 200,000 shares of Common Stock
at an exercise price of 0.04 per share, valued at 7,993 using a Black Scholes valuation model. 

Madisson Corbett 

On September
13, 2022, the Company granted Ms. Corbett, immediately vesting, ten-year options exercisable for 200,000 shares of Common Stock
at an exercise price of 0.04 per share, valued at 7,993 using a Black Scholes valuation model. 

David Rios 

On September
13, 2022, the Company granted Mr. Rios, immediately vesting, ten-year options exercisable for 200,000 shares of Common
Stock at an exercise price of 0.04 per share, valued at 7,993 using a Black Scholes valuation model. 

Item 14. Principal
Accountant Fees and Services 

RBSM LLP serves as our independent registered
public accounting firm. 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Fees and Services 

The following table sets forth the aggregate
fees including expenses billed to us for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by our auditors: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees and expenses 
 130,500 
 88,000 
 
 Taxation preparation fees 
 10,000 
 - 
 
 Audit related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other fees 
 - 
 - 

140,500 
 88,000 

(1) Audit fees and expenses were for
professional services rendered for the audit and reviews of the consolidated financial statements of the Company, professional services
rendered for issuance of consents and assistance with review of documents filed with the SEC. 

Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Practice 

Prior to our engagement
of our independent auditor, such engagement was approved by our board of directors. The services provided under this engagement may include
audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any
pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. Pursuant
our requirements, the independent auditors and management are required to report to our board of directors at least quarterly regarding
the extent of services provided by the independent auditors in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed
to date. Our board of directors may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. All audit-related fees, tax fees and
other fees incurred by us for the year ended December 31, 2022, were approved by our board of directors. 

43 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules and Reports on Form 10-K 

(a)(2) 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the required information is either inapplicable or included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or related notes. 

(a)(3) 
 The following exhibits are either filed as part of this report or are incorporated herein by reference: 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 12, 2016, by and among Asiya Pearls, Inc., QPAGOS Merge, Inc. and Qpagos Corporation (Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-192877) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on May 13, 2016) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
 333-192877) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 16, 2013) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-192877) filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on May 13, 2016) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K (File No. 333-192877) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 2, 2016) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2018) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (Name Change) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2019) 
 
 4.1# 
 
 2018
 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C (File No. 000-55648)
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 14, 2018) 
 
 4.2# 
 
 2021
 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 000-55648)
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 15, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant
 issued to Pinz Capital Special Opportunities Fund, LP., dated August 5, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 6, 2020) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form
 of Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on February 3, 2021) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form
 of Original Issue Discount 12.5 Convertible Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File
 No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2021) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form
 of Warrant Agreement, dated February 16, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2021) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated February 22, 2021, issued to William D. Corbett (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report
 on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2021) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form
 of Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2021) 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2021) 
 
 4.10 
 
 Description
 of Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2022) 
 
 4.11 
 
 Extension
 with Cavalry Fund I LP, dated February 3, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File
 No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 8, 2022). 

4.12 
 
 Extension
 with Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC, dated February 3, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 8, 2022) 
 
 4.13 
 
 Extension
 Letter Agreement with Cavalry Fund I LP, dated August 30, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 2, 2022) 
 
 4.14 
 
 Extension
 Letter Agreement with Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC, dated August 30, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 2, 2022). 

44 

4.15 
 
 Promissory Note (Warrant Exchange), dated December 30, 2022, by the Company in favor of Cavalry Fund I LP. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5, 2023) 
 
 4.16 
 
 Promissory Note (Warrant Exchange) for Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5, 2023) 
 
 10.1# 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. and William Corbett, effective June 24, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8- K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2020) 
 
 10.2# 
 
 Restricted Stock Agreement between Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. and William Corbett, effective June 24, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2020) 
 
 10.3# 
 
 Indemnification Agreement between Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. and William Corbett, effective June 24, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2020) 
 
 10.4# 
 
 Amendment, dated December 14, 2020, to the Executive Employment Agreement between Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. and William Corbett (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 16, 2020) 
 
 10.5# 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. and Richard Rosenblum, effective July 27, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8- K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 28, 2021) 
 
 10.6# 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. and Richard Rosenblum, First Amendment, effective August 16, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8- K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 20, 2021) 
 
 10.7# 
 
 Indemnification Agreement between Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. and Richard Rosenblum, effective August 20, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 20, 2021) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 3, 2021) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 3, 2021) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 16, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2021) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 16, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2021) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Note Amendment, dated December 30, 2022, between the Company and Cavalry Fund I LLP (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5, 2023). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Note Amendment, dated December 30, 2022, between the Company and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, L.L.C. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5, 2023) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-192877) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2016) 
 
 21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-55648) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2021) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (RBSM LLP). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of William Corbett, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Richard Rosenblum, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of William Corbett, Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Richard Rosenblum, Chief Financial pursuant to Section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Assignment and Transfer Agreement by and between Pinz Capital Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. and Cavalry Fund I LP, dated October 20, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-250132) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 16, 2020) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Inline Cover Page Interaction Data File (embedded within the Inline XBLR document) 

Filed herewith. 

Previously filed. 
 
 # 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable 

45 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned. 

Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ William Corbett 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 William Corbett 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ William Corbett 

William Corbett 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard Rosenblum 

Richard Rosenblum 
 Chief Financial Officer, President and Director 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Clifford Henry 

Clifford Henry 

Director 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Madisson Corbett 

Madisson Corbett 

Director 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ David Rios 

David Rios 

Director 

46 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1_innovative.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED ACCOUNTING FIRM (RBSM LLP)

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. 

We hereby consent to use in this Form 10-K of
Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc. our report dated March 31, 2023 which includes an explanatory paragraph regarding the substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern relating to the financial statements of Innovative Payment Solutions,
Inc. (the Company ), appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ RBSM LLP 

New York, NY 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_innovative.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 OR RULE 

 15d-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, William Corbett, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc.: 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ William Corbett 

William Corbett 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_innovative.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 OR RULE 

 15d-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Richard Rosenblum, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Innovative Payment Solutions, Inc.: 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Richard Rosenblum 

Richard Rosenblum 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_innovative.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Innovative
Payment Solutions, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William Corbett, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ William Corbett 

William Corbett 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_innovative.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Innovative
Payment Solutions, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard Rosenblum, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard Rosenblum 

Richard Rosenblum 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 qpag-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 qpag-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 qpag-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 qpag-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 qpag-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

