<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_845385_0001213900-23-024619.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9583918</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>288222</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1327902</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3731088</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1689774</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2133839</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024619.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330160350
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024619
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PRINCETON CAPITAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000845385
		IRS NUMBER:				463516073
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00710
		FILM NUMBER:		23780597

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 TURNPIKE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			NORTH ANDOVER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01845
		BUSINESS PHONE:		978-794-3366

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 TURNPIKE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			NORTH ANDOVER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01845

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REGAL ONE Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090730

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REGAL ONE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930929

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024619.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_princetoncap.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number 

PRINCETON CAPITAL CORPORATION 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Common Stock, par value .001 per share 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one.) 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately based on the closing price of 0.265 per share on
the Over the Counter Pink Open Market on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter. 

As of March 30, 2023, there were 
shares of common stock, .001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Certain exhibits previously filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission are incorporated by reference into Part IV of this report. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 20 
 
 Item 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 20 
 
 Item 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 20 
 
 Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 20 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 21 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 23 
 
 Item 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 23 
 
 Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK 
 33 
 
 Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 34 
 
 Item 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 35 
 
 Item 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 35 
 
 Item 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 35 
 
 Item 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 
 35 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 36 
 
 Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 39 
 
 Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 40 
 
 Item 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 41 
 
 Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 43 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 45 

SIGNATURES 
 46 

- i - 

PART I 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except
as otherwise indicated, the terms we, us, our, and the Company refer to Princeton
Capital Corporation and House Hanover refers to our investment adviser House Hanover, LLC. Some of the statements in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events, future performance or financial condition.
These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the
forward-looking statements for any reason, including those factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in the
report. 

Item 1. BUSINESS 

Overview and Background 

Princeton Capital Corporation s predecessor
was initially incorporated in Florida in 1959 as Electro-Mechanical Services, Inc. In 1998, it changed its name from Electro-Mechanical
Services, Inc. to Regal One Corporation Regal One ). In 2005, the then board of directors of Regal One determined it would
be in the best interest of shareholders to change the focus of Regal One s operations to providing financial services through a
network of advisors and professionals. 

On July 14, 2014, Regal One, the Company (then
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Regal One), Capital Point Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership CPP ), and Capital Point
Partners II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership CPPII and, together with CPP, the Partnerships ), entered
into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement pursuant to which we would acquire certain equity and debt investments
of the Partnerships in exchange for shares of common stock. In addition to the customary conditions to closing the transactions contemplated
by the Purchase Agreement, Regal One was required to (i) effect a reverse stock split of its then outstanding common stock at a ratio
of 1-for-2, (ii) reincorporate from Florida to Maryland by merging with and into the Company with the Company continuing as the surviving
corporation (the Reincorporation and (iii) become an externally managed business development company BDC by entering into an external investment advisory agreement with Princeton Investment Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

On March 13, 2015, following the reverse stock
split and the Reincorporation, we completed our acquisition in the approximate amounts of 11.2 million in cash, 43.5 million in equity
 debt investments, and 1.9 million in restricted cash escrow deposits of the Partnerships with an aggregate value of approximately
 56.6 million and issued approximately 115.5 million shares of our common stock to the Partnerships. The shares issued were based on a
pre-valuation presumed fair value of 60.9 million. 

On December 27, 2017, following the resignation
of our former President, Chief Executive Officer, and director of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board approved (specifically in accordance with Rule 15a-4(b)(1)(ii) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act 
or 1940 Act )) and authorized the Company to enter into an Interim Investment Advisory Agreement between the Company and
House Hanover, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company House Hanover (the Interim Investment Advisory Agreement ),
in accordance with Rule 15a-4 of the Investment Company Act. The effective date of the Interim Investment Advisory Agreement was January
1, 2018. 

On April 5, 2018, the Board, including a majority
of the independent directors, conditionally approved the Investment Advisory Agreement between the Company and House Hanover (the House
Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders at the 2018 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders. The House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement replaced the Interim Investment Advisory Agreement. On May 30, 2018, the
Company s stockholders approved the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement. The effective date of the House Hanover Investment
Advisory Agreement was May 31, 2018. The House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement was last annually renewed by the Board and by a majority
of the members of the Board who are not parties to the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement or interested persons 
(as such term is defined in the 1940 Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act and the House Hanover
Investment Advisory Agreement on May 9, 2022. 

- 1 - 

Since January 1, 2018, House Hanover has acted
as our investment advisor under the Interim Investment Advisory Agreement (from January 1, 2018 until May 31, 2018) and the House Hanover
Investment Advisory Agreement (since May 31, 2018). 

The full text of the House Hanover Investment
Advisory Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2018 and incorporated by reference therein. A summary
of the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement is set forth herein. 

On November 15, 2019, our Board announced that
the Company has initiated a strategic review process to identify, examine, and consider a range of strategic alternatives available to
the Company, including but not limited to, (i) selling the Company s assets to a business development company or other potential
buyer, (ii) merging with another business development company, (iii) liquidating the Company s assets in accordance with a plan
of liquidation, (iv) raising additional funds for the Company, or (v) otherwise entering into another business combination, with the objective
of maximizing stockholder value. On August 19, 2021, we provided an update with respect to our strategic review process and reported that
the process was ongoing and that our options have been enhanced by significant valuation growth in our portfolio. As of December 31, 2022
and through the date of filing this Annual Report, the Company has not entered into any agreements regarding any strategic alternative. 

The following discussion describes the Company
as of December 31, 2022 as it relates to the financial statements covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and as of the latest practicable
date for other information about the Company. 

General 

We are an externally managed, non-diversified,
closed-end investment company that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. While we have sought to invest primarily in
private small and lower middle-market companies in various industries through first lien loans, second lien loans, unsecured loans, unitranche
and mezzanine debt financing, often times with a corresponding equity investment, we are now (with a strategic alternatives process underway
and limited resources) investing only in current investments and otherwise conserving cash. Our investment objective is to maximize the
total return to our stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation through debt and related equity investments in
private small and lower middle-market companies. Since January 1, 2018, we have been managed by House Hanover, LLC, who also provides
some of the administrative services necessary for us to operate. 

As a BDC, we must not acquire any assets other
than qualifying assets specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70 of our total
assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying assets include investments in eligible portfolio companies. 
Under the relevant Securities and Exchange Commission SEC rules, the term eligible portfolio company includes
all private companies, companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange, and certain public companies that
have listed their securities on a national securities exchange and have a market capitalization of less than 250 million, in each case
organized in the United States. 

Our investment objective is to maximize the total
return to our stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation by: 

accessing the extensive origination channels that have been developed and established by our investment advisor that include long-standing relationships with private equity firms, commercial banks, investment banks and other financial services firms; 

investing in what we believe to be companies with strong business fundamentals, generally within our core small and lower middle-market company focus; 

focusing on a variety of industry sectors, including business services, energy, general industrial, government services, healthcare, software and specialty finance; 

directly originating transactions rather than participating in broadly syndicated financings; 

applying the disciplined underwriting standards that our investment advisor has developed over their extensive investing careers; and 

capitalizing upon the experience and resources of our investment advisor to monitor our investments. 

- 2 - 

As a BDC, we are required to comply with regulatory
requirements, including limitations on our use of debt. We are permitted to, and expect to continue to, finance our investments through
borrowings. However, as a BDC, we are only generally allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act,
equals at least 200 after such borrowing. The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on our assessment of market conditions and
other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing, such as the maturity, covenant package and rate structure of the proposed borrowings,
our ability to raise funds through the issuance of our securities and the risks of such borrowings within the context of our investment
outlook. Ultimately, we only intend to use leverage if the expected returns from borrowing to make investments will exceed the cost of
such borrowings. 

The Company will be taxed as a C corporation and
subject to federal and state corporation income taxes for its 2022, 2021 and 2020 taxable years. 

Our principal executive office is located at 800
Turnpike Street, Suite 300, North Andover, Massachusetts 01845, and our telephone number is (978) 794-3366. We maintain a website on the
Internet at www.princetoncapitalcorp.com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report
on Form 10-K and you should not consider information contained on our website to be part of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

House Hanover 

Since January 1, 2018, House Hanover manages our
investment activities and is responsible for analyzing investment opportunities, conducting research and performing due diligence on potential
investments, negotiating and structuring our investments, originating prospective investments and monitoring our investments and portfolio
companies on an ongoing basis. House Hanover is a registered investment adviser and is wholly owned by Sema4, Inc. 

House Hanover is headquartered in North Andover,
Massachusetts. 

Managerial Assistance 

As a BDC, we offer, and must provide upon request,
managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies,
participating in board of directors and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing
other organizational and financial guidance. House Hanover will provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies
that request this assistance. We may receive fees for these services and will reimburse House Hanover for its allocated costs in providing
such assistance, subject to the review by our board of directors, including our independent directors. 

Competition 

Our primary competitors in providing financing
to small and lower middle-market companies include public and private funds, other BDC s, commercial and investment banks, commercial
financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors
are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. In addition, some of our
competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments
and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the
1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or to the distribution and other requirements we must satisfy to qualify as a regulated investment company
or RIC . The Company did not meet the qualifications of a RIC for the 2022 tax year and will be taxed as a corporation under
Subchapter C of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ). It may not be in the best interests of the Company s
stockholders to elect to be taxed as a RIC at the present time due to the net operating losses and capital loss carryforwards the Company
currently has. Further, we do not expect to meet the qualifications of a RIC until such time as certain strategic alternatives are achieved.
Management will make a determination that is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. 

- 3 - 

Employees 

We do not have any direct employees, and our day-to-day
investment operations are managed by House Hanover. We have a chief executive officer and president, chief financial officer and chief
compliance officer. To the extent necessary, our board of directors may hire additional personnel going forward. Our officers are employees
or consultants of our investment advisor and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief executive officer and president, chief financial
officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs is paid by us pursuant to the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement. 

Management Agreements 

Effective as of January 1, 2018, House Hanover
serves as our investment advisor and is registered as an investment advisor under the 1940 Act. 

Summary of House Hanover Investment Advisory
Agreement 

Advisory Services 

House Hanover is registered as an investment adviser
under the 1940 Act and serves as the Company s investment advisor pursuant to the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement in
accordance with the 1940 Act. House Hanover is owned by and an affiliate of Mr. Mark DiSalvo, the Company s Interim President, Interim
Chief Executive Officer, and a director of the Company. 

Subject to supervision by the Company s
Board, House Hanover oversees the Company s day-to-day operations and provides the Company with investment advisory services. Under
the terms of the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement, House Hanover, among other things: (i) determines the composition and allocation
of the portfolio of the Company, the nature and timing of the changes therein and the manner of implementing such changes; (ii) identifies,
evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments made by the Company; (iii) executes, closes, services and monitors the Company s
investments; (iv) determines the securities and other assets that the Company shall purchase, retain, or sell; (v) performs due diligence
on prospective portfolio companies; (vi) provides the Company with such other investment advisory, research and related services as the
Company may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of its funds; and (vii) if directed by the Board, assists in the
execution and closing of the sale of the Company s assets or a sale of the equity of the Company in one or more transactions. House
Hanover s services under the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement may not be exclusive and it is free to furnish similar
services to other entities so long as its services to the Company are not impaired. At the request of the Company, House Hanover,
upon any transition of the Company s investment advisory relationship to another investment advisor or upon any internalization,
shall provide reasonable transition assistance to the Company and any successor investment advisor. 

Advisory Fee 

Pursuant to the House Hanover Investment Advisory
Agreement, the Company pays House Hanover a base management fee for investment advisory and management services. The cost of the base
management fee is ultimately borne by the Company s stockholders. The House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement does not contain
an incentive fee component. 

The base management fee is calculated at an annual
rate of 1.00 of the Company s gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage and excluding
cash and cash equivalents net of all indebtedness of the Company for borrowed money and other liabilities of the Company. The base management
fee is payable quarterly in arrears, and determined as set forth in the preceding sentence at the end of the two most recently completed
calendar quarters. The Board may retroactively adjust the valuation of the Company s assets and the resulting calculation of the
base management fee in the event the Company or any of its assets are sold or transferred to an independent third party or the Company
or House Hanover receives an audit report or other independent third party valuation of the Company. To the extent that any such adjustment
increases or decreases the base management fee of any prior period, the Company will be obligated to pay the amount of increase to House
Hanover or House Hanover will be obligated to refund the decreased amount, as applicable. House Hanover is allowing management fees to
accrue and not be paid to allow the Company to build its cash balance and analyze the best use of its available funds. 

- 4 - 

Payment of Expenses 

House Hanover bears all compensation expense (including
health insurance, pension benefits, payroll taxes and other compensation related matters) of its employees and consultants and bears the
costs of any salaries or directors fees of any officers or directors of the Company who are affiliated persons (as defined in the
1940 Act) of House Hanover. However, House Hanover, subject to approval by the Board of the Company, is entitled to reimbursement for
the portion of any compensation expense and the costs of any salaries of any such employees to the extent attributable to services performed
by such employees for the Company. During the term of the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement, House Hanover will also bear all
of its costs and expenses for office space rental, office equipment, utilities and other non-compensation related overhead allocable to
performance of its obligations under the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement. 

Except as provided in the preceding paragraph
the Company reimburses House Hanover all direct and indirect costs and expenses incurred by it during the term of the House Hanover Investment
Advisory Agreement for: (i) due diligence of potential investments of the Company, (ii) monitoring performance of the Company s
investments, (iii) serving as officers of the Company, (iv) serving as directors and officers of portfolio companies of the Company, (v)
providing managerial assistance to portfolio companies of the Company, and (vi) enforcing the Company s rights in respect of its
investments and disposing of its investments; provided, however, that, any third party expenses incurred by House Hanover in excess of
 50,000 in the aggregate in any calendar quarter will require advance approval by the Board of the Company. 

In addition to the foregoing, the Company will
also be responsible for the payment of all of the Company s other expenses, including the payment of the following fees and expenses: 

organizational and offering expenses; 

expenses incurred in valuing the Company s assets and computing its net asset value per share (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 

subject to the guidelines approved by the Board, expenses incurred by House Hanover that are payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for the Company and in monitoring the Company s investments and performing due diligence on the Company s prospective portfolio companies or otherwise related to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; 

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance the Company s investments and expenses related to unsuccessful portfolio acquisition efforts; 

offerings of the Company s common stock and other securities; 

administration fees; 

transfer agent and custody fees and expenses; 

U.S. federal and state registration fees of the Company (but not House Hanover); 

all costs of registration and listing the Company s shares on any securities exchange; 

U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required of the Company (but not House Hanover) by the SEC or other regulators; 

costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; 

the costs associated with individual or group stockholders; 

the Company s allocable portion of the fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration and operation of the Company, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; 

and all other non-investment advisory expenses incurred by the Company in connection with administering the Company s business. 

- 5 - 

Duration and Termination 

Unless terminated earlier as described below,
the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement will continue in effect for a period of one (1) year from its effective date. It will
remain in effect from year to year thereafter if approved annually by the Company s Board or by the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities, and, in either case, if also approved by a majority of Company s
directors who are neither parties to the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement nor interested persons (as defined
under the 1940 Act) of any such party. The House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement was last annually renewed by the Board and by a
majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement or interested persons 
(as such term is defined in the 1940 Act) of any such party on May 9, 2022. 

The House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement
may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, (i) upon written notice, effective on the date set forth in such notice,
by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company or by the vote of the Company s directors, or (ii)
upon 60 days written notice, by House Hanover. The House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement automatically terminates in the
event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act. 

Indemnification 

The House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement
provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of their duties, or by reason of the material breach
or reckless disregard of their duties and obligations under the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement, House Hanover and its officers,
managers, employees and members are entitled to indemnification from the Company for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of House Hanover s services
under the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as the Company s investment advisor. The amounts payable for
indemnification will be calculated net of payments recovered by the indemnified party under any insurance policy with respect to such
losses. 

At all times during the term of the House Hanover
Investment Advisory Agreement and for one year thereafter, House Hanover is obligated to maintain directors and officers/errors and omission
liability insurance in an amount and with a provider reasonably acceptable to the Board of the Company. 

Regulation as a BDC 

We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under
the 1940 Act. On an annual basis and in general, BDCs intend to elect to be treated for tax purposes as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. However, we did not meet the qualifications of a RIC for the 2022 tax year and will
be taxed as a corporation under Subchapter C of the Code. Further, we do not expect to meet the qualifications of a RIC until such time
as certain strategic alternatives are achieved. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDC s
and their affiliates (including any investment advisors), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and
requires that a majority of the directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940
Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election
as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 

We may invest up to 100 of our assets in securities
acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we may, for the purpose of public
resale, be deemed an underwriter as that term is defined in the Securities Act. Our intention is to not write (sell) or
buy put or call options to manage risks associated with the publicly traded securities of our portfolio companies, except that we may
enter into hedging transactions to manage the risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. However, we may purchase or otherwise
receive warrants to purchase the common stock of our portfolio companies in connection with acquisition financing or other investments.
Similarly, in connection with an acquisition, we may acquire rights to require the issuers of acquired securities or their affiliates
to repurchase them under certain circumstances. We also do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed
the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any registered
investment company, invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than
10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of more than one investment company. With regard to that portion of our portfolio
invested in securities issued by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments might subject our stockholders to additional
expenses. None of these policies is fundamental and may be changed without stockholder approval upon 60 days prior written notice
to stockholders. 

- 6 - 

Qualifying Assets 

Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any
asset other than assets of the type listed in section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, 
unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal
categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 

(1) 
 Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering
from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any
person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person,
subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. Under the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder, eligible portfolio companies 
include (1) private domestic operating companies, (2) public domestic operating companies whose securities are not listed on a national
securities exchange e.g. , the New York Stock Exchange) or registered under the Exchange Act, and (3) public domestic operating
companies having a market capitalization of less than 250 million. Public domestic operating companies whose securities are quoted on
the over-the-counter bulletin board (OTCBB) or through OTC Markets Group (including the Pink Open Market) are not listed on a national
securities exchange and therefore are eligible portfolio companies. 

(2) 
 Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control. 

(3) 
 Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from a person who is or has been, within the past 13 months, an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident to such a private transaction, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

(4) 
 Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

(5) 
 Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

(6) 
 Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities that mature in one year or less from the date of investment. 

The regulations defining qualifying assets may
change over time. We may adjust our investment focus as needed to comply with and/or take advantage of any regulatory, legislative, administrative
or judicial actions in this area. 

Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 

In order to count portfolio securities as qualifying
assets for the purpose of the 70 test, a BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the
issuer of the securities significant managerial assistance. However, when the BDC purchases securities in conjunction with one or more
other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial
assistance means any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers, employees or agents, offers to provide, and, if accepted,
does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio
company. House Hanover will provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. 

- 7 - 

Temporary Investments 

Pending investment in other types of qualifying
assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, repurchase agreements and
high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less from the date of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary
investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets or temporary investments. We may invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase
agreements, so long as the agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A
repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller
to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon
interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements.
However, if more than 25 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the Diversification
Tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements
with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. 

Senior Securities 

We are permitted, under specified conditions,
to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940
Act, is at least equal to 200 immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must
make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable
asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets
for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. A loan will be considered temporary if it is repaid within sixty
days and is not extended or renewed. 

Common Stock 

We are not generally able to issue and sell our
common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our common stock at a price below the current net asset
value of the common stock if our board of directors determines that such sale is in our best interests and that of our stockholders, and
our stockholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than
a price which, in the determination of our board of directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any distributing
commission or discount). 

Other 

We are required to provide and maintain a bond
issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited
from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross
negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 

House Hanover and the Company will each be required
to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of relevant federal securities laws, review
these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation, and designate a chief compliance
officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 

We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from
knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our board of directors who are not interested
persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. The SEC has interpreted the BDC prohibition on transactions with affiliates to
prohibit all joint transactions between, among other things, entities that share a common investment advisor. The staff
of the SEC has granted no-action relief permitting purchases of a single class of privately placed securities provided that the advisor
negotiates no term other than price and certain other conditions are met. 

- 8 - 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety
of regulatory requirements on publicly held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 

pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 under Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; and 

pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any remedial actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our
current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated under such
act. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions
necessary to ensure that we are in compliance with that act. 

- 9 - 

Risks Relating to our Business and Structure 

There are significant potential conflicts
of interest that could negatively affect our investment returns. 

The investment professionals of House Hanover
serve, or may serve, as officers, directors, members, or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business
as we do, or of investment funds, accounts, or investment vehicles managed by House Hanover. Similarly, House Hanover may have other clients
with similar, different or competing investment objectives. In serving in these multiple capacities, they may have obligations to other
clients or investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which may not be in the best interests of us or our stockholders. 

The management fee structure we have with
House Hanover may create incentives that are not fully aligned with the interests of our stockholders. 

In the course of our investing activities, we
will pay management fees to House Hanover. We have entered into an investment advisory agreement with House Hanover that provides that
these fees will be based on the value of our net assets. As a result, investors in our common stock will invest on a gross basis and receive
distributions on a net basis after expenses, resulting in a lower rate of return than one might achieve through direct investments. 

Our board of directors is charged with protecting
our interests by monitoring how House Hanover addresses these and other conflicts of interests associated with its management services
and compensation. While our board of directors is not expected to review or approve each investment decision, borrowing or incurrence
of leverage, our independent directors will periodically review House Hanover s services and fees as well as its portfolio management
decisions and performance of our portfolio. In connection with these reviews, our independent directors will consider whether our fees
and expenses (including those related to leverage) remain appropriate. As a result of this arrangement, House Hanover may from time to
time have interests that differ from those of our stockholders, giving rise to a conflict. 

The involvement of our interested directors
in the valuation process may create conflicts of interest. 

We expect to make many of our portfolio investments
in the form of loans and securities that are not publicly traded and for which no market based price quotation is available. As a result,
our board of directors will determine the fair value of these loans and securities in good faith as described below in 
Our portfolio investments will be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors and, as a result, there
may be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. In connection with that determination, investment professionals
from House Hanover may provide our board of directors with valuations based upon the most recent portfolio company financial statements
available and projected financial results of each portfolio company. While the valuation for most portfolio investments will be prepared
quarterly by an independent valuation firm with the assistance of the Company s Valuation Committee, the ultimate determination
of fair value will be made by our board of directors, including our interested directors, and not by such third-party valuation firm.
In addition, Mr. Mark DiSalvo, an interested member of our board of directors, has a direct pecuniary interest in House Hanover. The participation
of House Hanover s investment professionals in our valuation process, and the pecuniary interest in House Hanover by a member of
our board of directors, could result in a conflict of interest as House Hanover s management fee is based, in part, on the value
of our gross assets. 

The time and resources that House Hanover
devote to us may be diverted, and we may face additional competition due to the fact that House Hanover and its affiliates are not prohibited
from raising money for, or managing, another entity that makes the same types of investments that we target. 

House Hanover and some of its affiliates, including
our officers and our non-independent directors, are not prohibited from raising money for, or managing, another investment entity that
makes the same types of investments as those we target. For example, House Hanover could seek to raise capital for a private credit fund
that will have an investment strategy that is identical to our investment strategy. House Hanover and we may seek exemptive relief from
the SEC that would establish a co-investment program with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by House Hanover;
however, there can be no assurance if and when the SEC would grant such relief. In addition, we may compete with any such investment entity
for the same investors and investment opportunities. 

- 10 - 

House Hanover s liability is limited
under the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement and we have agreed to indemnify House Hanover against certain liabilities, which
may lead House Hanover to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 

Under the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement,
House Hanover has not assumed any responsibility to us other than to render the services called for under that agreement. It will not
be responsible for any action of our board of directors by following or declining to follow House Hanover s advice or recommendations.
Under the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement, House Hanover, its officers, members and personnel, and any person controlling
or controlled by House Hanover will not be liable to us, any subsidiary of ours, our directors, our stockholders or any subsidiary s
stockholders or partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement,
except those resulting from acts constituting gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of the duties that
House Hanover owes to us under the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement. In addition, as part of the House Hanover Investment Advisory
Agreement, we have agreed to indemnify House Hanover and each of its officers, directors, members, managers and employees from and against
any claims or liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred, arising out of or in connection with
our business and operations or any action taken or omitted on our behalf pursuant to authority granted by the House Hanover Investment
Advisory Agreement, except where attributable to gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of such person s
duties under the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement. These protections may lead House Hanover to act in a riskier manner when
acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 

Our ability to enter into transactions with
our affiliates will be restricted, which may limit the scope of investments available to us. 

We are prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating
in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, the SEC. Any person
that owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities will be our affiliate for purposes of the 1940 Act,
and we are generally prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to such affiliate without the prior approval of our independent
directors. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain joint transactions with certain of our affiliates, which could include concurrent
investments in the same portfolio company, without prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. We are
prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to any person that controls us or who owns more than 25 of our voting securities
or certain of that person s affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions with such persons, absent the prior approval
of the SEC. As a result of these restrictions, we may be prohibited from buying or selling any security (other than any security of which
we are the issuer) from or to any portfolio company of a private fund managed by House Hanover or its affiliates without the prior approval
of the SEC, which may limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to us. 

We may, however, invest alongside House Hanover s
investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with our investment strategy
as well as applicable law and SEC staff interpretations. For example, we may invest alongside such investment funds, accounts and investment
vehicles consistent with guidance promulgated by the SEC staff to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities
so long as certain conditions are met, including that House Hanover, acting on our behalf and on behalf of such investment funds, accounts
and investment vehicles, negotiates no term other than price. We may also invest alongside House Hanover s investment funds, accounts
and investment vehicles as otherwise permissible under regulatory guidance, applicable regulations and House Hanover s allocation
policy. This allocation policy provides that allocations among us and investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by House
Hanover and its affiliates will generally be made pro rata based on capital available for investment, as determined, in our case, by our
board of directors as well as the terms of our governing documents and those of such investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles.
It is our policy to base our determinations on such factors as the amount of cash on-hand, existing commitments and reserves, if any,
our targeted leverage level, our targeted asset mix and diversification requirements and other investment policies and restrictions set
by our board of directors or imposed by applicable laws, rules, regulations or interpretations. We expect that these determinations will
be made similarly for investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by House Hanover. However, we can offer no assurance
that investment opportunities will be allocated to us fairly or equitably in the short-term or over time. 

- 11 - 

In situations where co-investment with investment
funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by House Hanover, prior to receiving exemptive relief, is not permitted or appropriate,
such as when there is an opportunity to invest concurrently in different securities of the same issuer or where the different investments
could be expected to result in a conflict between our interests and those of House Hanover s clients, subject to the limitations
described in the preceding paragraph, House Hanover will need to decide which client will proceed with the investment. House Hanover will
make these determinations based on its policies and procedures, which generally require that such opportunities be offered to eligible
accounts on an alternating basis that will be fair and equitable over time. Moreover, except in certain circumstances, we will be unable
to invest in any issuer in which an investment fund, account or investment vehicle managed by House Hanover has previously invested. 

We and House Hanover may seek exemptive relief
from the SEC to permit greater flexibility to negotiate the terms of co-investments if our board of directors determines that it would
be advantageous for us to co-invest with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by House Hanover in a manner consistent
with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent
factors. We believe that co-investment by us and investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by House Hanover may afford
us additional investment opportunities and an ability to achieve greater diversification. Accordingly, if we make an application for exemptive
relief, we will seek an exemptive order permitting us to invest with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by House
Hanover in the same portfolio companies under circumstances in which such investments would otherwise not be permitted by the 1940 Act.
We expect that such exemptive relief permitting co-investments, if granted, would not require review and approval of each co-investment
by our independent directors. There can be no assurance if and when the SEC would grant such relief. 

You may not receive distributions, or our
distributions may not grow over time. 

We cannot assure you that we will achieve investment
results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. Our ability
to pay distributions might be adversely affected by the impact of one or more of the risk factors described in this filing. Due to the
asset coverage test applicable to us under the 1940 Act as a BDC, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions. All distributions
will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, financial condition, maintenance of RIC status,
compliance with applicable BDC requirements, and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relative from time to time. We
cannot assure you that we will make distributions to our stockholders in the future. 

We may have difficulty paying required distributions
to qualify as a RIC if we recognize income before, or without, receiving cash representing such income. 

For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will
include in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as the accrual of original issue discount. This may arise
if we receive warrants in connection with the making of a loan and in other circumstances, or through contracted PIK interest, which represents
contractual interest added to the loan balance and due at the end of the loan term. Such original issue discount, which could be significant
relative to our overall investment activities, and increases in loan balances as a result of contracted PIK arrangements will be included
in income before we receive any corresponding cash payments. We also may be required to include in income certain other amounts that we
will not receive in cash. 

Since we may recognize income before or without
receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the requirement to distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary
income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to achieve qualification as a RIC. In such
a case, we may have to sell some of our investments at times we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital
or reduce new investment originations to meet these distribution requirements. If we are not able to obtain such cash from other sources,
we may continue to fail to qualify as a RIC and thus be subject to corporate-level income tax. 

- 12 - 

PIK interest payments we receive will increase
our assets under management and, as a result, will increase the amount of base management fees payable by us to House Hanover. 

Certain of our debt investments may contain provisions
providing for the payment of PIK interest. Because PIK interest results in an increase in the size of the loan balance of the underlying
loan, the receipt by us of PIK interest will have the effect of increasing our assets under management. As a result, because the base
management fee that we pay to House Hanover is based on the value of our gross assets, the receipt by us of PIK interest will result in
an increase in the amount of the base management fee payable by us. 

Our portfolio investments will be recorded
at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors and, as a result, there may be uncertainty as to the value of our
portfolio investments. 

As a BDC, we generally invest in illiquid loans
and securities including debt and equity securities of middle-market companies. Under procedures established by our board of directors,
we value investments for which market quotations are readily available at such market quotations. We obtain these market values from an
independent pricing service or at the mean between the bid and ask prices obtained from at least two brokers or dealers (if available,
otherwise by a principal market maker or a primary market dealer). Debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or whose market
prices are not readily available are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors. Such determination of
fair values may involve subjective judgments and estimates, although we engage independent valuation providers to review the valuation
of each portfolio investment that does not have a readily available market quotation quarterly. Investments purchased within 60 days of
maturity are valued at cost plus accreted discount, or minus amortized premium, which approximate fair value. With respect to unquoted
securities, our board of directors values each investment considering, among other measures, discounted cash flow models, comparisons
of financial ratios of peer companies that are public and other factors, which are provided by a nationally recognized independent valuation
firm. Beginning with the period ending June 30, 2019, the Company engaged a new third-party valuation firm to perform its independent
valuations of the Company s Level 3 investments. This valuation firm provides a range of values for selected investments, which
is presented to the Valuation Committee to determine the value for each of the selected investments. 

When an external event such as a purchase transaction,
public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, our board of directors uses the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate
and/or assist us in our valuation. Because there is not a readily available market for substantially all of the investments in our portfolio,
we value our portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors using a documented valuation policy
and a consistently applied valuation process. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not
have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been
used had a readily available market value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. 

With respect to investments for which market quotations
are not readily available, our board of directors undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 

Our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio
company or investment being initially valued by an independent valuation firm, except for those investments where market quotations are
readily available; 

Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and
discussed with our senior management, our investment advisor, and our auditors; 

The valuation committee of our board of directors then reviews
these preliminary valuations and approves them for recommendation to the board of directors; 

The board of directors then discusses valuations and determines
the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith, based on the input of our investment advisor, the independent valuation
firm and the valuation committee. 

- 13 - 

Our common stock is traded on the Over the
Counter Pink Open Market, which may make it more difficult for investors to resell their shares due to suitability requirements. 

Our common stock is currently traded on the OTC
Market under the symbol PIAC where we expect it to remain in the foreseeable future. We do not believe that we will become
eligible for the OTCQB Market in the foreseeable future because of our inability to meet the required public float restrictions of the
OTCQB Market. Broker-dealers often decline to trade in OTC Pink stocks given the markets for such securities are often limited, the stocks
are more volatile, and the risk to investors is greater. These factors may reduce the potential market for our common stock by reducing
the number of potential investors. This may make it more difficult for investors in our common stock to sell shares to third parties or
to otherwise dispose of their shares. This could cause our stock price to decline. 

Our board of directors may change our investment objective, operating
policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval. 

Our board of directors has the authority, except
as otherwise provided in the 1940 Act, to modify or waive certain of our operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without
stockholder approval. However, absent stockholder approval, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw
our election as, a BDC. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies and strategies would have on our business,
operating results and the market price of our common stock. Nevertheless, any such changes could adversely affect our business and impair
our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 

Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation
Law and of our charter and bylaws could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 

The Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter
and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or make more difficult a change in control of the Company or the removal of our
directors. We are subject to the Maryland Business Combination Act, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. Our board
of directors has adopted a resolution exempting from the Business Combination Act any business combination between us and any other person,
subject to prior approval of such business combination by our board of directors, including approval by a majority of our independent
directors. If the resolution exempting business combinations is repealed or our board of directors does not approve a business combination,
the Business Combination Act may discourage third parties from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating
such an offer. Our bylaws exempt from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act acquisitions of our stock by any person. If we amend
our bylaws to repeal the exemption from the Control Share Acquisition Act, the Control Share Acquisition Act also may make it more difficult
for a third party to obtain control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such a transaction. 

- 14 - 

We have also adopted measures that may make it
difficult for a third party to obtain control of us, including authorizing our board of directors to classify or reclassify shares of
our stock in one or more classes or series, to cause the issuance of additional shares of our stock and to amend our charter without stockholder
approval to increase or decrease the number of shares of stock that we have authority to issue. These provisions, as well as other provisions
of our charter and bylaws, may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests
of our stockholders. 

The foregoing provisions are expected to discourage
certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate
first with our board of directors. However, these provisions may deprive a stockholder of the opportunity to sell such stockholder s
shares of a premium to a potential acquirer. We believe that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of
discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other things, the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. Our
board of directors has considered both the positive and negative effects of the foregoing provisions and determined that they are in the
best interests of our stockholders. 

House Hanover can resign as our investment
advisor and administrator upon 60 days notice and we may not be able to find suitable replacements within that time, or at all,
resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 

House Hanover has the right under the House Hanover Investment Advisory
Agreement to resign as our investment adviser and administrator at any time upon 60 days written notice, whether we have found
a replacement or not. If House Hanover was to resign, we may not be able to find a new investment adviser or administrator or hire internal
management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all.
If we are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience a disruption, our financial condition, business and results
of operations as well as our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders are likely to be adversely affected and the market price
of our shares may decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and investment or administrative activities, as applicable,
is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a single institution or group of executives having the expertise
possessed by House Hanover. Even if we are able to retain comparable management, whether internal or external, the integration of such
management and their lack of familiarity with our investment objective may result in additional costs and time delays that may adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The impact that the COVID-19 pandemic has
had and will continue to have on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flow. 

The global economy has been effected by the COVID-19
pandemic, including the small and medium sized businesses in which we are invested. The extent to which our operations may be impacted
will depend largely on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including duration, the restrictions by governmental
authorities to operate businesses and the effect that programs, such as the Paycheck Protection Program by the U.S. Small Business Administration,
will have. 

- 15 - 

Risks Relating to our Investments 

We may hold the loans and debt securities
of leveraged companies that may, due to the significant operating volatility typical of such companies, enter into bankruptcy proceedings. 

Leveraged companies may experience bankruptcy
or similar financial distress. The bankruptcy process has a number of significant inherent risks. Many events in a bankruptcy proceeding
are the product of contested matters and adversary proceedings and are beyond the control of the creditors. A bankruptcy filing by a portfolio
company may adversely and permanently affect that company. If the proceeding is converted to a liquidation, the value of the portfolio
company may not equal the liquidation value that was believed to exist at the time of the investment. The duration of a bankruptcy proceeding
is also difficult to predict, and a creditor s return on investment can be adversely affected by delays until the plan of reorganization
or liquidation ultimately becomes effective. The administrative costs in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding are frequently high and
would be paid out of the debtor s estate prior to any return to creditors. Because the standards for classification of claims under
bankruptcy law are vague, our influence with respect to the class of securities or other obligations we own may be lost by increases in
the number and amount of claims in the same class or by different classification and treatment. In the early stages of the bankruptcy
process, it is often difficult to estimate the extent of, or even to identify, any contingent claims that might be made. In addition,
certain claims that have priority by law (for example, claims for taxes) may be substantial. 

Our investments in private and small and
lower middle-market portfolio companies are risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment. 

Investments in private and small and lower middle-market
companies involve a number of significant risks. Generally, little public information exists about these companies, and we will rely on
the ability of House Hanover s investment professionals to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from investing
in these companies. If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment
decision, and we may lose money on our investments. Small and lower middle-market companies may have limited financial resources and may
be unable to meet their obligations under their loans and debt securities that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in
the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of our realizing any guarantees we may have obtained in connection with
our investment. In addition, such companies typically have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares
than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and adverse market conditions, as well
as general economic downturns. Additionally, middle-market companies are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of
a small group of persons. Therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material
adverse impact on one or more of the portfolio companies we invest in and, in turn, on us. Small and lower middle-market companies also
may be parties to litigation and may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence.
In addition, our executive officers, directors and investment advisor may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants
in litigation arising from our investments in portfolio companies. 

- 16 - 

The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect
our business. 

All of our assets may be invested in illiquid
loans and securities, and a substantial portion of our investments in leveraged companies will be subject to legal and other restrictions
on resale or will otherwise be less liquid than more broadly traded public securities. The illiquidity of these investments may make it
difficult for us to sell such investments if the need arises. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio
quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our investments. Also, as noted above,
we may be limited or prohibited in our ability to sell or otherwise exit certain positions in our initial portfolio as such a transaction
could be considered a joint transaction prohibited by the 1940 Act. 

We are a non-diversified investment company
as defined under the 1940 Act, and therefore we are not limited with respect to the proportion of our assets that may be invested in securities
of a single issuer. 

We are classified as a non-diversified investment
company as defined under the 1940 Act, which means that we are not limited by the 1940 Act with respect to the proportion of our assets
that we may invest in securities of a single issuer. Beyond the asset diversification requirements associated with our qualification as
a RIC under the Code, we do not have fixed guidelines for diversification. To the extent that we assume large positions in the securities
of a small number of issuers or our investments are concentrated in relatively few industries, our net asset value may fluctuate to a
greater extent than that of a diversified investment company as a result of changes in the financial condition or the market s assessment
of the issuer. We may also be more susceptible to any single economic or regulatory occurrence than a diversified investment company. 

Our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies
could impair the value of our portfolio. 

Following an initial investment in a portfolio
company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as follow-on investments, in seeking to increase or
maintain in whole or in part our position as a creditor or equity ownership percentage in a portfolio company, exercise warrants, options
or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing, or preserve or enhance the value of our investment. 

We have discretion to make follow-on investments,
subject to the availability of capital resources. Failure on our part to make follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize
the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our
participation in a successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to
make a follow-on investment because we may not want to increase our level of risk, because we prefer other opportunities or because we
are inhibited by compliance with BDC requirements of the 1940 Act or the desire to maintain our qualification as a RIC. Our ability to
make follow-on investments may also be limited by House Hanover s allocation policy. 

When we do not hold controlling equity interests
in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management
of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments. 

If we do not hold controlling equity positions
in the portfolio companies included in our portfolio, we will be subject to the risk that a portfolio company may make business decisions
with which we disagree, and that the management and/or stockholders of a portfolio company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that
are adverse to our interests. Due to the lack of liquidity of the debt and equity investments that we expect to hold in our portfolio
companies, we may not be able to dispose of our investments in the event we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company and may therefore
suffer a decrease in the value of our investments. 

- 17 - 

Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with,
or senior to, our investments in such companies. 

We intend to invest a portion of our capital in
second lien and subordinated loans issued by our portfolio companies. The portfolio companies usually have, or may be permitted to incur,
other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the loans in which we invest. By their terms, such debt instruments may provide that
the holders are entitled to receive payment of interest or principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments
in respect of the loans in which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of
a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled
to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution in respect of our investment. After repaying senior creditors, a portfolio
company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of debt ranking equally with loans in
which we invest, we would have to share any distributions on an equal and ratable basis with other creditors holding such debt in the
event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company. 

Additionally, certain loans that we may make to
portfolio companies may be secured on a second priority basis by the same collateral securing senior secured debt of such companies. The
first priority liens on the collateral will secure the portfolio company s obligations under any outstanding senior debt and may
secure certain other future debt that may be permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under the agreements governing the loans.
The holders of obligations secured by first priority liens on the collateral will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled
to receive proceeds from, any realization of the collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of the
collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There
can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of all of the collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations
secured by the second priority liens after payment in full of all obligations secured by the first priority liens on the collateral. If
such proceeds were not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens, then we,
to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the collateral, will only have an unsecured claim against the portfolio company s
remaining assets, if any. 

If we make subordinated investments, the
obligors or the portfolio companies may not generate sufficient cash flow to service their debt obligations to us. 

We may make subordinated investments that rank
below other obligations of the obligor in right of payment. Subordinated investments are subject to greater risk of default than senior
obligations as a result of adverse changes in the financial condition of the obligor or economic conditions in general. If we make a subordinated
investment in a portfolio company, the portfolio company may be highly leveraged, and its relatively high debt-to-equity ratio may create
increased risks that its operations might not generate sufficient cash flow to service all of its debt obligations. 

- 18 - 

Risks Relating to our Common Stock 

Our share ownership is concentrated. 

As of March 30, 2023 the Partnerships beneficially
own approximately 95 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, the Partnerships will exert significant influence over all matters
requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors, any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of the assets, as well as any charter amendment and other matters requiring stockholder approval. This concentration of ownership
may delay or prevent a change in control and may have a negative impact on the market price of our common stock by discouraging third
party investors. In addition, the interests of the Partnerships may not always coincide with the interests of our other stockholders. 

The Company s common stock may be
subject to the penny stock rules which might make it harder for stockholders to sell. 

As a result of our stock price, our shares are
subject to the penny stock rules. Because a penny stock is, generally speaking, one selling for less than 5.00 per share,
the Company s common stock may be subject to the foregoing rules. The application of the penny stock rules may affect stockholders 
ability to sell their shares because some broker-dealers may not be willing to make a market in the Company s common stock because
of the burdens imposed upon them by the penny stock rules which include but are not limited to: 

Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and SEC Rules 15g-1 through 15g-6, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell Company
securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. 

Rule 15g-2 declares unlawful any broker-dealer
transactions in penny stocks unless the broker-dealer has first provided to the customer a standardized disclosure document. 

Rule 15g-3 provides that it is unlawful
for a broker-dealer to engage in a penny stock transaction unless the broker-dealer first discloses and subsequently confirms to the customer
the current quotation prices or similar market information concerning the penny stock in question. 

Rule 15g-4 prohibits broker-dealers
from completing penny stock transactions for a customer unless the broker-dealer first discloses to the customer the amount of compensation
or other remuneration received as a result of the penny stock transaction. 

Rule 15g-5 requires that a broker-dealer
executing a penny stock transaction, other than one exempt under Rule 15g-1, disclose to its customer, at the time of or prior to the
transaction, information about the sales persons compensation. 

Potential stockholders of the Company should also
be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud
and abuse. Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the
promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases;
(iii) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales
persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping of the
same securities by promoters and broker dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting inevitable
collapse of those prices and with consequent investor losses. 

- 19 - 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company does not own any real estate or other
physical properties materially important to our operation. Our headquarters are located at 800 Turnpike Street, Suite 300, North Andover,
Massachusetts 01845. Our headquarters are provided to us by House Hanover, our investment adviser since January 1, 2018. We believe that
our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as we contemplate conducting it. 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

As of December 31, 2022, there were no material
legal proceedings against the Company or any of its officers or directors. 

Great Value Storage Litigation 

On March 14, 2019, the Company filed a complaint
against Great Value Storage, LLC GVS ), World Class Capital Group, LLC World Class ), and Natin Paul, which
we refer to collectively as the GVS Defendants, in the District Court for Harris County, Texas. GVS is one of the Company s portfolio
companies. On January 22, 2021 the Harris County District Court granted the Company s Motion for Partial Summary Judgment on its
breach of contract claim against GVS and World Class. On March 4, 2021, the Final Judgment Order was entered awarding damages to the Company
in the amount of 9,910,601. 

On January 1, 2022, the Company amended and finalized
proofs of claim in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Texas, as it has been discovered that Natin Paul had transferred
the properties from the GVS Defendants and to the debtor entities, which are GVS affiliates that filed bankruptcy. On March 21, 2022,
the bankruptcy court reserved 15 million for our claim. On, April 27, 2022, the Company filed an adversary proceeding in the bankruptcy
court to recover amounts owed to the Company. 

As disclosed in the Company s Form 8-K that
was filed on September 9, 2022, on September 2, 2022, the Company entered into a Settlement, Assignment and Acceptance Agreement with
Natin Paul and his related parties, whereby the Company would sell its promissory notes from GVS and World Class to Phoenix Lending, LLC,
a newly formed Natin Paul related entity, in exchange for a settlement payment of 11,372,699 to be funded out of the 15 million reserve
in the bankruptcy court. Further, the GVS affiliated parties agreed to indemnify the Company and retain 1 million on reserve in the bankruptcy
court for any future legal fees or claims related to the settlement. On October 7, 2022, the Company closed the settlement and received
 11,372,699. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

- 20 - 

PART II 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is currently traded on the Over
the Counter Pink Open Market under the symbol PIAC where we expect it to remain in the foreseeable future. Prior to April
20, 2015, our common stock was traded under the symbol RONE . Broker-dealers often decline to trade in OTC Pink Open Market
stocks given the markets for such securities are often limited, the stocks are more volatile, and the risk to investors is greater. These
factors may reduce the potential market for our common stock by reducing the number of potential investors. This may make it more difficult
for investors in our common stock to sell shares to third parties or to otherwise dispose of their shares. This could cause our stock
price to decline. 

Quarter Ending 
 Quarterly High 
 Quarterly Low 

December 31, 2022 
 0.45 
 0.27 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.27 
 0.22 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.33 
 0.25 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 0.50 
 0.20 

December 31, 2021 
 0.35 
 0.29 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.40 
 0.15 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.21 
 0.14 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 0.51 
 0.12 

December 31, 2020 
 0.15 
 0.14 
 
 September 30, 2020 
 0.15 
 0.14 
 
 June 30, 2020 
 0.22 
 0.12 
 
 March 31, 2020 
 0.35 
 0.21 

Notwithstanding the forgoing, our common stock
is sporadically and thinly trading. Over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down
or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. Accordingly, although there appears to be quotation information,
the Company does not believe that there exists an established public market for our securities. Further, there can be no assurance the
current market for the Company s common stock will be sustained or grow in the future. 

Holders of record 

As of March 27, 2023, there were 39 shareholders
of our common stock. 

The number of record holders reflects shares
held by a broker as one record holder. The underlying shares may be held by one or more beneficial owners. 

The Company feels the actual number of common
stock holders may be significantly higher as 1,301,100 shares of common stock are held in street name which reflected approximately 1.08 
of the outstanding shares of common stock as of March 27, 2023, according to our transfer agent. 

Dividends 

Our dividends, if any, are determined by our
board of directors. The Company was taxed as a C corporation and subject to federal and state corporation income taxes for its 2021 taxable
year. The Company did not meet the qualifications of a RIC for the 2022 tax year and will be taxed as a corporation under Subchapter
C of the Code. It may not be in the best interests of the Company s stockholders to elect to be taxed as a RIC at the present time
due to the net operating losses and capital loss carryforwards the Company currently has. Management will make a determination that is
in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. While the Company does not expect to meet the qualifications of a RIC until
such time as certain strategic alternatives are achieved, it can still declare a dividend even though it is not required to do so. 

To qualify for RIC tax treatment, we must, among
other things, distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net
long-term capital losses, if any. Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward taxable
income in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year and pay a 4 excise tax on such income. Any such carryover taxable
income must be distributed through a dividend declared prior to filing the final tax return related to the year which generated such
taxable income. We may, in the future, make actual distributions to our stockholders of our net capital gains. We can offer no assurance
that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, if we issue senior securities, we may be prohibited
from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the 1940 Act or if distributions
are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. 

- 21 - 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company declared and paid a cash dividend of 0.075 per share of common stock on or about December 1, 2022 to stockholders of record
as of the close of business on November 21, 2022. 

For each of the fiscal years ended December 31,
2021 and 2020, the Company did not declare any cash dividends on the Company s common stock. 

On October 17, 2022, the Board terminated the
Company s opt out dividend reinvestment plan, as disclosed in the Company s 8-K filed on October 19, 2022.
Written notice of such termination was mailed to the Company s stockholders on October 21, 2022, with an effective date of November
20, 2022. As a result, any distributions declared for stockholders of record after November 20, 2022, will be paid in cash. 

Sale of Unregistered Securities 

There were no sales of unregistered securities
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Stock Performance Graph 

This graph compares the return on our common stock
with that of the S P BDC Index and the Russell 2000 Index, for the past five fiscal years. The graph assumes that, on December 31,
2017, a person invested 100 in each of our common stock, the S P BDC Index and the Russell 2000 Financial Services Index. The graph
measures total shareholder return, which takes into account both changes in stock price and dividends. It assumes that dividends paid
are reinvested in like securities. Our Company is quoted on the OTC Pink Open Market and are thus not traded on a public exchange. 

The graph and other information furnished under
this Part II Item 5 of this Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed 
with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the 1934 Act. The stock price performance included
in the above graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, there
were no repurchases made by or on behalf of the issuer of shares of equity securities. 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

The Company does not currently have any equity
incentive plan. 

- 22 - 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following information should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

References herein to we , us 
or our refer to Princeton Capital Corporation (the Company or Princeton Capital ), unless the
context specifically requires otherwise. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Some of the statements in this annual report
on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. Such
forward-looking statements may include statements preceded by, followed by or that oth erwise
include the words may, might, will, intend, should, could, 
 can, would, expect, believe, estimate, anticipate, 
 predict, potential, plan or similar words. The forward-looking statements contained in this
annual report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 

our
 future operating results; 

our
 business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

the
 effect of investments that we expect to make; 

our
 contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

actual
 and potential conflicts of interest with our investment advisor; 

the
 dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries
 in which we invest; 

the
 ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

the
 use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 

the
 adequacy of our financing sources and working capital; 

the
 timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 

the
 ability of our investment advisor to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and
 administer our investments; 

the
 ability of our investment advisor to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 

our
 ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company and as
 a business development company; 

the
 effect of future changes in laws or regulations (including the interpretation of these laws
 and regulations by regulatory authorities) and conditions in our operating areas, particularly
 with respect to business development companies or regulated investment companies; and 

the
 effect of the COVID-19 pandemic including the uncertainty surrounding its duration and global
 economic impact, as well as measures taken by governmental agencies, businesses and other
 third parties in response to counteract any negative effects. 

We
have based the forward-looking statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K on information available to us on the date of this
annual report on Form 10-K, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materiall y
from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements, and future results could differ materially from historical performance. We
undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, unless required by law or Securities and Exchange Commission SEC rule or regulation. You are advised to consult
any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the SEC, including
annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

- 23 - 

Overview 

We are an externally managed, non-diversified,
closed-end investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company BDC under the Investment
Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act or Investment Company Act ). While we have sought to invest primarily in
private small and lower middle-market companies in various industries, we are now (with a strategic alternatives process underway and
limited resources) investing only in current investments and otherwise conserving cash. Our investment objective is to maximize the total
return to our stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation through debt and related equity investments in private
small and lower middle-market companies. Since January 1, 2018, we have been managed by House Hanover, LLC House Hanover ). 

As a BDC, we must not acquire any assets other
than qualifying assets specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70 of our total
assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying assets include investments in eligible portfolio companies. 
Under the relevant SEC rules, the term eligible portfolio company includes all private companies, companies whose securities
are not listed on a national securities exchange, and certain public companies that have listed their securities on a national securities
exchange and have a market capitalization of less than 250 million, in each case organized in the United States. 

On November 15, 2019, our Board announced that
the Company has initiated a strategic review process to identify, examine, and consider a range of strategic alternatives available to
the Company, including but not limited to, (i) selling the Company s assets to a business development company or other potential
buyer, (ii) merging with another business development company, (iii) liquidating the Company s assets in accordance with a plan
of liquidation, (iv) raising additional funds for the Company, or (v) otherwise entering into another business combination, with the
objective of maximizing stockholder value. On August 19, 2021, we provided an update with respect to our strategic review process and
reported that the process was ongoing and that our options have been enhanced by significant valuation growth in our portfolio. As of
December 31, 2022 and through the date of filing this Annual Report, the Company has not entered into any agreements regarding any strategic
alternative. 

Corporate History 

In order to expedite the ramp-up of our investment
activities and further our ability to meet our investment objectives, on March 13, 2015 we (i) acquired approximately 11.2 million in
cash, 43.5 million in equity and debt investments, and 1.9 million in restricted cash escrow deposits of Capital Point Partners, L.P. CPP and Capital Point Partners II, L.P. CPPII (together, the Partnerships ), and (ii) issued
approximately 115.5 million shares of our common stock based on a pre-valuation presumed fair value of 60.9 million and on a price of
approximately 0.53 per share. While we have sought to invest primarily in private small and lower middle-market companies in various
industries, we are now (with a strategic alternatives process underway and limited resources) investing only in current investments and
otherwise conserving cash. 

On an annual basis and in general, BDCs intend
to elect to be treated for tax purposes as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986 (the Code ). To qualify as a RIC, a BDC must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification
requirements. As a RIC, BDCs generally will not have to pay corporate-level taxes on any income they distribute to their stockholders.
We did not meet the qualifications of a RIC for the 2021 or 2022 tax years and will be taxed as a corporation under Subchapter C of the
Code. Further, we do not expect to meet the qualifications of a RIC until such time as certain strategic alternatives are achieved. 

Portfolio Composition and Investment Activity 

Portfolio Composition 

We originate and invest primarily in private
small and lower middle-market companies through first lien loans, second lien loans, unsecured loans, unitranche and mezzanine debt financing,
and corresponding equity investments. United States Treasury securities may be purchased and temporarily held in connection with complying
with RIC diversification requirements under Subchapter M of the Code. 

- 24 - 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had investments
in 6 portfolio companies. The total cost and fair value of the total investments were approximately 39.2 million and 30.6 million,
respectively. The composition of our investments by asset class as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Investments 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Percentage of 
Total 
 Portfolio 
 
 Portfolio Investments 

First Lien Loans 
 10,120,088 
 13,144,967 
 43.01 
 
 Second Lien Loans 
 11,250,000 
 10,976,647 
 35.91 
 
 Unsecured Loans 
 1,381,586 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity 
 16,483,889 
 6,442,474 
 21.08 
 
 Total Portfolio Investments 
 39,235,563 
 30,564,088 
 100.00 
 
 Total Investments 
 39,235,563 
 30,564,088 
 100.00 

At December 31, 2021, the Company had investments
in 7 portfolio companies. The total cost and fair value of the total investments were approximately 46.0 million and 34.3 million,
respectively. The composition of our investments by asset class as of December 31, 2021 is as follows: 

Investments 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Percentage of 
Total 
 Portfolio 
 
 Portfolio Investments 

First Lien Loans 
 15,404,530 
 19,400,200 
 56.6 
 
 Second Lien Loans 
 12,766,144 
 11,435,134 
 33.3 
 
 Unsecured Loans 
 1,381,586 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity 
 16,483,889 
 3,471,758 
 10.1 
 
 Total Portfolio Investments 
 46,036,149 
 34,307,092 
 100.00 
 
 Total Investments 
 46,036,149 
 34,307,092 
 100.00 

At December 31, 2022, our weighted average yield
based upon cost of our portfolio investments was approximately 10.16 of which approximately 10.16 is current cash interest. At December
31, 2021, our weighted average yield based upon cost of our portfolio investments was approximately 9.08 of which approximately 9.08 
is current cash interest. 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we
held no United States Treasury securities. United States Treasury securities may be purchased and temporarily held in connection with
complying with RIC diversification requirements under Subchapter M of the Code. 

Investment Activity 

Our lev el
of investment activity can vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity
capital to middle market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity, the general economic environment and the competitive
environment for the types of investments we make. 

The
primary portfolio investment activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

During
 the second quarter of 2022, Integrated Medical Partners, LLC and its wholly owned subsidiary,
 Dominion Medical Management, Inc. ceased operations and is winding down the business. 

In
 August 2022, Dominion Medical Management, Inc. DMM notified the Company that
 it had paid its senior lender in full. This resulted in the Company s second lien loan
 to DMM becoming a first lien loan. 

- 25 - 

On
 September 2, 2022, the Company entered into a Settlement, Assignment and Acceptance Agreement
 with Great Value Storage, LLC Great Value and its related parties. In exchange
 for a settlement payment of 11,372,699, indemnification secured by 1,000,000 held in trust,
 and dismissal of its claims in the bankruptcy proceeding, the Company agreed to sell, assign
 and transfer its rights to the loans to Great Value and the Judgment against Great Value
 and World Class Capital Group, LLC. The Company received payment in full on October 7, 2022. 

Effective
 December 31, 2022, the Company amended the Revolving Promissory Note with Rockfish Seafood
 Grill, Inc. to extend the maturity date of the note to December 31, 2023. 

Effective
 December 31, 2022, the Company amended the Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory
 Note with Advantis Certified Staffing Solutions, Inc. to extend the maturity date of the
 note to December 31, 2023. 

Asset Quality 

In addition to various risk management and monitoring
tools, our investment advisor used an investment rating system to characterize and monitor the quality of our debt investment portfolio.
Equity securities and Treasury Bills are not graded. This debt investment rating system uses a five-level numeric scale. The following
is a description of the conditions associated with each investment rating: 

Investment Rating 
 
 Summary
 Description 

1 
 
 Investments
 that are performing above expectations, and whose risks remain favorable compared to the expected risk at the time of the original
 investment. 

2 
 
 Investments
 that are performing within expectations and whose risks remain neutral compared to the expected risk at the time of the original
 investment. All new loans will initially be rated 2. 

3 
 
 Investments
 that are performing below expectations and that require closer monitoring, but where no loss of return or principal is expected.
 Portfolio companies with a rating of 3 may be out of compliance with financial covenants. 

4 
 
 Investments
 that are performing substantially below expectations and whose risks have increased substantially since the original investment.
 These investments are often in work out. Investments with a rating of 4 will be those for which some loss of return but no loss of
 principal is expected. 

5 
 
 Investments
 that are performing substantially below expectations and whose risks have increased substantially since the original investment.
 These investments almost always end up in work out. Investments with a rating of 5 are those for which some loss of return and principal
 is expected. 

The following table shows the investment rankings
of our debt investments at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

As of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 
 Investment Rating 
 Fair Value 
 of Total 
 Portfolio 
 Number of 
 Portfolio 
 Companies 
 Fair Value 
 of 
Total 
Portfolio 
 Number of 
 Portfolio 
 Companies 
 
 1 

2 
 7,320,000 
 30.34 
 1 

3 
 12,959,968 
 53.73 
 1 
 21,380,690 
 69.34 
 2 
 
 4 
 3,656,647 
 15.16 
 1 
 9,296,485 
 30.15 
 2 
 
 5 
 184,999 
 0.77 
 1 
 158,159 
 0.51 
 1 

24,121,614 
 100.00 
 4 
 30,835,334 
 100.00 
 5 

Loans and Debt Securities on Non-Accrual Status 

We will not accrue interest on loans and debt
securities if we have reason to doubt our ability to collect such interest. As of December 31, 2022, we had 3 loans on non-accrual status
and as of December 31, 2021, we had 4 loans on non-accrual status. 

- 26 - 

Results of Operations 

An important measure of our financial performance
is net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations, which includes net investment income (loss), net realized gain (loss)
and net change in unrealized gain (loss). Net investment income (loss) is the difference between our income from interest, dividends,
fees and other investment income and our operating expenses including interest on borrowed funds. Net realized gain (loss) on investments
is the difference between the proceeds received from dispositions of portfolio investments and their amortized cost. Net change in unrealized
gain (loss) on investments is the net change in the fair value of our investment portfolio. 

Revenues 

We generate revenue in the form of interest income
on debt investments and capital gains and distributions, if any, on investment securities that we may acquire in portfolio companies.
Our debt investments typically have a term of five to seven years and bear interest at a fixed or floating rate. Interest on our debt
securities is generally payable quarterly. Payments of principal on our debt investments may be amortized over the stated term of the
investment, deferred for several years or due entirely at maturity. In some cases, our debt investments may pay interest in-kind, or
PIK. Any outstanding principal amount of our debt securities and any accrued but unpaid interest will generally become due at the maturity
date. The level of interest income we receive is directly related to the balance of interest-bearing investments multiplied by the weighted
average yield of our investments. We expect that the dollar amount of interest and any dividend income that we earn to increase as the
size of our investment portfolio increases. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of prepayment fees, commitment, loan origination,
structuring or due diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and possibly consulting fees. These fees will be reorganized
as they are earned. 

Expenses 

Our primary operating expenses include the payment
of fees to House Hanover and our allocable portion of overhead expenses under the investment advisory agreements and other operating
costs described below. We bear all other out-o f-pocket costs and expenses of
our operations and transactions, which may include: 

organizational
 and offering expenses; 

expenses
 incurred in valuing the Company s assets and computing its net asset value per share
 (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 

subject
 to the guidelines approved by the Board of Directors, expenses incurred by our investment
 advisor that are payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors,
 in monitoring financial and legal affairs for the Company and in monitoring the Company s
 investments and performing due diligence on the Company s prospective portfolio companies
 or otherwise related to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; 

interest
 payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance the Company s investments and expenses
 related to unsuccessful portfolio acquisition efforts; 

offerings
 of the Company s common stock and other securities; 

administration
 fees; 

transfer
 agent and custody fees and expenses; 

U.S.
 federal and state registration fees of the Company (but not our investment advisor); 

all
 costs of registration and listing the Company s shares on any securities exchange;

U.S.
 federal, state and local taxes; 

independent
 directors fees and expenses; 

costs
 of preparing and filing reports or other documents required of the Company (but not our investment
 advisor) by the SEC or other regulators; 

- 27 - 

costs
 of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs;

the
 costs associated with individual or group stockholders; 

the
 Company s allocable portion of the fidelity bond, directors and officers /errors
 and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

direct
 costs and expenses of administration and operation of the Company, including printing, mailing,
 long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside
 legal costs; and 

all
 other non-investment advisory expenses incurred by the Company in connection with administering
 the Company s business. 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 2021 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 2020 

Total 
 Per 
 Share (1) 
 Total 
 Per 
 Share (1) 
 Total 
 Per 
 Share (1) 

Investment income 

Interest income (2) 
 1,512,329 
 0.013 
 849,731 
 0.007 
 783,633 
 0.007 
 
 Other income 
 42,314 
 0.000 
 24,805 
 0.000 
 121,310 
 0.001 
 
 Total investment income 
 1,554,643 
 0.013 
 874,536 
 0.007 
 904,943 
 0.008 

Operating expenses 

Management fees 
 339,328 
 0.003 
 265,340 
 0.002 
 266,984 
 0.002 
 
 Administration fees 
 403,299 
 0.003 
 402,110 
 0.004 
 396,324 
 0.003 
 
 Audit Fees 
 202,196 
 0.002 
 159,547 
 0.001 
 197,550 
 0.002 
 
 Legal Fees 
 786,720 
 0.007 
 349,332 
 0.003 
 131,451 
 0.001 
 
 Valuation fees 
 121,500 
 0.001 
 132,000 
 0.001 
 159,000 
 0.001 
 
 Other professional fees 
 14,170 
 0.000 
 19,487 
 0.000 
 21,920 
 0.000 
 
 Directors fees 
 150,000 
 0.001 
 150,000 
 0.001 
 150,000 
 0.001 
 
 Insurance expense 
 184,311 
 0.002 
 160,260 
 0.002 
 141,893 
 0.001 
 
 Interest expense 
 4,896 
 0.000 
 188 
 0.000 
 3,598 
 0.000 
 
 Other general and administrative expenses 
 126,721 
 0.001 
 116,058 
 0.001 
 93,053 
 0.001 
 
 Bad debt expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 16,549 
 0.000 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 2,333,141 
 0.020 
 1,754,322 
 0.015 
 1,578,322 
 0.012 
 
 Total net operating expenses 
 2,333,141 
 0.020 
 1,754,322 
 0.015 
 1,578,322 
 0.012 

Net investment income (loss) before tax 
 (778,498 
 (0.006 
 (879,786 
 (0.007 
 (673,379 
 (0.006 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 456 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,816 
 - 
 
 Net investment income (loss) after tax 
 (778,954 
 (0.006 
 (879,786 
 (0.007 
 (675,195 
 (0.006 
 
 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 
 3,057,582 
 0.025 
 12,873,238 
 0.107 
 (2,709,344 
 (0.022 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) 
 4,368,297 
 0.036 
 - 
 - 
 (7,416,250 
 (0.062 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 6,646,925 
 0.055 
 11,993,452 
 0.100 
 (10,800,789 
 (0.090 

(1) The basic per share figures noted above
 are based on a weighted average of 120,486,061, 120,486,061 and 120,486,061 shares outstanding
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, except where such amounts
 need to be adjusted to be consistent with what is disclosed in the financial highlights of
 our financial statements. 

(2) Interest income includes PIK interest of
 0, 97,401, and 21,804, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

- 28 - 

Operating Expenses 

Total net operating expenses increased from 1,754,322
for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 2,333,141 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase is primarily due to an increase
in management, audit and legal expense, and to a lesser extent, insurance and other general and administrative expenses. The increase
was minimally offset by an decrease in valuation fees. 

Total net operating expenses per share increased
from 0.015 per share for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0.020 per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Total net operating expenses increased from 1,578,322
for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 1,754,322 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to an increase
in legal expense, and to a lesser extent, insurance fees and other general and administrative expenses. The increase was minimally offset
by an decrease in audit fees, valuation fees and bad debt expense. 

Total net operating expenses per share increased
from 0.012 per share for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 0.015 per share for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net Investment Income (Loss) 

Net investment income (loss) (after tax) decreased
from (879,786) for the year ended December 31, 2021 to (778,954) for the year ended December 31, 2022. This decrease is primarily due
to an increase in interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 that was greater than the increases in management, audit, legal,
insurance and other general and administrative expenses. 

Net investment income (loss) (after tax) per
share decreased from (0.007) per share for the year ended December 31, 2021 to (0.006) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net investment income (loss) (after tax) increased
from (675,195) for the year ended December 31, 2020 to (879,786) for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is primarily due
to a increase in legal, insurance and other general and administrative expenses as well as a decrease in interest income for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

Net investment income (loss) (after tax) per
share increased from (0.006) per share for the year ended December 31, 2020 to (0.007) per share for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) 

We measure realized gains (losses) by the difference
between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, using the specific identification
method, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized
net realized gain of 4,368,297. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we did
not recognize any realized gain or loss. 

For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized
a net realized loss of 7,416,250 in connection with a loss attributable to the receipt of final proceeds from our loan to Lone Star
Brewery Development Inc. and a gain of 86,731 for the final distribution of escrowed amounts from our previously exited investment in
Spencer Enterprises Holdings, LLC. 

Net Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss) 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) primarily
reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period, including the reversal of previously recorded appreciation
or depreciation when gains or losses are realized. 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments
totaled a gain of 3,057,582 for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily in connection with unrealized gains of 5,227,735, 1,945,866
on Performance Alloys, Inc. and Great Value Storage, LLC Inc, respectively, partially offset by unrealized losses of 1,725,445, 1,585,512
on Rockfish Holdings, LLC and Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments
totaled a gain of 12,873,238 for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily in connection with unrealized gains of 5,065,146, 4,607,710,
 1,725,445, 1,433,557 on Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc., Performance Alloys, Inc., Rockfish Holdings, LLC and Advantis Certified Staffing
Solutions, Inc. 

- 29 - 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments
totaled a loss of (2,709,344) for the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily in connection with unrealized losses of (3,089,886), (1,266,245),
 (1,224,885) on Performance Alloys, Inc., Dominion Medical Management, Inc, and Great Value Storage, LLC, Inc, respectively, partially
offset by unrealized gains of 2,156,147 on Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

We intend to continue to generate cash from future
offerings of securities and cash flows from operations, including earnings on investments in our portfolio and future investments, as
well as interest earned from the temporary investment of cash in U.S. government securities and other high-quality debt investments that
mature in one year or less. We may, if permitted by regulation, seek various forms of leverage and borrow funds to make investments. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,566,546 in
cash and restricted cash, and our net assets totaled 32,083,462. We believe that our anticipated cash flows from operations will be
adequate to meet our cash needs for our daily operations for at least the next 12 months. 

Contractual Obligations 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any
contractual obligations that would trigger the tabular disclosure of contractual obligations under Section 303(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

We have entered into one contract under which
we have material future commitments, the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement, pursuant to which House Hanover serves as our investment
adviser. Payments under the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement in future periods will be equal to a percentage of the value
of our net assets. 

The House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement
is terminable by either party without penalty upon written notice by the Company or 60 days written notice by House Hanover. If
this agreement is terminated, the costs we incur under a new agreement may increase. In addition, we will likely incur significant time
and expense in locating alternative parties to provide the services we expect to receive under our investment advisory agreement. Any
new investment advisory agreement would also be subject to approval by our stockholders. 

Distributions 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company declared and paid a cash dividend of 0.075 per share of common stock on or about December 1, 2022 to stockholders of record
as of the close of business on November 21, 2022. 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021,
no dividends were declared or distributed to stockholders. 

In order to qualify as a RIC and to avoid U.S.
federal corporate level income tax on the income we distribute to our stockholders, we are required to distribute at least 90 of our
net ordinary income and our net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders on an
annual basis. Additionally, we must distribute an amount at least equal to the sum of 98 of our net ordinary income (during the calendar
year) plus 98.2 of our net capital gain income (during each 12-month period ending on October 31) plus any net ordinary income and capital
gain net income for preceding years that were not distributed during such years and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax to avoid
a U.S. federal excise tax. To the extent that we have income available, we intend to make distributions to our stockholders. Our stockholder
distributions, if any, will be determined by our board of directors. Any distribution to our stockholders will be declared out of assets
legally available for distribution. The Company did not meet the requirements to qualify as a RIC for the 2022 and 2021 tax years and
will be taxed as a corporation under Subchapter C of the Code. It may not be in the best interests of the Company s stockholders
to elect to be taxed as a RIC at the present time due to the net operating losses and capital loss carryforwards the Company currently
has. Management will make a determination that is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. While the Company does not
expect to meet the qualifications of a RIC until such time as certain strategic alternatives are achieved, it can still declare a dividend
even though it is not required to do so. 

- 30 - 

We may not be able to achieve operating results
that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of our distributions from time to time. In addition,
we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the asset coverage requirements applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940
Act. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we could suffer adverse tax consequences, including the possible
failure to qualify as a RIC. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions. 

To the extent our taxable earnings fall below
the total amount of our distributions for that fiscal year, a portion of those distributions may be deemed a return of capital to our
stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, the source of a distribution to our stockholders may be the original capital
invested by the stockholder rather than our income or gains. Stockholders should read any written disclosure accompanying any stockholder
distribution carefully and should not assume that the source of any distribution is our ordinary income or capital gains. 

On October 17, 2022, the Board terminated the
Company s opt out dividend reinvestment plan, as disclosed in the Company s 8-K filed on October 19, 2022.
Written notice of such termination was mailed to the Company s stockholders on October 21, 2022, with an effective date of November
20, 2022. As a result, any distributions declared for stockholders of record after November 20, 2022, will be paid in cash. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Related Party Transactions 

Management Fees 

Management fees under the House Hanover Investment
Advisory Agreement for the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 and 2020 were 339,328, 265,340 and 266,984 , respectively. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, management fees of 91,934 and 262,324, respectively, were payable to House Hanover. Previously, House Hanover allowed
management fees to accrue and not be paid to allow the Company to build its cash balance and analyze the best use of its available funds.
Due to its current cash position, the Company has resumed quarterly management fee payments. On April 29, 2021, December 6, 2021, and
November 2, 2022, the Company made payments to House Hanover for management fees in the amount of 285,137, 266,984, and 512,735, respectively. 

Incentive Fees 

The Company is not obligated to pay House Hanover
an incentive fee. Incentive fees are a typical component of investment advisory agreements with business development companies. 

Administration Fees 

House Hanover is entitled to reimbursement of
expenses under the House Hanover Investment Advisory Agreement for administrative services performed for the Company. Administration
fees were 259,500, 270,000 and 270,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as shown on the Statements
of Operations under administration fees. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 64,875 and 273,016 , respectively, of administration
fees owed to House Hanover, as shown on the Statements of Assets and Liabilities under Due to affiliates. Previously, House Hanover allowed
administration fees to accrue and not be paid until such time as the Company has sufficient capital to pay them. Due to its current cash
position, the Company has resumed quarterly administration fee payments. On April 29, 2021, December 6, 2021, and November 2, 2022, the
Company made payments to House Hanover for administration fees in the amount of 202,500, 270,000, and 440,625, respectively. 

On May 1, 2022, Advantis Certified Staffing Solutions,
Inc. Advantis requested one of its directors, Gregory J. Cannella who also serves as our Chief Financial Officer, become
the Executive Chair of Advantis to provide executive authority and leadership in the absence of their former president, who resigned
in March 2022. Mr. Cannella has agreed to take this position and in return will be compensated by Advantis in the amount of 5,000 per
month. The title and benefits of this position can be removed at any time by the board of directors of Advantis. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 of the financial statements for a
description of recent accounting pronouncements, if any, including the expected dates of adoption and the anticipated impact on the financial
statements. 

- 31 - 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of our financial statements and
related disclosures in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment,
financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ. In addition to the
discussion below, our significant accounting policies are further described in the notes to the financial statements. 

Valuation of Portfolio Investments 

As a BDC, we generally invest in illiquid loans
and securities including debt and equity securities of middle-market companies. Under procedures established by our board of directors,
we value investments for which market quotations are readily available at such market quotations. We obtain these market values from
an independent pricing service or at the mean between the bid and ask prices obtained from at least two brokers or dealers (if available,
otherwise by a principal market maker or a primary market dealer). Debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or whose market
prices are not readily available are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors. Such determination of
fair values may involve subjective judgments and estimates, although we engage independent valuation providers to review the valuation
of each portfolio investment that does not have a readily available market quotation quarterly. Investments purchased within 60 days
of maturity are valued at cost plus accreted discount, or minus amortized premium, which approximate fair value. With respect to unquoted
securities, our board of directors values each investment considering, among other measures, discounted cash flow models, comparisons
of financial ratios of peer companies that are public and other factors, which are provided by a nationally recognized independent valuation
firm. This valuation firm provides a range of values for selected investments, which is presented to the Valuation Committee to determine
the value for each of the selected investments. 

When an external event such as a purchase transaction,
public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, our board of directors uses the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate
and/or assist us in our valuation. Because there is not a readily available market for substantially all of the investments in our portfolio,
we value our portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors using a documented valuation policy
and a consistently applied valuation process. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not
have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been
used had a readily available market value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. 

With
respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our board of directors undertakes a multi-step valuation
process each quarter, as described below: 

Our
 quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially
 valued by an independent valuation firm, except for those investments where market quotations
 are readily available; 

Preliminary
 valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with our senior management, our investment
 advisor, and our auditors; 

The
 valuation committee of our board of directors then reviews these preliminary valuations and
 approves them for recommendation to the board of directors; 

The
 board of directors then discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment
 in our portfolio in good faith, based on the input of our investment advisor, the independent
 valuation firm and the valuation committee. 

Revenue Recognition 

Realized gain (loss) on the sale of investments
is the difference between the proceeds received from dispositions of portfolio investments and their stated costs. Realized gains or
losses on the sale of investments are calculated using the specific identification method. 

- 32 - 

Interest income, adjusted for amortization of
premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. For loans and
debt securities with contractual PIK interest, which represents contractual interest accrued and added to the loan balance that generally
becomes due at maturity, we do not accrue PIK interest if the portfolio company valuation indicates that such PIK interest is not collectible.
Generally, we will not accrue interest on loans and debt securities if we have reason to doubt our ability to collect such interest.
Loan origination fees, original issue discount and market discount or premium are capitalized, and we then accrete or amortize such amounts
using the effective interest method as interest income. Upon the prepayment of a loan or debt security, any unamortized loan origination
is recorded as interest income. We record prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income. 

Dividend income, if any, will be recognized on
the ex-dividend date. 

Generally, when a payment default occurs on a
loan in the portfolio, or if the Company otherwise believes that the borrower will not be able to make contractual interest payments,
the Company may place the loan on non-accrual status and cease recognizing interest income on the loan until all principal and interest
is current through payment, or until a restructuring occurs, and the interest income is deemed to be collectible. The Company may make
exceptions to this policy if a loan has sufficient collateral value, is in the process of collection or is viewed to be able to pay all
amounts due if the loan were to be collected on through an investment in or sale of the business, the sale of the assets of the business,
or some portion or combination thereof. 

Recent Developments 

Portfolio Activity 

Subsequent to the year ending December 31,
 2022 and through the date of this filing, there was no portfolio activity or other events to report. 

COVID-19 

The Company is subject to risks associated with
unforeseen events, including but not limited to, natural disasters, acts of terrorism and the emergence of a pandemic or other public
health emergencies, which could create economic, financial and business disruptions. Certain impacts from the COVID-19 outbreak and its
variants may have a significant negative impact on the Company s operations and performance. These circumstances may continue for
an extended period of time, and may have an adverse impact on economic and market conditions. The ultimate economic fallout from the
pandemic, and the long-term impact on economies, markets, industries and individual companies, are not known. The extent of the impact
to the financial performance and the operations of the Company will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted. 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

We are subject to financial market risks, including
credit risk, illiquidity of investments in our portfolio and changes in interest rates. 

Credit risk is the primary market risk associated
with our business. Credit risk originates from the fact that some of our portfolio companies may become unable or unwilling to fulfill
their contractual payment obligations to us and may eventually default on those obligations. These contractual payment obligations arise
under the debt securities and other investments that we hold. They include payment of interest, principal, dividends, fees and payments
under guarantees and similar instruments. 

We primarily invest in illiquid debt and other
securities of small and mid-sized private companies. In some cases these investments include additional equity components. Our investments
may have no established trading market or are generally subject to restrictions on resale. The illiquidity of our investments may adversely
affect our ability to dispose of debt and equity securities at times when it may be otherwise advantageous for us to liquidate such investments.
As of December 31, 2022, all of our debt investments are fixed rate. 

- 33 - 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Index to Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID Number 100) 
 F-1 
 
 Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 
 
 Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 
 F-6 
 
 Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 
 F-9 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-12 

- 34 - 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Princeton Capital Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying Statements of Assets
and Liabilities of Princeton Capital Corporation (the "Company"), including the schedules of investments, as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our procedures included verification by confirmation of securities as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the portfolio companies and custodians, or by other appropriate auditing procedures where replies
were not received. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
Audit Committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate
opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Fair value of investments 

As discussed in Note 5 to the financial statements,
the Company measures substantially all of its investments at fair value using unobservable inputs and assumptions as there is no readily
available market value. As of December 31, 2022, total investments at fair value were 30,564,088. 

We identified the evaluation of the fair value of
investments as a critical audit matter. Assessment of the Company s judgments regarding the use of specific valuation techniques,
inputs and assumptions involved a high degree of subjective auditor judgment. Changes in these techniques, inputs and assumptions could
have a significant impact on the fair value of investments. In particular, the Company uses the market and cost approaches to determine
enterprise values, and also relies upon the current value method to value certain equity and debt investments. Additionally, the Company
makes judgments relating to credit risk, guideline company market multiples, guideline transaction multiples, replacement cost indications
and financial performance measures used to determine enterprise values and total equity value indications. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included, among
others, either (i) testing management s process for determining the fair value estimate, which included evaluating the appropriateness
of the market approach, income approach, or cost approach; testing the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of the underlying data used
in the technique; and evaluating the significant unobservable inputs and assumptions used by management, including the selected valuation
multiples, discount rates, market yields or replacement or reproduction cost indications, by considering the consistency and reasonableness
of the unobservable inputs relative to the performance and condition of the subject company or assets, and the external market and industry
data and evidence obtained in other areas of the audit; or (ii) the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge
to assist in developing an independent fair value estimate range for certain level 3 debt and equity investments, and comparison of management s
fair value indications to the independently developed range of fair value estimates. Developing the independent range involved selection
of significant unobservable inputs for the market multiples, discount rates or market yields, or replacement or reproduction cost indications,
in order to evaluate the reasonableness of management s fair value estimate of these certain level 3 investments, using a range
of available market information. 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 

/s/ 

March 30, 2023 

PCAOB Number 

F- 1 

PRINCETON CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 
STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Control investments at fair value (cost of and , respectively) 

Non-control/non-affiliate investments at fair value (cost of and , respectively) 

Total investments at fair value (cost of and , respectively) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Due from portfolio companies 

Interest receivable, net of allowance for bad debt of and , respectively 

Taxes receivable 
 -

Prepaid expenses 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Accrued management fees 

Accounts payable 

Due to affiliates (1 

Deferred fee income 
 -

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Net assets 

NET ASSETS 

Common Stock, par value per share shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021) 

Paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total net assets 

Net asset value per share 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed financial statements. 

F- 2 

PRINCETON CAPITAL
CORPORATION 
 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 INVESTMENT INCOME 

Interest income from non-control/non-affiliate investments 

Interest income from control investments 

Interest income paid-in-kind from control investments 
 -

Other income from non-control/non-affiliate investments 

Other income from non-investment sources (Note 2) 

Total investment income 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Management fees 

Administration fees 

Audit fees 

Legal fees (Note 2) 

Valuation fees 

Other professional fees 

Directors fees 

Insurance expense 

Interest expense 

Other general and administrative expenses 

Bad debt expense 
 -
 
 -

Total operating expenses 

Net investment loss before tax 

Income tax expense 
 
 -

Net investment loss after taxes 

Net realized gain (loss) on: 

Non-control/non-affiliate investments 
 
 -

Total net realized gain (loss) 
 
 -

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments: 

Non-control/non-affiliate investments 

Control investments 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Net investment income (loss) per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed financial statements. 

F- 3 

PRINCETON CAPITAL
CORPORATION 
 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net assets at beginning of year 

Increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations: 

Net investment income (loss) 

Realized gain/loss on investments 
 
 - 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Distributions 

Dividends declared 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total distributions 
 
 - 
 - 

Total increase (decrease) in net assets 

Net Assets at December 31 

Capital share activity: 

Common stock 

Common stock outstanding at the beginning of year 

Common stock outstanding at the end of year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed financial statements. 

F- 4 

PRINCETON CAPITAL
CORPORATION 
 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Purchases of investments in: 

Portfolio investments 
 -
 
 -

Proceeds from sales, repayments, or maturity of investments in: 

Portfolio investments 

Net realized (gain) loss on investments 
 
 -

Net change in unrealized (gain) loss on investments 

Increase in investments due to PIK 
 -

Allowance for bad debt 
 
 -

Changes in other operating assets and liabilities: 

Due from portfolio companies 

Interest receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Tax receivable 

Other receivable 
 -
 
 -

Accrued management fees 

Accounts payable 

Due to affiliates 

Tax expense payable 
 -

Deferred fee income 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Cash dividends paid 
 
 -
 
 -

Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 -
 
 -

Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow financing activities: 

Interest expense paid 

Income tax paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed financial statements. 

F- 5 

PRINCETON CAPITAL
CORPORATION 

SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
as of December 31, 2022 

Investments 
 Headquarters / Industry 
 Acquisition Date 
 Principal Amount/ Shares/ Ownership 
 Amortized Cost 
 Fair 
Value (1) 
 of Net Assets 
 
 Portfolio Investments (6) 

Control investments 

Advantis Certified Staffing Solutions, Inc. 
 Houston, TX 

Second Lien Loan, Cash, due (2) (5) (7) 
 Staffing 

Unsecured loan , due (7) 

-
 
 -

Common Stock Series A (5) (7) 

-
 
 -

Common Stock Series B (5) (7) 

-
 
 -

Warrant for Shares of Series A Common Stock, exercise price per share, expires (5) (7) 

-
 
 -

Warrant for Shares of Series A Common Stock, exercise price per share, expires (5) (7) 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

Dominion Medical Management, Inc. 
 Milwaukee, WI 

First Lien Loan, Cash, PIK due, (2) (3) (5) (7) 
 Medical Business Services 

Integrated Medical Partners, LLC 

Preferred Membership, Class A units (5) (7) 

-
 
 -

Preferred Membership, Class B units (5) (7) 

-
 
 -

Common Units (5) (7) 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

PCC SBH Sub, Inc. 
 Karnes City, TX 

Common stock (5) (7) 
 Energy Services 

Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. 
 Richardson, TX 

First Lien Loan, Cash, PIK, due (3) (7) 
 Casual Dining 

Revolving Loan, Cash, due (7) 

Rockfish Holdings, LLC 

Warrant for Membership
Interest, exercise price per membership interest, expires (5) (7) 

-
 
 -

Membership Interest Class A (5) (7) 

-
 
 -

Total 

-
 
 -

Total control investments 

Non-control/non-affiliate investments 

Performance Alloys, LLC 
 Houston, TX 

Second Lien Loan, Cash, due (7) 
 Nickel Pipe, Fittings Flanges 

Membership Interest Class B (5) (7) 

Total 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed financial statements. 

F- 6 

PRINCETON CAPITAL CORPORATION 

SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS as of December
31, 2022 

(Continued) 

Investments 
 Headquarters / Industry 
 Acquisition 

Date 
 Principal 
 Amount/ Shares/ Ownership 
 Amortized Cost 
 Fair Value (1) 
 
of 
Net Assets 
 
 Non-control/non-affiliate investments (continued) 

Rampart Detection Systems, Ltd. 
 British Columbia, Canada 

Common Stock Shares (4) 5) 
 Security 

-

Total non-control/non-affiliate investments 

Total Portfolio Investments 

Total Investments 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed financial statements. 

F- 7 

PRINCETON CAPITAL CORPORATION 

SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS as of December
31, 2022 

(Continued) 

The following tables show the fair value
of our portfolio of investments (excluding U.S. Treasury Bills) by geography and industry as of December 31, 2022. 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Geography 
 Investments at 
 Fair Value 
 Percentage of 
 Net Assets 

United States 

Canada 

Total 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Industry 
 Investments at 
 Fair Value 
 Percentage of 
Net Assets 

Casual Dining 

Nickel Pipe, Fittings and Flanges 

Staffing 

Energy Services 

Medical Business Services 

Security 

Total 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial
statements. 

F- 8 

PRINCETON CAPITAL
CORPORATION 

SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
as of December 31, 2021 

Investments 
 Headquarters / Industry 
 Acquisition Date 
 Principal Amount/ Shares/ Ownership 
 Amortized Cost 
 Fair 
 Value (1) 
 of 
Net Assets 
 
 Portfolio Investments (6) 

Control investments 

Advantis Certified Staffing Solutions, Inc. 
 Houston, TX 

Second Lien Loan, Cash, due (2) (5) (7) 
 Staffing 

Unsecured loan , due (7) 

-
 
 -

Common Stock Series A (5) (7) 

-
 
 -

Common Stock Series B (5) (7) 

-
 
 -

Warrant for Shares of Series A Common Stock, exercise price per share, expires (5) (7) 

-
 
 -

Warrant for Shares of Series A Common Stock, exercise price per share, expires (5) (7) 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

Dominion Medical Management, Inc. 
 Milwaukee, WI 

Second Lien Loan, Cash, PIK due, (2) (3) (5) (7) 
 Medical Business Services 

Integrated Medical Partners, LLC 

Preferred Membership, Class A units (5) (7) 

-
 
 -

Preferred Membership, Class B units (5) (7) 

-
 
 -

Common Units (5) (7) 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

PCC SBH Sub, Inc. 
 Karnes City, TX 

Common stock (5) (7) 
 Energy Services 

Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. 
 Richardson, TX 

First Lien Loan, Cash, PIK, due (2) (3) (5) (7) 
 Casual Dining 

Revolving Loan, Cash, due (7) 

Rockfish Holdings, LLC 

Warrant for Membership Interest, exercise price per membership interest, expires (5) (7) 

Membership Interest Class A (5) (7) 

Total 

Total control investments 

Non-control/non-affiliate investments 

Great Value Storage, LLC 
 Austin, TX 

First Lien Loan, cash, PIK, due (2) (3) (5) (7) (8) 
 Storage Company Property Management 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed financial statements. 

F- 9 

PRINCETON CAPITAL
CORPORATION 

SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
as of December 31, 2021 
(Continued) 

Investments 
 Headquarters / 
 Industry 
 Acquisition 

Date 
 Principal 
 Amount/Shares/ Ownership 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair Value (1) 
 
of 
 Net Assets 
 
 Non-control/non-affiliate investments (continued) 

Performance Alloys, LLC 
 Houston, TX 

Second Lien Loan, Cash, due (7) 
 Nickel Pipe, Fittings Flanges 

Membership Interest Class B (5) (7) 

-
 
 -

Total 

Rampart Detection Systems, Ltd. 
 British Columbia, Canada 

Common Stock Shares (4) 5) 
 Security 

-

Total non-control/non-affiliate investments 

Total Portfolio Investments 

Total Investments 

(1) See Note 5 of the Notes to Financial Statements for a discussion
of the methodologies used to value securities in the portfolio. 

(2) Investment is on non-accrual status. 

(3) Represents a security with a payment-in-kind component PIK ).
At the option of the issuer, interest can be paid in cash or cash and PIK. The percentage of PIK shown is the maximum PIK that can be
elected by the portfolio company. 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) Represents an investment valued using significant unobservable
inputs. 

(8) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed financial statements. 

F- 10 

PRINCETON CAPITAL
CORPORATION 

SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
as of December 31, 2021 
(Continued) 

The following tables show the fair value
of our portfolio of investments (excluding U.S. Treasury Bills) by geography and industry as of December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Geography 
 Investments at Fair Value 
 Percentage of Net Assets 

United States 

Canada 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Industry 
 Investments at Fair Value 
 Percentage of Net Assets 

Casual Dining 

Nickel Pipe, Fittings and Flanges 

Storage Company Property Management 

Staffing 

Energy Services 

Medical Business Services 

Security 
 
 -

Total 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed financial statements. 

F- 11 

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

F- 12 

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

of the voting securities or maintains greater than 
of the board representation. Under the 1940 Act, Affiliated Investments are defined as those non-control investments in
companies in which the Company owns between 5 and 25 of the voting securities. Under the 1940 Act, Non-affiliated Investments 
are defined as investments that are neither Control Investments nor Affiliated Investments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had
control investments in Advantis Certified Staffing Solutions, Inc., PCC SBH Sub, Inc., Rockfish Holdings, LLC, Rockfish Seafood Grill,
Inc., Integrated Medical Partners, LLC and Dominion Medical Management, Inc. as defined under the 1940 Act. As of December 31, 2021,
the Company had control investments in Advantis Certified Staffing Solutions, Inc., PCC SBH Sub, Inc., Rockfish Holdings, LLC, Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc., Integrated Medical Partners, LLC and Dominion Medical Management, Inc. as defined under the 1940 Act. 

F- 13 

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

F- 14 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

F- 15 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access
to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Cash Equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and present insignificant
risk of changes in value. 

Restricted
 Cash 

Total
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

F- 16 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

, and , respectively. 

of the
other income from non-investment sources resulted from the reversal of previously accrued administration fees. For the year ended December
31, 2021, all other income from non-investment sources was generated from interest income earned on cash in the Company s bank account.
For the year ended December 31, 2020, of the other income from non-investment sources resulted from the reversal of previously
accrued valuation fees. 

F- 17 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

, and , respectively. In order to qualify as a RIC, substantially all of this
income must be paid out to stockholders in the form of dividends, even if we have not collected any cash. 

and ,
respectively. These amounts are recoverable per the loan agreements and are invoiced to GVS and included in the account Due from portfolio
companies on the Statements of Assets and Liabilities. The amount invoiced to the Company after the final judgment received on March
4, 2021, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. These amounts are for fees incurred
to recover our judgment and were expensed to Legal fees on the Statements of Operations. 

F- 18 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

of investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code, for each year. So long as the Company achieves its status as a RIC, it
generally will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal and state income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that it distributes
at least annually to its stockholders as dividends. Rather, any tax liability related to income earned by the Company will represent
obligations of the Company s investors and will not be reflected in the financial statements of the Company. While the Company
does not expect to meet the qualifications of a RIC until such time as certain strategic alternatives are achieved, it can still declare
a dividend even though it is not required to do so. 

per share of common stock on or about December
1, 2022 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 21, 2022. 

F- 19 

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding for year 

Basic 

Diluted 

Basic
 and diluted net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share 

Basic 

Diluted 

F- 20 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

Second
 Lien Loans 
 - 
 - 

Equity 
 - 
 - 

Total
 Portfolio Investments 
 - 
 - 

Total
 Investments 
 - 
 - 

Second
 Lien Loans 
 - 
 - 

Equity 
 - 
 - 

Total
 Portfolio Investments 
 - 
 - 

Total
 Investments 
 - 
 - 

F- 21 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

- 

Purchases
 of investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sales
 or repayment of investments 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Payment-in-kind
 interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Realized
 gain (loss) on investments 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Change
 in unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

- 

Transfers
 in/out 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fair
 value at end of year 

- 

Change
 in unrealized gain (loss) on Level 3 investments still held as of December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

Purchases
 of investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sales
 or repayment of investments 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Payment-in-kind
 interest 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Realized
 gain (loss) on investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change
 in unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

- 

Transfer
 due to restructuring 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fair
 value at end of year 

- 

Change
 in unrealized gain (loss) on Level 3 investments still held as of December 31, 2021 

- 

F- 22 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

Total 

Second Lien Loans 

Total 

Unsecured Loans 
 -

Total 
 -

Equity 

Total 

Total Level 3 Investments 

F- 23 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

, has been valued using unadjusted third party transactions. The other remaining Level 3 investment, valued at ,
was an investment in a portfolio company that ceased operations in the 2nd quarter of 2022. This value consisted of an estimate of remaining
cash available to distribute to priority lienholders. As a result, there were no unobservable inputs that have been internally developed
by the Company in determining the fair values of these investments as of December 31, 2022.	 

Total 

Second Lien Loans 

Total 

Unsecured Loans 
 - 

Total 
 -

Equity 

Total 

Total Level 3 Investments 

F- 24 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

have been valued using unadjusted third party transactions.
As a result, there were no unobservable inputs that have been internally developed by the Company in determining the fair values of these
investments as of December 31, 2021. 

F- 25 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

Deferred
 expense (benefit) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 expense (benefit) 
 - 
 - 

Net capital loss carryforwards 

Other 

Basis differences in investments 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

and , respectively. The federal net operating loss
carryforwards in the amount of will expire in 2037. The federal net operating loss carryforwards in the amount of 
will not expire, but can only be used to offset of taxable income. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount of federal capital
loss carryforwards was approximately and , respectively. The federal capital loss carryforwards in the amount of
 will expire in 2025. 

F- 26 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

Federal payable true up 

- 

- 

- 

Permanent items 

- 

- 

Capital loss carryforward expiration 

- 

- 

Deferred true-up 

- 

() 
 
 Rate change 

- 

- 

- 

Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Other 

- 

- 

- 

Effective tax rate 

- 

- 

- 

of its investment company taxable income to
qualify for the special treatment accorded to a RIC and, if the Company qualifies, to maintain its RIC status. As part of maintaining
RIC status, undistributed taxable income (subject to a excise tax) pertaining to a given fiscal year may be distributed up to 12 months
subsequent to the end of that fiscal year, provided such dividends are declared prior to the later of (1) the fifteenth day of the ninth
month following the close of that fiscal year or (2) the extended due date for filing the federal income tax return for that fiscal year. 

F- 27 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

of the Company s gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed
funds or other forms of leverage and excluding cash and cash equivalents net of all indebtedness of the Company for borrowed money and
other liabilities of the Company. The base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears, and determined as set forth in the preceding
sentence at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. The Board may retroactively adjust the valuation of the Company s
assets and the resulting calculation of the base management fee in the event the Company or any of its assets are sold or transferred
to an independent third party or the Company or House Hanover receives an audit report or other independent third party valuation of
the Company. To the extent that any such adjustment increases or decreases the base management fee of any prior period, the Company will
be obligated to pay the amount of increase to House Hanover or House Hanover will be obligated to refund the decreased amount, as applicable. 

, 
and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, management fees of and , respectively were payable to House
Hanover. Previously, House Hanover allowed management fees to accrue and not be paid until such time as the Company has sufficient capital
to pay them. Due to its current cash position, the Company has resumed quarterly management fee payments. On April 29, 2021, December
6, 2021 and November 2, 2022, the Company made payments to House Hanover for management fees in the amount of , and
 , respectively. 

F- 28 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

in the aggregate in any calendar quarter will require advance approval by the Board of
the Company. 

F- 29 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

F- 30 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

F- 31 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

annual minimum as adjusted for any reimbursement of expenses. This annual
minimum was amended in the service agreement on April 20, 2019 and increased on July 1, 2020, July 1, 2021 and again on July 1, 2022
by the US Consumer Price Index All Urban Consumers per the service agreement. This asset-based fee will vary depending upon our
gross assets, as adjusted, as follows: 

20 basis points (0.20 

15 basis points (0.15 

10 basis points (0.10 

5 basis points (0.05 

, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and sub-administration
fees were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as shown on the Statements
of Operations under administration fees. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and , respectively, of administration
fees owed to House Hanover, as shown on the Statements of Assets and Liabilities under Due to affiliates. Previously, House Hanover allowed
administration fees to accrue and not be paid until such time as the Company has sufficient capital to pay them. Due to its current cash
position, the Company will resume quarterly administration fee payments. On April 29, 2021, December 6, 2021, and November 2, 2022, the
Company made payments to House Hanover for administration fees in the amount of , , and , respectively. 

per month.
The title and benefits of this position can be removed at any time by the board of directors of Advantis. 

F- 32 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

Net
 investment income (loss) 

Change
 in unrealized gain (loss) 

Realized
 gain (loss) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Dividend
 distribution 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 asset value at end of period 

Total
 return based on net asset value (2) 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding for period, basic 

Ratio/Supplemental
 Data: 

Net
 assets at end of period 

Average
 net assets 

Total
 operating expenses to average net assets 

Net
 operating expenses to average net assets 

Net
 operating expenses excluding management fees, incentive fees, and interest expense to average net assets 

Net
 investment income (loss) to average net assets 

Net
 investment income (loss) to average net assets, excluding other income from non-investment sources 

Net
 increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to average net assets 

Portfolio
 Turnover 

F- 33 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

. 

million for our claim. On, April 27, 2022, the
Company filed an adversary proceeding in the bankruptcy court to recover amounts owed to the Company. 

to be funded out of the million reserve in the bankruptcy court. Further, the GVS affiliated parties agreed to indemnify the Company
and retain million on reserve in the bankruptcy court for any future legal fees or claims related to the settlement. On October 7,
2022, the Company closed the settlement and received . 

F- 34 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

level at December 31, 2022 as
prescribed under Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X. The Company has included the audited financial statements of Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc.
for the year ended December 28, 2022. See Item 15. Exhibits And Financial Statement Schedules. 

F- 35 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

Noncurrent Assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Current Liabilities 

Noncurrent Liabilities 
 - 

Gross Profit 

Net Income (Loss) 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Income
 tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 Investment Income (Loss) 

Net
 Realized Gain on Investments 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 Change in Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) 

Net
 Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Net
 Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets from Operations per Common Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted
 Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic 

Weighted
 Average Common Shares Outstanding - Diluted 

F- 36 

PRINCETON
 CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Income
 tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 Investment Income (Loss) 

Net
 Realized Loss on Investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 Change in Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) 

Net
 Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Net
 Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets from Operations per Common Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted
 Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic 

Weighted
 Average Common Shares Outstanding - Diluted 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Income
 tax expense (benefit) 

Net
 Investment Income (Loss) 

Net
 Realized Gain/(Loss) on Investments 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 Change in Unrealized Depreciation 

Net
 Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Net
 Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets from Operations per Common Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted
 Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic 

Weighted
 Average Common Shares Outstanding - Diluted 

F- 37 

PRINCETON CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2022 

Cash, due (3) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Unsecured loan Consolidated BL Note due 12/31/2023 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 Stock Series A (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 Stock Series B (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrant for Shares of Series A Common Stock, exercise price per share, expires (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrant for Shares of Series A Common Stock, exercise price per share, expires (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dominion
 Medical Management, Inc. 

First Lien Loan, Cash, PIK due, (2) (3) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Integrated
 Medical Partners, LLC 

Preferred
 Membership Class A units (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred
 Membership Class B units (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 Units (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 PCC SBH
 Sub, Inc. 

Common
 Stock (3) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Rockfish
 Seafood Grill, Inc. 

First Lien Loan, Cash, PIK, due 

- 
 - 
 - 

Revolving Loan, PIK, due 12/31/2023 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Rockfish
 Holdings, LLC 

Warrant for Membership Interest, exercise price per membership interest, expires (3) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Membership
 Interest Class A (3) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Control Investments 

- 
 - 
 - 

F- 38 

PRINCETON CAPITAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2022 

Schedule 12-14 

Cash, due (3) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Unsecured loan Consolidated BL Note due 12/31/2022 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 Stock Series A (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 Stock Series B (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrant for Shares of Series A Common Stock, exercise price per share, expires (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrant for Shares of Series A Common Stock, exercise price per share, expires (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dominion
 Medical Management, Inc. 

Second Lien Loan, Cash, PIK due, (2) (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Integrated
 Medical Partners, LLC 

Preferred
 Membership Class A units (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred
 Membership Class B units (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 Units (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 PCC SBH
 Sub, Inc. 

Common
 Stock (3) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Rockfish
 Seafood Grill, Inc. 

First Lien Loan, Cash, PIK, due (3) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Revolving Loan, PIK, due 12/31/2022 

- 

Rockfish
 Holdings, LLC 

Warrant for Membership Interest, exercise price per membership interest, expires (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Membership
 Interest Class A (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total
 Control Investments 

- 

End of notes to financial
statements. 

F- 39 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a) Evaluation
 of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company s management, under the direction,
supervision, and involvement of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has carried out an evaluation, as of the end
of the period covered by this report, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) of the Company. Based
on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer has concluded that disclosure controls and procedures in place at the Company are effective
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to the Company s management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based closely on the definition
of disclosure controls and procedures in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. 

(b) Management s
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the direction, supervision and participation of the Company s management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer, the Company s management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013) COSO-Framework ). Based upon that evaluation, the Company s
CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered
by this report. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules for non-accelerated
filers by the Securities and Exchange Commission permitting the company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

No changes to our internal control over financial
reporting occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not Applicable. 

- 35 - 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Director and Executive Officer Information 

The following table sets
forth the names, ages and positions held by each of our directors and executive officers, followed by a brief biography of each individual,
including the business experience of each individual during the past five years and the specific qualifications that led to the conclusion
that each individual should serve as a director. 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 

Director
 Since 
 
 Term
 Expires 

Interested Directors 

Mark
 S. DiSalvo 
 
 68 

Interim
 Chief Executive Officer, Interim President, and Director 

2016 
 
 2023 

Independent
 Directors 

Darren
 Stainrod 
 
 58 

Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 

2016 
 
 2023 
 
 Greg
 Bennett 
 
 50 

Director 

2016 
 
 2023 
 
 Martin
 Laidlaw 
 
 66 

Director 

2016 
 
 2023 

Executive
 Officers 

Gregory
 J. Cannella 
 
 48 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer 

Mark S. DiSalvo ,
68, serves as our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President. He was originally elected to the Company s Board on June
9, 2016 and most recently re-elected to the Board by the Company s stockholders at the 2022 Annual Meeting on December 15, 2022.
He is the President and CEO of Sema4, Inc., a leading global professional services provider of private equity funds-under-management.
He has been a senior executive and entrepreneur at international companies such as Euromoney Institutional Investor and Fairfield Whitney,
and was founder of Hall, Berwick and DiSalvo where he provided funding and management advisory services to zero and first stage entities
prior to founding Sema4. He has extensive experience in private equity, entrepreneurial management, and emerging market strategy, particularly
as to underserved markets and economic development. A frequent speaker at worldwide industry conferences, he is a charter member of the
Inner City Economic Forum. Mr. DiSalvo was educated at the University of Massachusetts, degreed in Political Studies and has earned the
professional designations CPC and CTA. He has been a long-time lecturer at the Johnson School of Business at Cornell University and the
Kellogg School of Business at Northwestern University in their full-time MBA programs where he contributed case studies in private equity,
emerging market economics and cross-border M A. We believe Mr. DiSalvo s broad experience with private equity funds and early
stage growth companies makes him a well-qualified member of our Board. 

Darren Stainrod ,
58, serves as the Chairman of the Company s Board and was originally elected to the Company s Board on January 18, 2016 and
most recently re-elected to the Board by the Company s stockholders at the 2022 Annual Meeting on December 15, 2022. Mr. Stainrod
is a Principal of Marbury Fund Services (Cayman) Limited Marbury ), a fiduciary services company focused on the alternative
investment industry and licensed by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority. He is registered as a director with the Authority pursuant
to the Directors Licensing and Registration Law, 2014. Prior to joining Marbury, Mr. Stainrod was a Principal at HighWater Limited in
Cayman for almost 3 years where he provided professional director services to hedge funds, fund of funds and private equity vehicles.
Before becoming a professional director in May 2013, Mr. Stainrod spent 17 years at UBS where he was a Managing Director and the Global
Head of UBS Alternative Fund Services. At UBS he had responsibility for the overall management and development of the global hedge fund
administration business in seven countries with more than 300 staff servicing alternative investment funds with over 200 billion in
assets under administration. Before joining UBS, he worked for three years with Coopers Lybrand in Cayman and four years with Deloitte
in the UK. Mr. Stainrod holds a BA (Hons) in Politics from the University of Reading in the UK. He is a member of the Institute of Chartered
Accountants in England and Wales and the Cayman Islands Institute of Professional Accountants. He is a past Chairman of the Cayman Islands
Fund Administrators Association and is the current Treasurer of AIMA Cayman Chapter. Mr. Stainrod brings to the Board extensive experience
as a director of hedge funds, fund of funds and private equity funds as well as considerable experience in the investment fund industry,
all of which provide our Board with valuable insight. Mr. Stainrod serves as chairman of the Company s Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee and he is a member of the Company s Audit Committee and the Company s Valuation Committee. 

- 36 - 

Martin Laidlaw ,
66, who was originally elected by the Board on January 18, 2016 and most recently re-elected to the Board by the Company s stockholders
at the 2022 Annual Meeting on December 15, 2022, provides Director Services in and from the Cayman Islands. Martin has over 30 years
of experience in the offshore financial industry and has an extensive range of experience with all forms of investment fund products
and has held numerous directorship positions for a wide variety of offshore fund vehicles. Previously, Mr. Laidlaw was a Director of
a Premier Fiduciary Services Company providing Directorship services. He was also a former Managing Director of a Fund Administration
entity. Martin was previously employed by CIBC Bank and Trust Company (Cayman) Limited from 1989 through 2009. He was appointed Director
and Head of Fund Services and was responsible for leading the fund services team and developing new business and client relationships.
Prior to his years at CIBC, he was employed with KPMG, Cayman Islands where he led various financial services audits. He was a founding
member, Director and Treasurer of the Cayman Islands Fund Administrators Association. Martin graduated from Edinburgh University in Scotland
with a Bachelor of Commerce Degree. He was admitted as a Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland in February, 1984
and continues to maintain his qualification. Mr. Laidlaw s extensive experience in the financial industry, including his financial
and accounting background, and his experience as a director of various offshore fund vehicles makes him well qualified to serve on our
Board. Mr. Laidlaw serves as chairman of the Company s Audit Committee and he is a member of the Company s Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee and the Company s Valuation Committee. 

Greg Bennett ,
50, who was originally elected to the Company s Board on June 9, 2016 and most recently re-elected to the Board by the Company s
stockholders at the 2022 Annual Meeting on December 15, 2022, is the founder of Azimuth Governance Limited Azimuth ). Mr.
Bennett has more than twenty five years of experience in financial services having started his professional career with Coopers 
Lybrand in Canada in 1996. From 2011 through 2014, prior to founding Azimuth, Mr. Bennett was a Director of The Harbour Trust Co. Ltd.,
where he provided fiduciary services to their clients, including serving as an independent hedge fund director. In 2004 Mr. Bennett joined
Butterfield Fund Services (Cayman) Limited as head of client relationship management and he became a Director of that firm in 2005. In
2008 he was promoted to Managing Director where he had responsibility for all aspects of the business, including managing over 75 staff
responsible for providing full fund administration services to a wide range of hedge fund clients with in excess of 30 billion in assets
under management. In 2010 Mr. Bennett established the Cayman office of HedgeServ and held the position of Managing Director. Mr. Bennett
graduated with a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Alberta in Canada in 1995. He is a Chartered Accountant (Canada), a Certified
Public Accountant (US), and a CFA Charterholder. Mr. Bennett is also a past Director of Hedge Funds Care Cayman, past Deputy Chairman
of the Cayman Islands Fund Administrators Association, past Treasurer of AIMA Cayman and a past President of the CFA Society of the Cayman
Islands. Mr. Bennett s considerable experience in the financial services industry and as a director of various hedge funds and
his accounting background make him well qualified to serve on our Board. Mr. Bennett serves as chairman of the Company s Valuation
Committee and he is a member of the Company s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Company s Audit Committee. 

Gregory J. Cannella ,
48, has served as our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary since March 13, 2015. Mr. Cannella is responsible for financial
reporting, investor communications, financial modeling and due diligence and analysis of acquisitions and dispositions. Prior to this,
Mr. Cannella was the Chief Financial Officer of Capital Point Partners, a private equity group that focused on mezzanine lending to small
and middle market private companies, where he was responsible for financial reporting, investor communications, financial modeling and
due diligence and analysis of acquisitions and dispositions. Prior to working at Capital Point Partners, Mr. Cannella was an Asset Manager
at First Commonwealth Holdings Corp., a wealth management firm in Houston, Texas where he was responsible for managing various commercial
and multi-family residential real estate investment funds as well as oversight of accounting functions and reporting for the funds. Mr.
Cannella received a B.B.A. in Management from Stephen F. Austin State University and an M.B.A. with honors in Accounting and Finance
from the University of Houston. He is a Certified Public Accountant in the State of Texas. 

- 37 - 

Information About Chief Compliance Officer 

Florina Klingbaum 
has served as our Chief Compliance Officer since January 1, 2018. Ms. Klingbaum is a Managing Member of Altemis Capital Management LLC
an investment management provider specializing in compliance and regulatory services. Ms. Klingbaum also serves as the Chief Compliance
Officer of House Hanover, LLC House Hanover ), the investment advisor of the Company. From 2015-2016, she served as a Consultant
for Nuveen Investments in New York City. During her career, Ms. Klingbaum has held senior roles at both Citigroup Global Markets as well
as Credit Suisse. She has extensive experience in alternative investments, structured products and overall fund operations including
fund administration, accounting, regulatory, compliance and fund liquidation services. Ms. Klingbaum started her career at KPMG LLP where
she was a Senior Auditor in the Financial Services division. She holds two Masters degrees, in Accounting and Business Administration
respectively, from Pace University, a BA in Sociology from the University of Toronto, and is a CPA. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the disclosure requirements of Item 405 of SEC Regulation S-K require that our directors and executive
officers, and any persons holding more than 10 of any class of our equity securities report their ownership of such equity securities
and any subsequent changes in that ownership to the SEC and to us. 

Based solely on a review
of the written statements and copies of such reports furnished to us by our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial
owners, we believe that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to the executive
officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were timely satisfied. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and
Statement on the Prohibition of Insider Trading 

Our Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics and Statement on the Prohibition of Insider Trading (the Code of Ethics ), which is signed by directors and executive
officers of the Company, requires that directors and executive officers avoid any conflict, or the appearance of a conflict, between
an individual s personal interests and the interests of the Company. Pursuant to the Code of Ethics which is available on our website
under the Corporate Governance link under the Princeton Capital Corporation link at www.princetoncapitalcorp.com,
each director and executive officer must disclose any conflicts of interest, or actions or relationships that might give rise to a conflict,
to the audit committee. Certain actions or relationships that might give rise to a conflict of interest are reviewed and approved by
the Board. The Code of Ethics also contains our policies and procedures relating to insider trading and material non-public information. 

Nomination of Directors 

There have been no material
changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors implemented since the filing of our
Proxy Statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Audit Committee 

The members of the audit
committee are Messrs. Laidlaw, Stainrod, and Bennett each of whom meets the independence standards established by the SEC and the NASDAQ
(the NASDAQ for audit committees and is independent for purposes of the 1940 Act. Mr. Laidlaw serves as chairman of the
audit committee. Our Board has determined that Mr. Laidlaw is an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined
under Item 407 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Board has adopted a charter of the audit committee,
which is available in print to any stockholder who requests it and it is also available on the Company s website at www.princetoncapitalcorp.com.
The audit committee met five times and took action by written consent on one occasion during the year ended December 31, 2022. Each member
attended 100 of the audit committee meetings that were held while the director was a member of the audit committee in 2022. 

The audit committee is responsible
for approving our independent accountants, reviewing with our independent accountants the plans and results of the audit engagement,
approving professional services provided by our independent accountants, reviewing the independence of our independent accountants and
reviewing the adequacy of our internal accounting controls. The audit committee is also responsible for aiding our Board in fair value
pricing debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or for which current market values are not readily available. The Board
and audit committee utilizes the services of an independent valuation firm to help them determine the fair value of these securities.
Given that the audit committee is comprised of all the independent directors on the Board, the audit committee may also be tasked with
special investigations into director and/or officer conduct, conflicts of interest, or other claims impacting the Company. 

- 38 - 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation of Executive Officers 

None of our officers receive
direct compensation from the Company. Mr. DiSalvo, through his financial interest in House Hanover is entitled to receive and has received
a portion of investment advisory fees paid by the Company to House Hanover under the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Company.
Our other executive officers will be paid by House Hanover, subject to reimbursement by us of our allocable portion of such compensation
for services rendered by such persons to the Company under the Investment Advisory Agreement. To the extent that House Hanover outsources
any of its functions, we will reimburse House Hanover for the fees associated with such functions without profit or benefit to House
Hanover. 

Compensation of Directors 

Each independent director
receives an annual fee of 30,000. In addition, they will also receive 1,500 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with attending in person or telephonically each regular board of directors meeting and each special telephonic
meeting. They will also receive 1,500 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with each committee
meeting attended in person and each telephonic committee meeting. The chairmen of the audit committee, the valuation committee and the
nominating and corporate governance committee will receive an annual fee of 3,500, respectively. On March 13, 2017, the independent
directors agreed to cap director s fees at 50,000 per independent director annually, and to have an amount of 12,500 advanced
to them each quarter, subject to true up at the end of each quarter. We have obtained directors and officers liability
insurance on behalf of our directors and officers. No compensation is paid to directors who are interested persons. 

The following table shows
information regarding the compensation earned by our directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. No compensation is paid by
us to any interested director or executive officer of the Company. 

Name 
 Aggregate Compensation 
 from Princeton Capital 
 Corporation 
 Pension or Retirement 
 Benefits Accrued as Part of 
 Company Expenses (1) 
 Total Compensation from 
 Princeton Capital 
 Corporation 
 
 Interested Directors: 

Mark S. DiSalvo 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 Independent Directors: 

Greg Bennett 
 50,000 
 None 
 50,000 
 
 Martin Laidlaw 
 50,000 
 None 
 50,000 
 
 Darren Stainrod 
 50,000 
 None 
 50,000 

(1) We do not have a profit-sharing or retirement plan,
 and directors do not receive any pension or retirement benefits. 

Compensation Committee 

We do not have a compensation
committee or a committee performing similar functions because our executive officers do not receive any direct compensation from the
Company. All decisions concerning compensation of House Hanover are made by the Board (with Mr. DiSalvo recusing himself from deliberations
and voting). Executive officers of the Company are employees or independent contractors of, and are compensated by, House Hanover. Compensation
payable by the Company to the Advisor is required to be approved by a majority of the Company s independent directors pursuant
to Section 15(c) of the 1940 Act. Since the Audit Committee consists of a majority of the independent directors of the Company, the Company
has allocated responsibility to consider the compensation paid to the Advisor to the Audit Committee. 

The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee will review the form and amount of independent director compensation at least annually and make any changes, as
it deems appropriate. 

- 39 - 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth, as of March 27,
2023, the beneficial ownership of each current director, the Company s executive officers, each person known to us to beneficially
own 5 or more of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, and the executive officers and directors as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Common stock subject to options or warrants
that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 27, 2023 are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by
the person holding such options or warrants. Such shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage
ownership of any other person. Percentage of ownership is based on 120,486,061 shares of the Company s common stock outstanding
as of March 27, 2023. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
to our knowledge, each stockholder listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned by
the stockholder, except to the extent authority is shared by their spouses under applicable law. The address of all executive officers
and directors is c/o Princeton Capital Corporation, 800 Turnpike Street, Suite 300, North Andover, Massachusetts 01845. 

The Company s directors are divided into
two groups - interested directors and independent directors. Interested directors are interested persons as defined in Section
2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act and the NASDAQ NASDAQ Stock Market Rules, as the Over the Counter Pink Open Market exchange where
the Company trades, does not establish director independence standards. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Owned Beneficially (1) 
 Percentage of Class (2) 
 
 Interested Directors 

Mark S. DiSalvo (3) 
 115,484,327 
 95.85 

Independent Directors 

Greg Bennett 
 0 

Martin Laidlaw 
 0 

Darren Stainrod 
 0 

Executive Officers 

Mark S. DiSalvo (3) 
 115,484,327 
 95.85 
 
 Gregory J. Cannella 
 0 

Executive officers and directors as a group 
 115,484,327 
 95.85 
 
 Greater than 5 Holders 

Capital Point Partners, LP (4) 
 104,562,000 
 86.78 
 
 Capital Point Partners II, LP (4) 
 10,922,327 
 9.07 

Indicates less than 1 

(1) Beneficial
 ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended. 

(2) Based
 on a total of 120,486,061 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding on March 27,
 2023. 

(3) Mr.
 DiSalvo, by virtue of his ownership of all of the outstanding stock of Sema4, Inc., the general
 partner of Capital Point Partners, LP CPP and Capital Point Partners II,
 LP CPP II ), may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the 104,562,000 shares
 of the Company s common stock owned by CPP and the 10,922,327 shares of the Company s
 common stock owned by CPP II. Mr. DiSalvo and Sema4, Inc. each disclaims beneficial ownership
 of any shares held by CPP and CPP II, except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein.
 The address of Sema4, Inc., CPP and CPP II is 800 Turnpike Street, Suite 300, North Andover,
 MA 01854. 

(4) This
 information is based on information included in the Schedule 13D filed with the SEC. 

- 40 - 

The following table sets forth as of March 27,
2023, the dollar range of our securities owned by our directors and executive officers. The Company is not part of a family of
investment companies, as that term is defined in Schedule 14A. 

Name 
 Dollar 
 Range of 
Equity Securities 
 Beneficially 
 Owned (1)(2) 
 Aggregate Dollar Range of Equity 
 Securities in All Funds Overseen or to 
be Overseen by Director or Nominee 
 in Family of Investment Companies 
 
 Interested Director: 

Mark S. DiSalvo 
 Over 100,000 
 n/a 

Independent Directors: 

Greg Bennett 
 None 
 n/a 
 
 Martin Laidlaw 
 None 
 n/a 
 
 Darren Stainrod 
 None 
 n/a 

Executive Officers: 

Mark S. DiSalvo 
 Over 100,000 
 n/a 
 
 Gregory J. Cannella 
 None 
 n/a 

(1) 
 The dollar range of the equity securities beneficially owned is based on the closing price per share of the Company s common stock of 0.19 on March 27, 2023 on the Pink Open Market. 

(2) The
 dollar ranges of equity securities beneficially owned are: none; 1 10,000; 10,001 50,000;
 50,001 100,000; and over 100,000. 

W e
also note that Florina Klingbaum, our Chief Compliance Officer, does not own any securities of the Company. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions with Related Persons 

We have procedures in
place for the review, approval and monitoring of transactions involving us and certain persons related to us. As a business
development company, the 1940 Act restricts us from participating in transactions with any persons affiliated with us, including our
officers, directors, and employees and any person controlling or under common control with us or our affiliates, subject to certain
exceptions. In the ordinary course of business, we may enter into transactions with portfolio companies that may be considered
related party transactions. We have implemented certain procedures, both written and unwritten, to ensure that we do not engage in
any prohibited transactions with any persons affiliated with us. If such affiliations are found to exist, we will seek Board and/or
committee review and approval or exemptive relief for such transactions, as appropriate. In
accordance with NASDAQ Rule 5630, an independent body of the Board shall be responsible for conducting an appropriate review and
oversight of all related party transactions. The Board has delegated this responsibility to the Audit Committee. 

As disclosed in various filings
with the SEC, House Hanover has served as the Company s investment advisor since January 1, 2018 under an Interim Investment Advisory
Agreement that took effect on January 1, 2018 and terminated on May 30, 2018 (the Interim Investment Advisory Agreement and an Investment Advisory Agreement that took effect on May 31, 2018 (the Investment Advisory Agreement ). The Investment
Advisory Agreement was approved by the Company s stockholder at the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The value of the Interim
Investment Advisory Agreement and the Investment Advisory Agreement was determined based on a management fee. The amount of management
fees accrued to House Hanover for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, under the Investment Advisory Agreement were 339,328. In
addition to compensation based on a management fee, the Investment Advisory Agreement also provides for, subject to approval by the Board
of Directors, reimbursement for the portion of any compensation expense and the costs of any salaries of any such employees to the extent
attributable to services performed by such employees for the Company Administration Expenses ). The amount of administration
expenses accrued for House Hanover for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 under the Investment Advisory Agreement was 259,500.
House Hanover is controlled by Mr. DiSalvo. 

- 41 - 

Mr. DiSalvo owns all of the
interests in Sema4, Inc., the general partner of Capital Point Partners, LP and Capital Point Partners II, LP, which own approximately
87 and 9 of our common stock, respectively. 

Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related
Persons 

We have also adopted a Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics which applies to, among others, our senior officers, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as well as all of our officers, directors and employees. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires that all employees
and directors avoid any conflict, or the appearance of a conflict, between an individual s personal interests and our interests.
Pursuant to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, each employee and director must disclose any conflicts of interest, or actions or
relationships that might give rise to a conflict. Our Audit Committee is charged with approving any waivers under our Code of Ethics. 

Director Independence 

In accordance with rules of
the NASDAQ, the Board annually determines the independence of each director. No director is considered independent unless the Board has
determined that he or she has no material relationship with the Company. The Company monitors the status of its directors and officers
through the activities of the Company s nominating and corporate governance committee and through a questionnaire to be completed
by each director no less frequently than annually (and most recently in February of 2023), with updates periodically if information provided
in the most recent questionnaire has changed. 

In order to evaluate the materiality
of any such relationship, the Board uses the definition of director independence set forth in the rules promulgated by the NASDAQ Stock
Market. Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that a director of a business development company BDC shall be considered to be independent
if he or she is not an interested person of the Company, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Section 2(a)(19)
of the 1940 Act defines an interested person to include, among other things, any person who has, or within the last two
years had, a material business or professional relationship with the Company. 

The Board has determined that
each of the directors is independent and has no relationship with the Company, except as a director and stockholder of the Company, with
the exception of Mr. DiSalvo. Mr. DiSalvo is an interested person of the Company due to his interests in House Hanover, our investment
advisor, his position as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President of the Company, and his interests in Sema4, Inc., the
general partner of Capital Point Partners, LP and Capital Point Partners II, LP, which own approximately 87 and 9 of our common stock,
respectively. 

- 42 - 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANTS FEES AND SERVICES 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

(fiscal year ended December 31, 2022) 

The following aggregate fees
by WithumSmith, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were billed
to the Company for work attributable to audit, tax and other services. 

WithumSmith Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 186,196 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 
 Total Fees: 
 186,196 

Services rendered by WithumSmith in connection
with fees presented above were as follows: 

Audit Fees. Audit
fees include fees for services that normally would be provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings
or engagements and that generally only the independent accountant can provide. In addition to fees for the audit of our annual financial
statements, the audit of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and the review of our quarterly financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, this category contains fees for comfort letters, statutory audits,
consents, and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit
related fees are assurance related services that traditionally are performed by the independent accountant, such as attest services that
are not required by statute or regulation. 

Tax Fees. Tax fees include
professional fees for tax compliance and tax advice. 

All Other Fees. Fees
for other services would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 

In the fiscal year 2022, the
percentage of services designated for Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees, Tax Fees, and All Other Fees that were approved by the audit committee
were 100 , 0 , 0 , and 0 , respectively. 

- 43 - 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

(fiscal year ended December 31, 2021) 

The following aggregate fees
by WithumSmith, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, were billed
to the Company for work attributable to audit, tax and other services. 

WithumSmith Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 159,547 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 
 Total Fees: 
 159,547 

Services rendered by WithumSmith in connection
with fees presented above were as follows: 

Audit Fees. Audit
fees include fees for services that normally would be provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings
or engagements and that generally only the independent accountant can provide. In addition to fees for the audit of our annual financial
statements, the audit of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and the review of our quarterly financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, this category contains fees for comfort letters, statutory audits,
consents, and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit
related fees are assurance related services that traditionally are performed by the independent accountant, such as attest services that
are not required by statute or regulation. 

Tax Fees. Tax fees include
professional fees for tax compliance and tax advice. 

All Other Fees. Fees
for other services would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 

In the fiscal year 2021, the
percentage of services designated for Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees, Tax Fees, and All Other Fees that were approved by the audit committee
were 100 , 0 , 0 , and 0 , respectively. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

The Audit Committee has established
a pre-approval policy that describes the permitted audit, audit-related, tax and other services to be provided by the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm. The policy requires that the Audit Committee pre-approve all audit and non-audit services
performed by the independent auditor in order to assure that the provision of such service does not impair the auditor s independence.
In accordance with the pre-approval policy, the Audit Committee includes every year a discussion and pre-approval of such services and
the expected costs of such services for the year. 

Any requests for audit, audit-related,
tax and other services that have not received general pre-approval at the first Audit Committee meeting of the year must be submitted
to the Audit Committee for specific pre-approval, irrespective of the amount, and cannot commence until such approval has been granted.
Normally, pre-approval is provided at regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee. However, the Audit Committee may delegate
pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member or members to whom such authority is delegated shall report any pre-approval
decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve
services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm to management. 

- 44 - 

PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

a. Documents
Filed as Part of this Report 

The
 following financial statements are set forth in Item 8: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm (PCAOB Firm ID Number 100 
 F-1 
 
 Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December
 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December
 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December
 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 
 
 Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 
 F-6 
 
 Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 
 F-9 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-12 

b. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this
report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between Regal One Corporation and Princeton Capital Corporation (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 19, 2015). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 19, 2015). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Princeton Capital Corporation (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on December 14, 2016). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 19, 2015). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Second Amendment to Bylaws (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 27, 2018). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Third Amendment to Bylaws (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 19, 2020). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 19, 2015). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Custody Agreement between Registrant and U.S. Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on April 15, 2015). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Administration Agreement between Registrant and PCC Administrator LLC (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on April 15, 2015). 
 
 10.3 
 
 License Agreement between the Registrant and Princeton Investment Advisors, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on April 15, 2015). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and the executive officers and directors. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on April 15, 2015). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement between Registrant and House Hanover, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 31, 2018) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 14.1 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on December 14, 2016). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audited Financial Statements of Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. as of and for the years ended December 28, 2022 and December 29, 2021. 
 
 99.2 
 
 Audited Financial Statements of Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. as of and for the year ended December 29, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 31, 2022). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

- 45 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Princeton Capital Corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Mark S.
 DiSalvo 

Mark S. DiSalvo 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: March 30, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

NAME 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/
 Mark S. DiSalvo 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director, 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Mark S. DiSalvo 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Gregory J. Cannella 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Gregory J. Cannella 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Darren Stainrod 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Darren Stainrod 

/s/
 Martin Laidlaw 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Martin Laidlaw 

/s/
 Greg Bennett 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Greg Bennett 

- 46 - 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-2_princetoncap.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Princeton Capital Corporation we, our or the Company has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ):
its common stock, par value 0.001 per share common stock ). The following description of the Company s common stock
is based on, as applicable, the relevant portions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL ), the Company s
Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended (the Charter ), and its Bylaws, as amended (the Bylaws ).
This summary is a description of the material terms of, and is qualified in its entirety by, the Charter and the Bylaws, each of which
is incorporated by reference herein. As a result, this summary may not contain all of the information that is important to you. We
refer you to the MGCL, our Charter and Bylaws for a more detailed description of the provisions summarized below. 

Description of Our Capital Stock 

Our
authorized stock consists of 250,000,000 shares of stock, par value 0.001 per share, all of which are initially designated as common
stock. Our common stock is currently traded on the Pink Open Market operated by OTC Markets Group under the ticker symbol PIAC. 
There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our stock. No stock has been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation
plans. Our fiscal year-end is December 31 st . Under Maryland law, our stockholders generally are not personally liable
for our debts or obligations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 120,486,061 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 

Under
our Charter, our board of directors is authorized to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series
of stock without obtaining stockholder approval. As permitted by the MGCL, our Charter provides that the board of directors, without any
action by our stockholders, may amend the Charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or
the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue. 

Common Stock 

All
shares of our common stock have equal rights as to earnings, assets, voting, and distributions and, when they are issued, will be duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Distributions may be paid to the holders of our common stock if, as and when
authorized by our board of directors and declared by us out of assets legally available therefor. Shares of our common stock have no preemptive,
conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities
laws or by contract. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our common stock would be entitled to share
ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any
preferential rights of holders of our preferred stock, if any preferred stock is outstanding at such time. Each share of our common stock
is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as provided with
respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of our common stock will possess exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative
voting in the election of directors, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of
our directors, and holders of less than a majority of such shares will be unable to elect any director. 

Limitation on Liability
of Directors and Officers; Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 

Maryland
law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation
and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (a) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in
money, property or services or (b) active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment and which is material to the
cause of action. Our Charter contains such a provision which eliminates directors and officers liability to the maximum
extent permitted by Maryland law, subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). 

Our
Charter authorizes us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, to indemnify any
present or former director or officer or any individual who, while a director and at our request, serves or has served another corporation,
real estate investment trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner
or trustee, from and against any claim or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of
his or her status as a present or former director or officer and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition
of a proceeding. Our Bylaws obligate us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act,
to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while a director and at our request, serves or has served
another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director,
officer, partner or trustee and who is made a party to the proceeding by reason of his service in that capacity from and against any claim
or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of his or her status as a present or former
director or officer and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. The Charter and
Bylaws also permit us to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served a predecessor of us in any of the capacities described
above and any of our employees or agents or any employees or agents of our predecessor. In accordance with the 1940 Act, we will not indemnify
any person for any liability to which such person would be subject by reason of such person s willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross
negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his office. 

Maryland
law requires a corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our Charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who
has been successful in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity.
Maryland law permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties,
fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made a party
by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that (a) the act or omission of the director or
officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (1) was committed in bad faith or (2) was the result of
active and deliberate dishonesty, (b) the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or
services or (c) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission
was unlawful. However, under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right
of the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that a personal benefit was improperly received, unless in either case
a court orders indemnification, and then only for expenses. In addition, Maryland law permits a corporation to advance reasonable expenses
to a director or officer upon the corporation s receipt of (a) a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her
good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation and (b) a written
undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined
that the standard of conduct was not met. 

Certain Provisions
of the Maryland General Corporation Law and Our Charter and Bylaws 

The
MGCL and our Charter and Bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to acquire us by means of
a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate
takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. We believe that
the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other
things, the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 

Election of Directors 

Our
Bylaws provide that the affirmative vote of the holders of a plurality of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote in the election
of directors cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present will be required to elect a director. Pursuant
to our Bylaws, our board of directors may amend the Bylaws to alter the vote required to elect directors. 

Number of Directors;
Vacancies; Removal 

Our
Charter provides that the number of directors will be set only by the board of directors in accordance with our Bylaws. Our Bylaws provide
that a majority of our entire board of directors may at any time increase or decrease the number of directors. However, unless our Bylaws
are amended, the number of directors may never be less than one nor more than nine. We have elected to be subject to the provision of
Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL regarding the filling of vacancies on the board of directors. Accordingly, except as may be
provided by the board of directors in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any and all vacancies on the board
of directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors
do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship
in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. 

Our
Charter provides that a director may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority
of all the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. 

Action by Stockholders 

Under
the MGCL, stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders or (unless the charter provides for stockholder
action by less than unanimous written consent, which our Charter so provides) by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting. 

2 

Our
Charter provides that any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without
a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed
by the holders of the outstanding capital stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize
or take such action at a meeting at which all outstanding shares of capital stock were present and voted. 

These
provisions, combined with the requirements of our Bylaws regarding the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders
discussed below, may have the effect of delaying consideration of a stockholder proposal until the next annual meeting. 

Advance Notice
Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 

Our
Bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to the board of directors and
the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (a) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (b) by
the board of directors or (c) by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice
procedures of our Bylaws. With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may
be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors at a special meeting may be made only (1) pursuant
to our notice of the meeting, (2) by the board of directors or (3) provided that the board of directors has determined that
directors will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance
notice provisions of the Bylaws. The purpose of requiring stockholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business is
to afford our board of directors a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability
of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our board of directors, to inform stockholders and
make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of
stockholders. Although our Bylaws do not give our board of directors any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for the election
of directors or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors
or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from
conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration
of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 

Calling of Special
Meetings of Stockholders 

Our
Bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called by our board of directors and certain of our officers. Additionally,
our Bylaws provide that, subject to the satisfaction of certain procedural and informational requirements by the stockholders requesting
the meeting, a special meeting of stockholders will be called by the secretary of the corporation upon the written request of stockholders
entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. 

Approval of Extraordinary
Corporate Action; Amendment of Charter and Bylaws 

Under
Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets,
engage in a share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business, unless approved by the affirmative
vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, a Maryland
corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the
votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our Charter generally provides for approval of Charter amendments and extraordinary transactions
by the stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our Charter also provides that
certain Charter amendments, any proposal for our conversion, whether by Charter amendment, merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company
to an open-end company and any proposal for our liquidation or dissolution requires the approval of the stockholders entitled
to cast at least 80 of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter. However, if such amendment or proposal is approved by a majority
of our continuing directors (in addition to approval by our board of directors), such amendment or proposal may be approved by a majority
of the votes entitled to be cast on such a matter. In either event, in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act, any such amendment
or proposal that would have the effect of changing the nature of our business so as to cause us to cease to be, or to withdraw our election
as, a business development company would be required to be approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities, as defined under
the 1940 Act. The continuing directors are defined in our Charter as (a) our current directors, (b) those directors
whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of our
current directors then on the board of directors or (c) any successor directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders
or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of continuing directors or the successor continuing directors
then in office. 

Our
Charter and Bylaws provide that the board of directors have the exclusive power to make, alter, amend or repeal any provision of our Bylaws. 

3 

No Appraisal Rights 

Except
with respect to appraisal rights arising in connection with the Control Share Act discussed below, as permitted by the MGCL, our Charter
provides that stockholders will not be entitled to exercise appraisal rights unless a majority of the board of directors shall determine
such rights apply. 

Control Share Acquisitions 

The
MGCL provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the
extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, or the Control Share Act. Shares owned
by the acquirer, by officers or by directors who are employees of the corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter.
Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquirer or in respect of which
the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle
the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: 

one-tenth or more but less than one-third; 

one-third or more but less than a majority; or 

a majority or more of all voting power. 

The
requisite stockholder approval must be obtained each time an acquirer crosses one of the thresholds of voting power set forth above. Control
shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval.
A control share acquisition means the acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 

A
person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the board of directors of the corporation to call a special
meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling
of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting.
If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 

If
voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by
the statute, then the corporation may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have
previously been approved. The right of the corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations, including,
as provided in our Bylaws, compliance with the 1940 Act. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for
the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquirer or of any meeting of stockholders at which the
voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting
and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights.
The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the
acquirer in the control share acquisition. 

The
Control Share Act does not apply (a) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party
to the transaction or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. Our Bylaws contain a
provision exempting from the Control Share Act any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares of stock. There can be no assurance
that such provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. However, we will amend our Bylaws to be subject to the
Control Share Act only if the board of directors determines that it would be in our best interests, including in light of the board of
directors fiduciary obligations, applicable federal and state laws, and the particular facts and circumstances surrounding the
board of directors decision. 

Business Combinations 

Under
Maryland law, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested
stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder
(the Business Combination Act ). These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances
specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined
as: 

any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock; or 

4 

an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 

A
person is not an interested stockholder under this statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which the
stockholder otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may provide
that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board. 

After
the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended
by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 

80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation; and 

two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 

These
super-majority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under
Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder
for its shares. 

The
statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors before
the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our board of directors has adopted a resolution that any business
combination between us and any other person is exempted from the provisions of the Business Combination Act, provided that the business
combination is first approved by the board of directors, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons as defined
in the 1940 Act. This resolution may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time; however, our board of directors will adopt
resolutions so as to make us subject to the provisions of the Business Combination Act only if the board of directors determines that
it would be in our best interests and if the SEC staff does not object to our determination that our being subject to the Business Combination
Act does not conflict with the 1940 Act. If this resolution is repealed, or the board of directors does not otherwise approve a business
combination, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 

Conflict with 1940
Act 

Our
Bylaws provide that, if and to the extent that any provision of the MGCL, including the Control Share Act (if we amend our Bylaws to be
subject to such Act) and the Business Combination Act, or any provision of our Charter or Bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940
Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act will control. 

Exclusive Forum 

Our
Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of a different forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland,
or, if that court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Northern Division, will be
the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the corporation other than actions arising
under federal securities laws, (b) any Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined in the MGCL, or any successor provision thereof,
including, without limitation, (i) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee
of the corporation to the corporation or to the stockholders of the corporation, or (ii) any action asserting a claim against the corporation
or any director or officer or other employee of the corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL, the Charter or the Bylaws,
or (c) any other action asserting a claim against the corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the corporation that
is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. None of the foregoing actions, claims or proceedings may be brought in any court sitting
outside the State of Maryland unless we consent in writing to such court. Our Bylaws does not apply to lawsuits asserting claims brought
to enforce a duty or liability arising exclusively under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the
Exchange Act, or the 1940 Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

Unless
we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland shall, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising
under the Securities Act. This paragraph does not apply to claims arising exclusively under the Exchange Act or the 1940 Act, or any other
claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

5 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_princetoncap.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Mark S. DiSalvo, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Princeton Capital Corporation (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Mark S.
 DiSalvo 

Mark S. DiSalvo 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_princetoncap.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Gregory J. Cannella, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Princeton Capital Corporation (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Gregory
 J. Cannella 

Gregory J. Cannella 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 f10k2022ex32_princetoncap.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, who are the Interim Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer of Princeton Capital Corporation (the Company ), each hereby certify that to the best of his
knowledge (1) this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (2) the information contained in this Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Mark S.
 DiSalvo 

Mark S. DiSalvo 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Gregory
 J. Cannella 

Gregory J. Cannella 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-99.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex99-1_princeton.htm
 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF ROCKFISH SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 28, 2022 AND DECEMBER 29, 2021

Exhibit 99.1 

ROCKFISH SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Years Ended December 28, 2022 and December 29,
2021 
with Report of Independent Auditors 

ROCKFISH SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
December 28, 2022 and December 29, 2021 
Table of Contents 

Independent Auditor s Report 
 1 

Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Deficit 
 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 

Plano Office 
 5908 Headquarters Drive 
Suite 300 
 Plano, Texas 75024 
469.776.3610 Main 

whitleypenn.com 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc. 

Opinion 

We have audited the consolidated
financial statements of Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company ), which comprise the consolidated
balance sheets as of December 28, 2022 and December 29, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

In our opinion, the accompanying
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 28, 2022
and December 29, 2021 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). 

Basis for Opinion 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America GAAS ). Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are
required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements
relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
opinion. 

Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 

Management is responsible for the
preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and for the design, implementation,
and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

In preparing the consolidated financial
statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements
are issued. 

Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Financial Statements 

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. 

1 

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance
but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements
are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment
made by a reasonable user based on the consolidated financial statements. 

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we: 

Exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 

Identify
and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and
perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

Obtain
an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion
is expressed. 

Evaluate
the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well
as evaluate the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. 

Conclude
whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 

We are required to communicate with those charged
with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal
control related matters that we identified during the audit. 

Plano, Texas 
March 22, 2023 

2 

ROCKFISH
SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 28, 
2022 
 December 29, 
2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 1,150,853 
 2,166,557 
 
 Inventories 
 102,572 
 141,319 
 
 Prepaid expense and other current assets 
 76,673 
 115,613 
 
 Total current assets 
 1,330,098 
 2,423,489 

Property and equipment, net 
 946,581 
 1,219,724 

Other assets: 

Intangibles, net 
 - 
 53,250 
 
 Other 
 34,629 
 43,189 
 
 Right of use asset - operating leases 
 4,221,762 
 - 
 
 Total other assets 
 4,256,391 
 96,439 

Total Assets 
 6,533,070 
 3,739,652 

Liabilities and Stockholder's Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 
 427,333 
 489,727 
 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 474,394 
 897,010 
 
 Operating lease liability, current portion 
 1,054,396 
 - 
 
 Related party debt 
 11,653,621 
 11,106,731 
 
 Related party accrued interest 
 3,841,103 
 3,481,861 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program loans 
 - 
 2,000,000 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 17,450,847 
 17,975,329 

Non-current liabilities: 

Operating lease liability 
 3,813,524 
 - 

Total liabilities 
 21,264,371 
 17,975,329 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholder's Deficit 

Common stock, .001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; 1,000 shares used and outstanding 
 1 
 1 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 9,029,237 
 9,029,237 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (23,760,539 
 (23,264,915 
 
 Total stockholder's deficit 
 (14,731,301 
 (14,235,677 

Total Liabilities and Stockholder's Deficit 
 6,533,070 
 3,739,652 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

3 

ROCKFISH SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATION 

December 28, 
2022 
 December 29, 
2021 

Restaurant revenues 
 15,963,561 
 17,519,438 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 5,022,476 
 5,335,595 
 
 Gross profit 
 10,941,085 
 12,183,843 

Operating Cost and Expenses 

Restaurant expenses 
 10,586,985 
 10,818,401 
 
 Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and intangibles 
 490,810 
 494,280 
 
 General and administration 
 338,001 
 379,051 
 
 Total operating costs and expenses 
 11,415,796 
 11,691,732 

Operating (loss) income 
 (474,711 
 492,111 

Other income and expenses 

Gain on extinguishment of paycheck protection program loans 
 2,000,000 
 1,936,785 
 
 Other (expense) income 
 (178,248 
 254,954 
 
 Related party interest expense 
 (1,457,156 
 (1,405,106 
 
 Total other income 
 364,596 
 786,633 

Provision for franchise taxes 
 37,250 
 30,000 

Net (loss) income 
 (147,365 
 1,248,744 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

4 

ROCKFISH SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES TO STOCKHOLDER'S DEFICIT 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 28, 2022 AND DECEMBER 29, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 30, 2020 
 1,000 
 1 
 9,029,237 
 (24,513,299 
 (15,484,061 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,248,384 
 1,248,384 

Balance at December 29, 2021 
 1,000 
 1 
 9,029,237 
 (23,264,915 
 (14,235,677 

Impact of adoption of lease accounting standard 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (348,259 
 (348,259 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (147,365 
 (147,365 

Balance at December 28, 2022 
 1,000 
 1 
 9,029,237 
 (23,760,539 
 (14,731,301 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

5 

ROCKFISH
SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

December 28, 
2022 
 December 29, 
2021 
 
 Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) income 
 (147,365 
 1,248,384 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and intangibles 
 490,810 
 494,280 
 
 Non-cash interest expense on related party debt 
 1,457,156 
 1,022,391 
 
 Non-cash lease costs 
 1,007,991 
 - 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of Paycheck Protection Program loans 
 (2,000,000 
 (1,936,785 
 
 Loss on disposal of equipment 
 70,471 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventories 
 38,747 
 (27,867 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 38,940 
 (21,619 
 
 Other assets 
 8,560 
 17,190 
 
 Operating lease liability 
 (1,019,646 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 (726,480 
 (1,341,716 
 
 Net cash used in operating expenses 
 (780,816 
 (545,742 

Investing Activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 (234,888 
 (120,944 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (234,888 
 (120,944 

Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from PPP loans 
 - 
 2,000,000 
 
 Payments on notes payable 
 - 
 (230,570 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 - 
 1,769,430 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (1,015,704 
 1,102,744 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 2,166,557 
 1,063,813 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 1,150,853 
 2,166,557 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for interest 
 551,024 
 464,858 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash information: 

Right of use asset assumed through lease liability 
 4,810,606 
 - 

Lease assumed through lease liability 
 5,457,719 
 - 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

6 

ROCKFISH
SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 28,
2022 AND DECEMBER 29, 2021 

A. Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Nature of Operations 

Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc., is a Delaware Corporation
formed on June 18, 2008, for the purpose of acquiring the net assets of Rockfish Seafood Grill, LLC. on July 28, 2008. Rockfish Seafood
Grill Inc. owns 100 of Rockfish Beverage Corporation, Inc. (collectively, the Company ). The Company operated 7 and 10 restaurants
in Texas under the name of Rockfish Seafood Grill as of December 28, 2022 and December 29, 2021, respectively. Rockfish Seafood Grill,
Inc. is 100 owned by Rockfish Holdings, LLC Parent ). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc. and its 100 owned subsidiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the report amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. 

Fiscal Year 

The Company reports on a 52-week year.
Fiscal year 2022 began on December 30, 2021 and ended December 28, 2022. Fiscal year 2021 began on December 31, 2020 and ended on
December 29, 2021. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all liquid investments with
original maturities of three months or less and credit card clearing accounts to be cash equivalents. At December 28, 2022 and December
29, 2021, the Company had no such investments. The Company maintains deposits primarily in one financial institution, which may at times
exceed amounts covered by insurance provided by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). The Company has not
experienced any losses related to amounts in excess of FDIC limits. 

Inventory 

Inventories consist of food, beverages, and alcohol, and are stated
at the lower of cost using the first-in, first-out method or net realizable value. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost, less
accumulated depreciation, and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are charged to expense on the straight-line basis over the estimated
useful life of each asset. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the expected lease term or their respective estimated
useful lives. The estimated lease term is based on the likely period of the leasing arrangement including renewal periods. 

7 

ROCKFISH
SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued 

A. Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies continued 

Property
and Equipment continued 

The estimated useful lives for each major depreciable classification
of property and equipment are as follows: 

Leasehold improvements 
 10-15 years 
 
 Restaurant equipment 
 5-10 years 
 
 Furniture, fixtures, and computer equipment 
 3-7 years 

Intangible Assets 

Effective June 28, 2012, the beginning of fiscal
2013, the Company began amortizing the tradename and recipes on a straight-line basis over their respective estimated remaining useful
lives. The Company assigned a 10-year life for the tradename and a five-year life for the recipes. For the year ended December 28, 2022,
management determined that no impairment indicators existed with respect to the intangible assets. 

Long-Lived Assets Impairment 

The Company evaluates the recoverability of the
carrying value of long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company
does not perform a periodic assessment of assets for impairment in the absence of such information or indicators. Conditions that would
necessitate an impairment include a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, a significant change in the extent
or manner in which an asset is used, or a significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group
of assets is not recoverable. If a long-lived asset is tested for recoverability and the undiscounted estimate future cash flows expected
to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset is less than the carrying amount of the asset, the asset is adjusted to fair
value and an impairment loss is recognized as the amount by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. 

There were no impairment indicators during the years ended December
28, 2022 or December 29, 2021, and no impairment charge was recorded. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company s revenue is primarily generated
from the sale of food, beverage, and alcohol and is recognized when the product is sold as this is the point in time that control of the
product transfers to the customer. Revenue is presented net of any taxes collected from customers and remitted to government entities.
Customer payments are generally due at the time of sale. 

8 

ROCKFISH
SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued 

A. Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies continued 

Income
Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance
with income tax accounting guidance (Accounting Standards Codification ASC 740, Income Taxes ). The income tax accounting
guidance results in two components of income tax expense: current and deferred. Current income tax expense reflects taxes to be paid or
refunded for the current period by applying the provisions of the enacted tax law to the taxable income or excess of deductions over revenues.
The Company determines deferred income taxes using the liability (or balance sheet) method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset
or liability is based on the tax effects of the differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and enacted changes
in tax rates and laws are recognized in the period in which they occur. 

Deferred income tax expense results
from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods. Deferred tax assets are recognized if it is
more-likely-than-not, based on the technical merits, that the tax position will be realized or sustained upon examination. The term
 more-likely-than-not means a likelihood of more than 50 ; the terms examined and upon examination also include
resolution of the related appeals or litigation processes, if any. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold is initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of
being realized upon settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The determination of
whether or not a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold considers the facts, circumstances, and
information available at the reporting date and is subject to the management s judgment. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a
valuation allowance if, based on the weight of evidence available, it is more-likely-than not that some portion or all of a deferred
tax asset will not be realized. The Company recognizes interest and penalties on income taxes as a component of income tax expense.
The Company did not incur any penalties or interest during 2022 or 2021. 

Taxes Collected from Customers and Remitted to Governmental Authorities 

Taxes collected from customers and remitted to
governmental authorities are presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations on a net basis and accordingly, are not
included in revenues. 

Advertising 

The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred.
Advertising expense for the years ended December 28, 2022 and December 29, 2021, totaled 51,672 and 52,957, respectively, and are included
in restaurant expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Pre-Opening Expenses 

Salaries, personnel training costs, and other expenses of opening new
restaurants are charged to expense as incurred. 

9 

ROCKFISH SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued 

A. Nature of Operations and Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies continued 

Adoption
of New Accounting Standards 

In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued guidance (ASC 842, Leases to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by
requiring the recognition of right-of-use ROU assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Most prominent among
the changes in the standard is the recognition of ROU assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating
leases. Under the standard, disclosures are required to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount,
timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. 

The Company adopted this standard effective January
1, 2022, using the modified retrospective approach. In transitioning to ASC 842, the Company elected to use the practical expedient package
available at the time of implementation and did elect to use hindsight. These elections have been applied consistently to all leases existing
at, or entered into after, January 1, 2022 (the beginning of the period of adoption). As a result of the adoption of the new lease accounting
guidance, we recognized on January 1, 2022, a ROU asset of approximately 3.6 million and a lease liability of approximately 4.2 million.
The adoption resulted in an adjustment to retained earnings of approximately 348,000 and a derecognition of deferred rent and tenant
improvement allowances of approximately 310,000. The standard did not materially impact our consolidated operations and had no impact
on cash flows. Lease disclosures for the year ended December 29, 2021 are made under prior lease guidance in FASB ASC 840. 

B. Liquidity
Matters and Management s Plans 

The Company incurred a net loss of approximately
 147,000 during the year ended December 28, 2022. On December 28, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficiency of approximately
 16,121,000 including related party debt and accrued interest of 15,495,000. 

In March 2015, the Company restated its related
party notes to increase the face value of the note to 6,517,686, to remove the financial covenants under the agreement and to extend
the maturity date of the note to March 31, 2018. 

In June 2015, the Company restated its related
party note with Princeton Capital Corporation Princeton ), the majority owner of Rockfish Holdings, LLC, to reduce the face
value of the note to 5,950,000 and amend the interest rate to be 14 payable quarterly with the ability of the Company to pay in kind
up to 6 of the interest payments. The note is currently in default. 

Additionally, in June 2015, the Company also entered
into a revolving promissory note with Princeton in the amount of 1,250,000. The revolving promissory note has been amended to bring the
maximum balance to 1,491,000 on December 28, 2016, and increased to 2,251,000 on December 29, 2021. The note bears interest at 8 , matured
June 29, 2017, and was extended to December 31, 2021. Effective December 31, 2022, Princeton extended the maturity date to December 31,
2023, and maintained the maximum balance at 2,251,000. 

10 

ROCKFISH SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued 

B. Liquidity Matters and Management s
Plans continued 

During the year ended December 28, 2022, the Company
paid down prior year accrued interest and current year interest payments on both the revolving promissory note and the term note. During
the year ended December 29, 2021, the Company paid all prior years PIK interest incurred and current year interest payments on the revolving
promissory note. 

The Company s majority owner, Princeton,
has shown continued willingness not to require repayments of debt or accrued interest. Cash on hand and cash flows from operation will
provide the Company with adequate cash available to operate the business for at least 12 months from the issuance of the consolidated
financial statements. 

C . Property
and Equipment 

Property and equipment consist of the
following: 

December 28, 
2022 
 December 29, 
 2021 
 
 Leasehold Improvements 
 5,226,827 
 6,353,785 
 
 Furniture, fixtures and computer equipment 
 687,110 
 803,089 
 
 Restaurant equipment 
 1,318,550 
 1,681,019 

7,232,487 
 8,837,893 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 (6,285,906 
 (7,618,169 

Property and equipment, net 
 946,581 
 1,219,724 

Depreciation expense of property and equipment for the years ended
December 28, 2022 and December 29, 2021, totaled 437,560 and 405,780, respectively. 

D. Intangible
Assets 

The carrying basis and accumulated amortization of recognized intangible assets were as follows: 

Tradename 

December 28, 
 December 29, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Gross 
 895,000 
 895,000 
 
 Accumulated amortization 
 (895,000 
 (841,750 

Net 
 - 
 53,250 

11 

ROCKFISH SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued 

D. 
 Intangible Assets continued 

Tradename continued 

Amortization expense for the years ended December 28, 2022 and December
29, 2021, was 53,250 and 88,500, respectively. 

E. 
 Related Party Debt and Accrued Interest 

In June 2015, the Company restated its related
party note with Princeton to reduce the face value of the note to 5,950,000 and amended the interest rate to be 14 payable quarterly
with the ability of the Company to pay in kind up to 6 of the interest payments (see Note B). 

Additionally, in June 2015, the Company also entered
into a revolving promissory note with Princeton in the amount of 1,250,000. The revolving promissory note has been amended to bring the
maximum balance to 1,491,000 on December 28, 2016, and increased to 2,251,000 on December 29, 2021. The note bears interest at 8 , matured
June 29, 2017, and was extended to December 31, 2021. Effective December 31, 2022, Princeton extended the maturity date to December 31,
2023, and maintained the maximum balance of 2,251,000. 

On December 28, 2022, the remaining outstanding
debt with Princeton consists of a 5,950,000 senior secured promissory note plus accrued interest of 3,841,103 and paid in kind interest
of 3,452,621 added into this note balance that matured March 31, 2018, and has not been extended. 

The senior secured promissory note is due currently
and classified as in default. The amount due for interest not paid in kind totaled 3,841,103 and 3,481,861 on December 28, 2022 and
December 29, 2021, respectively. 

F. Paycheck
Protection Program Loans 

On March 27, 2020, the U.S. federal government
enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), which included provision for a Paycheck
Protection Program PPP administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ). The PPP allows qualifying
business to borrow up to 10 million calculated based on qualifying payroll costs. PPP loans bear a fixed interest rate of 1 over a two-year
term, are guaranteed by the federal government, and do not require collateral. Payments of principal and interest are deferred until 10
months from the date of the loan, and prepayments may be made at any time without penalty. The loans may be forgiven, in part or whole,
if the proceeds are used to retain and pay employees and for other qualifying expenditures. The Company applied for a PPP loan in the
amount of 1,936,785, which was approved by the SBA on April 17, 2020, and was forgiven by the SBA on August 09, 2021. 

12 

ROCKFISH
SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued 

F. Paycheck
Protection Program Loans continued 

On December 27, 2020, the U.S. federal government
enacted the Hard-Hit Small Businesses, Nonprofits, and Venues Act Economic Aid Act or EAA ), which included
provision for the Second Draw Paycheck Protection Program PPP2 administered by the SBA. The PPP2 allows qualifying businesses
to borrow up to 2 million calculated based on qualifying payroll costs and other criteria as prescribed in the EAA. PPP loans bear a
fixed interest rate of 1 over a two-year term, are guaranteed by the federal government, and do not require collateral. Payments of principal
and interest are deferred until 16 months from the date of the loan, and prepayments may be made at any time without penalty. The loan
may be forgiven, in part of whole, if the proceeds are used to retain and pay employees and for other qualifying expenditures. The Company
applied for and received a PPP2 loan in the amount of 2,000,000 on March 29, 2021. The Company has elected to account for the PPP loans
in accordance with ASC 470 - Debt . As such, the outstanding PPP loan amount of 2,000,000 was reflected within debt on the accompanying
balance sheet as of December 29, 2021. The Company applied for and received forgiveness by the SBA of the PPP2 loan in the amount of 2,000,000
on December 31, 2021. 

G.
Stock Options 

The Company issued stock options to executive
members of management during the year ended June 26, 2013. The stock options vest over a period of 10 years and expire if unexercised
after 10 years. The options have accelerated vesting provisions if certain financial performance measures are met, or a change of control
event occurs. On December 28, 2022 and December 29, 2021, there were 194.8052 options outstanding, all of which had vested. The value
of these options at the grant date was determined to be insignificant. The remaining contractual life of the vested options is 0.5 years
at December 28, 2022. 

H.
Income Taxes 

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S.
federal jurisdiction and two state jurisdictions. Deferred taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the financial reporting
basis and the tax basis of the Company s assets and liabilities. 

13 

ROCKFISH
SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued 

H. 
 Income Taxes continued 

The temporary differences that give rise
to the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are approximately as follows: 

December 28, 
2022 
 December 29, 
2021 
 
 Rent 
 136,000 
 65,000 
 
 Other 
 698,000 
 543,000 
 
 Property and equipment 
 397,000 
 381,000 
 
 Related party interest 
 1,518,000 
 1,481,000 
 
 Intangibles 
 42,000 
 191,000 
 
 Net operating loss carryforward 
 2,904,000 
 2,387,000 
 
 Net deferred tax before valuation allowance 
 5,695,000 
 5,048,000 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (5,695,000 
 (5,048,000 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

Differences between statutory income tax rates
and the Company s effective income tax rate for the years ended December 28, 2022 and December 29, 2021, were primarily caused by
the decrease in the valuation allowance, which at December 28, 2022 and December 29, 2021, totaled approximately 5,695,000 and 5,048,000,
respectively, amounts not deductible for income tax purposes and other adjustments. The valuation allowance increased by approximately
 647,000 from December 29, 2021 to December 28, 2022. 

The Company has a federal net operating loss carryforward
of approximately 13,827,000 on December 28, 2022. The net operating loss carryforward may be limited because of ownership changes as
defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

I. Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 

Accrued expenses consist of the following: 

December 28, 
2022 
 December 29, 
2021 
 
 Payroll and payroll related 
 347,562 
 383,104 
 
 Closed store reserve 
 - 
 45,000 
 
 Rent 
 - 
 309,561 
 
 Sales and use taxes 
 126,832 
 116,362 
 
 Other 
 - 
 42,983 

Total 
 474,394 
 897,010 

14 

ROCKFISH SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued 

J. Leases 

A lease provides the lessee the right to control
the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Operating lease right of use assets and finance lease
right of use assets (collectively ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease
term. Operating lease liabilities and finance lease liabilities (collectively, lease liabilities represent the Company s
obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. ROU assets
and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term.
The Company excludes short-term leases having initial terms of 12 months or less from ROU assets and lease liabilities and recognizes
rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

The Company has leases for its office spaces and
certain equipment. Most operating leases contain renewal options that provide for rent increases based on prevailing market conditions.
The Company has lease extension terms for our office spaces that have either been extended or are likely to be extended. The terms used
to calculate the ROU assets and lease liabilities for these properties include the renewal options that the Company is reasonably certain
to exercise. 

The discount rate used to determine the commencement
date present value of lease payments is the interest rate implicit in the lease, or when that is not readily determinable, the Company
utilizes its secured borrowing rate. ROU assets include any lease payments required to be made prior to commencement and exclude lease
incentives. Both ROU assets and lease liabilities exclude variable payments not based on an index or rate, which are treated as period
costs. The Company s lease agreements do not contain significant residual value guarantees, restrictions or covenants. 

Total operating lease costs were approximately 1,191,000 for the year
ended December 28, 2022, which included short term lease costs of approximately 206,000. 

Maturities of lease liabilities as of December 28, 2022, are as follows: 

Operating 
Leases 
 
 2023 
 1,054,396 
 
 2024 
 988,731 
 
 2025 
 901,290 
 
 2026 
 915,550 
 
 2027 
 933,530 
 
 Thereafter 
 3,412,592 

Total lease payments 
 8,206,089 
 
 Less present value discount 
 (3,338,169 

Lease liabilities 
 4,867,920 

15 

ROCKFISH
SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued 

J. Leases continued 

Weighted average lease term and discount rate as of December 28, 2022,
are as follows: 

2022 
 
 Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Operating leases 
 9.55 

Weighted average discount rate Operating leases 
 8.00 

Rent expense for the years ended December 28,
2022 and December 29, 2021, was 1,190,942 and 1,326,054, respectively and is included in restaurant expenses in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

K. 
 Significant Estimates and Concentrations 

GAAP requires disclosure of certain significant estimates and current
vulnerabilities due to certain concentrations. Those matters include the following: 

Litigation 

The Company may be subject to various claims and
legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of its business from time to time. The Company will make provision for a potential
liability when it is both probably that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonable estimated. No provision
related to claims or litigation was recorded at December 28, 2022 or December 29, 2021. 

Vendor Concentrations 

Purchases from two vendors represented approximately 76 of the Company s
cost revenues for the years ended December 28, 2022 and December 29, 2021. 

L. 
 Subsequent Events 

Subsequent events have been evaluated through March 22, 2023, the date
the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. 

16 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 piac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 piac-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 piac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 piac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 piac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

