<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_1790982_0001790982-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22399849</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>620682</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3512210</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7604878</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5322895</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4981289</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001790982-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221091948
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001790982-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		132
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Arconic Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001790982
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ROLLING DRAWING & EXTRUDING OF NONFERROUS METALS [3350]
		IRS NUMBER:				842745636
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39162
		FILM NUMBER:		23645640

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 ISABELLA STREET
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15212-5872
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(412) 992-2500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 ISABELLA STREET
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15212-5872

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Arconic Rolled Products Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191011

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001790982-23-000006.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 arnc-20221231.htm
 10-K

arnc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act; 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the outstanding common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately billion. As of February 17, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the registrant outstanding. 
 Documents incorporated by reference. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Special Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements 
 1 
 Summary of Risks Affecting Our Business 
 2 
 Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 32 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 35 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 109 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 109 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 110 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 110 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 110 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 110 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 110 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 110 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 110 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 110 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 111 
 Signatures 
 115 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that relate to future events and expectations and, as such, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include those containing such words as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, forecasts, goal, guidance, intends, may, outlook, plans, projects, seeks, sees, should, targets, will, would, or other words of similar meaning. All statements that reflect Arconic Corporation s expectations, assumptions, projections, beliefs or opinions about the future, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to the condition of , or trends or developments in, the ground transportation, aerospace, building and construction, industrial, packaging and other end markets; Arconic Corporation's future financial results, operating performance, working capital, cash flows, liquidity and financial position; cost savings and restructuring programs; Arconic Corporation s strategies, outlook, business and financial prospects; share repurchases; costs associated with pension and other postretirement benefit plans; projected sources of cash flow; potential legal liability; the impact of inflationary price pressures; and the potential impact of public health epidemics or pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic . These statements reflect beliefs and assumptions that are based on Arconic Corporation s perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors Arconic Corporation believes are appropriate in the circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances, many of which are beyond Arconic Corporation s control. 
 For a discussion of some of the specific factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the information contained in this report, see the following sections of this report: "Summary of Risks Affecting our Business," Part I. Item 1A. " Risk Factors," Part II. Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," including the disclosures under "Segment Information" and "Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates," and Note T to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." Market projections are subject to the risks discussed in this report and other risks in the market. Arconic Corporation disclaims any intention or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 
 Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, when used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms we, our, us, Arconic, or the Company refer to Arconic Corporation and its subsidiaries. The term "ParentCo" refers to Arconic Inc. prior to our separation from Arconic Inc. on April 1, 2020, and Howmet refers to Howmet Aerospace Inc., the name of ParentCo following the separation on April 1, 2020. 
 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Summary of Risks Affecting our Business 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks. The following summary highlights some of the risks you should consider with respect to our business, financial condition and results of operations. This summary is not complete and the risks summarized below are not the only risks we face. You should review and consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described in more detail in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which includes a more complete discussion of the risks summarized below as well as a discussion of other risks related to our business and an investment in our common stock. 
 
 Business Risks Global Conditions 
 
 The markets for our products are cyclical and are influenced by a number of factors, including global economic conditions, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows have been, and in the future could be, materially adversely affected by the effects of widespread public health epidemics/pandemics. 
 Climate change, and evolving customer and stakeholder expectations, legal, regulatory and policy requirements, and market dynamics driven by climate change, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Governments of countries in which we operate could nationalize or expropriate private enterprises, or otherwise change their policies regarding private enterprise, which could adversely impact the value of our operations in those countries. 
 We are exposed to economic factors, including inflation, fluctuations in aluminum prices, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, and currency controls in the countries in which we operate. 
 Our global operations expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the market price of our securities. 
 An adverse decline in the liability discount rate, lower-than-expected investment return on pension assets and other factors could affect our results of operations or amount of pension funding contributions in future periods. 
 
 Business Risks Competition and Customers 
 
 We face significant competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability. 
 We could be adversely affected by the loss of key customers, the impact of supply chain disruptions or other economic conditions on our key customers, or significant changes in the business or financial condition of our customers. 
 Our customers may reduce their demand for aluminum products in favor of alternative materials. 
 We may face challenges to our intellectual property rights which could adversely affect our reputation, business and competitive position, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Business Risks Operations and Product Development 
 
 We could encounter manufacturing difficulties or other issues that impact product performance, quality or safety, which could affect our ability to supply customers or meet contractual obligations, reputation, business and financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business depends, in part, on our ability to meet increased customer demand successfully and to mitigate the impact of customer program cancellations, reductions and delays. 
 A material disruption or limitation of our operations, particularly at one or more of our manufacturing facilities, could adversely affect our business. 
 We may be unable to develop innovative new products or implement technology initiatives successfully. 
 
 Business Risks Supply Chain 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by increases in the cost or volatility in the availability of aluminum or other raw materials. 
 We are dependent on a limited number of suppliers for a substantial portion of our primary and scrap aluminum and certain other raw materials essential to our operations. 
 
 Business Risks Strategy 
 
 We may not be able to realize the expected benefits of our re-entry into the packaging market in the U.S. and other geographies. 
 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 We may be unable to realize future targets or goals established for our business segments, or complete capital or other projects, at the levels, projected costs or by the dates targeted. 
 Our business and growth prospects may be negatively impacted by limits in our capital expenditures. 
 
 Business Risks Information Security and Internal Controls 
 
 Information technology system failures, cyber-attacks and security breaches may threaten the integrity of our intellectual property and sensitive information, disrupt our business operations, and result in reputational harm and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report financial results or prevent fraud. 
 
 Risks Related to Employee and Labor Matters 
 
 Labor disputes and difficulties retaining or hiring skilled employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 A failure to attract, retain or provide adequate succession plans for key personnel could adversely affect our operations and competitiveness. 
 Failure to comply with domestic or international employment and related laws could result in penalties or costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business results. 
 
 Risks Related to Legal Proceedings and Government Regulations 
 
 Product liability, product safety, personal injury, property damage, and recall claims and investigations may materially affect our financial condition and damage our reputation. 
 We may be exposed to significant legal proceedings, investigations or changes in U.S. federal, state, local or foreign laws, regulations or policies. 
 We are exposed to environmental and safety risks and are subject to a broad range of health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, which may result in substantial costs and liabilities. 
 We are subject to privacy and data security/protection laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate and may be exposed to substantial costs and liabilities associated with such laws and regulations. 
 Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our future profitability. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 We have significant debt obligations, and may in the future incur, additional debt obligations that could adversely affect our business and profitability and our ability to meet other obligations. 
 Our failure to comply with the agreements relating to our outstanding indebtedness, including as a result of events beyond our control, could result in an event of default that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to the Separation 
 
 We have a limited history of operating as an independent company and our historical financial information may not be a reliable indicator of our future results. 
 In connection with the separation into two public companies, we and Howmet agreed to indemnify each other for certain liabilities. If we are required to pay under these indemnities to Howmet, our financial results could be negatively impacted. The Howmet indemnities may not be sufficient to hold us harmless from the full amount of liabilities for which Howmet has been allocated responsibility, and Howmet may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future. 
 Howmet may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that were executed as part of the separation. 
 If the distribution, together with certain related transactions, does not qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we, as well as Howmet and Howmet s stockholders, could be subject to significant tax liabilities, and, in certain circumstances, we could be required to indemnify Howmet for material taxes and other related amounts pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement. 

3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 Arconic Corporation ("Arconic" or the "Company") is a global leader in manufacturing aluminum sheet, plate, extrusions and architectural products and systems, serving primarily the ground transportation, aerospace, building and construction, industrial, and packaging end markets. We maintain a competitive position in our targeted markets through our global footprint of 20 primary manufacturing facilities, as well as various sales and service facilities, located across North America, Europe, the United Kingdom and China. 
 On April 1, 2020 (the Separation Date ), ParentCo separated into two standalone, publicly-traded companies, Arconic and Howmet (the Separation ). The spin-off company, Arconic, comprised the rolled aluminum products, aluminum extrusions, and architectural products operations of ParentCo, as well as the Latin America extrusions operations sold in April 2018 (collectively, the Arconic Corporation Businesses ). 
 Sale of our Samara Facility 
 On November 15, 2022, we completed the sale of our Russian operations. For a discussion of the sale of our facility in Samara, Russia and the potential impact on our business, see Part II, Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Segment Information Rolled Products, and Note S to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. For a discussion of legal proceedings involving our facility in Samara, Russia prior to the sale, see Note T to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data under the caption Contingencies and Commitments Contingencies Litigation Federal Antimonopoly Service Of The Russian Federation Litigation." 
 
 Description of the Business 
 We manage our business operations through three reportable segments: Rolled Products, Building and Construction Systems ("BCS") and Extrusions. We strive to make our portfolio of facilities operationally efficient and competitive in the industry. We are well positioned in attractive end markets, and our long-term contracts with customers enhance the strength and stability of our business and our earnings. We believe our extensive manufacturing experience and our commitment to quality and innovation are competitive advantages. 
 Rolled Products 
 Rolled products are used in the production of finished goods ranging from automotive body panels and airframes to industrial plate and brazing sheet. Sheet and plate are used extensively in the transportation industries as well as in building and construction and packaging. They are also used for industrial applications such as tooling plate for the production of plastic products. 
 Our Rolled Products segment produces a range of aluminum sheet and plate products for the following end markets: 
 Ground Transportation provides specialty aluminum sheet and plate products, including auto body sheet, structural reinforcement, proprietary heat exchanger products like multilayer brazing sheet, trailer and cab structures, vehicle components, mold plate for wheels, and sheet for fuel tanks. 
 Aerospace supplies a wide range of highly differentiated sheet and plate products that meet strict quality requirements for aerospace applications, including polished fuselage sheet, structural parts, aluminum-lithium stringers, and wing skins. 
 Industrial supplies a diverse range of industrial solutions for applications that include mold and tooling plate for semiconductors; general engineering/machinery and injection molding applications; specialty finishes for appliances, cosmetic packaging and RVs; tread plate/sheet for toolbox and flooring applications; and circles for cookware. 
 Building and Construction supplies a wide range of products serving both the commercial and residential end markets, including roofing, architectural composite panels, curtain walls, ventilated facades and ceiling panels, spacers, culvert pipes and gutters. 
 Packaging serves the packaging end market in North America, primarily through our facility in Tennessee, and the markets in Asia and Mexico through our facility located in Bohai, China. 
 
 4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Competitive Conditions 
 Our Rolled Products segment is one of the leaders in many of the aluminum flat rolled end markets in which it participates, including the ground transportation, aerospace, industrial, building and construction, and packaging end markets. While Rolled Products participates in end markets where we believe we have a significant competitive advantage due to our extensive knowledge of our customers, advanced manufacturing capability, unique technology and/or differentiated products, in certain cases, our competitors are capable of making products similar to our products. We continuously work to maintain and enhance our competitive position through innovation: new alloys such as high-formability automotive alloys, aluminum lithium aerospace alloys, differentiated products such as our 5-layer brazing products and break-through processes such as A951 bonding technology. 
 Some of our Rolled Products markets are global and some are more regionally focused. Participation in these markets by competitors varies. Additionally, there are a number of new competitors emerging, particularly in China and other developing economies. We expect that this competitive pressure will continue and increase in the future as customers seek to globalize their supply bases in order to reduce costs. 
 Principal Facilities 
 The table below sets forth our Rolled Products principal properties as of December 31, 2022. 
 Country Location Products China Kunshan Sheet Qinhuangdao (1) 
 Sheet and Plate Hungary Sz kesfeh rv r Sheet, Plate, Slabs and Billets United Kingdom Birmingham Plate United States Davenport, IA Sheet and Plate Danville, IL Sheet and Plate Hutchinson, KS Sheet and Plate Lancaster, PA Sheet and Plate Alcoa, TN Sheet and Plate 
 ___________________ 
 (1) Leased property or partially leased property. 
 Building and Construction Systems 
 Our BCS segment manufactures differentiated products and building envelope solutions, including entrances, curtain walls, windows, composite panel and coil coated sheet. The business is focused on two product lines: architectural systems, which carry the Kawneer brand, and architectural products, which carry the Reynobond and Reynolux brands. The BCS segment has competitive positions with respect to both product lines, attributable to its strong brand recognition, high quality products and strong relationships through the building and construction value chain. 
 As the inventor of the modern storefront more than 100 years ago, our Kawneer branded architectural systems products include windows, doors and curtain walling. Kawneer is a premium brand, known for the breadth, depth and performance of its product portfolio and is a leading manufacturer of architectural systems in North America, with an established presence in Europe. Key customers of this market segment include fabricators and glazing subcontractors. 
 The Reynobond and Reynolux brands deliver innovative exterior and interior cladding and coil coated sheet solutions with end uses that include building fa ades, retail, sign and display, interior applications and various industrial applications. Reynobond is composite material that consists of an extruded core that is fused between two sheets of coil-coated aluminum and Reynolux is coil-coated aluminum sheet that can be sold in coil or flat-sheet form. Key customers include metal fabricators and installers. 
 BCS differentiates itself through its footprint in North America and Europe and by offering a broad portfolio of building envelope products that span the range of building end-use and building complexities. Architects, general contractors and fabricators consider BCS a go-to provider of products and systems with product lines that can address localized functional and building code requirements. We believe that our products and systems have a reputation for quality and reliability. 
 5 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Competitive Conditions 
 In North America, our BCS segment primarily competes with manufacturers of products used in nonresidential construction. In Europe, it competes with manufacturers of products used in both residential and nonresidential construction. Our competitive advantage is based on strong brands, innovative products, customer intimacy and technical services. 
 In the architectural systems market we compete with regional competitors. The competitive landscape in the architectural systems market has been relatively stable since the mid-2000s, with the major competitors in North America and Europe remaining constant, despite some industry consolidation in North America during the late 2000s. 
 The primary product categories in architectural products are aluminum composite material and coil coated sheet. The market for our architectural products business is more global and primarily served by subsidiaries of larger multinational companies. 
 Principal Facilities 
 The table below sets forth our BCS principal properties as of December 31, 2022 . 
 Country Location Products Canada Lethbridge, Alberta Architectural Systems France Merxheim (1) 
 Architectural Products United Kingdom Runcorn Architectural Systems United States Springdale, AR Architectural Systems Visalia, CA Architectural Systems Eastman, GA Architectural Products Bloomsburg, PA Architectural Systems Cranberry, PA Architectural Systems 
 ___________________ 
 (1) Leased property or partially leased property. 
 Principal facilities are listed, and do not include locations that serve as service centers or administrative offices. The service centers perform light manufacturing, such as assembly and fabrication of certain products. 
 Extrusions 
 Our Extrusions segment produces a range of extruded products, including automotive shapes (e.g., driveshafts, anti-lock brake housings, and turbo chargers), aerospace shapes (e.g., wing stringers, floor beams, fuselage, cargo), seamless tube, hollows, mortar fins, and high strength rod and bar. With process and product technologies that include large and small extrusion presses, integrated cast houses, horizontal heat treat furnaces, vertical heat treat furnaces, annealing furnaces, induction billet heating and ultrasonic inspection capabilities, our Extrusions segment serves a broad range of customers in several of our core end markets, including the following: 
 Ground Transportation provides aluminum extrusions for applications that include driveshafts for the automotive market and aluminum frame rails for the commercial transportation market. 
 Aerospace supplies a wide range of applications for commercial airframes. 
 Industrial supplies a diverse range of industrial solutions for applications that include rods and bars for building supplies and other industrial applications. 
 Competitive Conditions 
 The Extrusions segment is a prominent supplier i n many of the end markets in which it participates, including automotive (including driveshafts), aerospace, and industrial markets. Extrusions participates in end markets where we believe we have a significant competitive position due to our extensive knowledge of our customers, advanced manufacturing capability, unique technology and/or differentiated products. We continuously work to maintain and enhance our competitive position through innovation: new alloys such as aluminum lithium aerospace alloys and differentiated products. 
 6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Some of our Extrusions end markets are worldwide and some are more regionally focused. Participation in these segments by competitors varies. Additionally, there are a number of other competitors emerging, particularly in China and other developing economies. We expect that this competitive pressure will continue and increase in the future as customers seek to globalize their supply bases in order to reduce costs. 
 Principal Facilities 
 The table below sets forth our Extrusions principal properties as of December 31, 2022. 
 Country Location Products Germany Hannover (1) 
 Extrusions United States Lafayette, IN Extrusions Massena, NY (2) 
 Extrusions 
 ___________________ 
 (1) Leased property. 
 
 (2) Pursuant to certain agreements entered into in connection with the Separation, Arconic leased the Massena property from Howmet until such time as the property could be conveyed to Arconic. The property was conveyed to Arconic in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 Principal facilities are listed and do not include locations that have been idled. In the second half of 2021, the Chandler, AZ facility was fully idled and its commercial operations were integrated into the Lafayette facility. The Company may temporarily restart one or more of the presses at Chandler over short periods of time to address customer demand requirements. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Extrusions Overview. 
 End Market and Customer Revenues 
 We provide products to customers in a number of end markets, and the revenues from any end market may vary from year to year. For more information regarding revenues by major end markets served, see Note C to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II. Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." In addition, the demand for products in certain end markets is concentrated in a relatively small number of customers. We have multi-year contracts with many of our key customers, primarily in the aerospace and ground transportation end markets. These contracts indirectly expose us to changes in these customers' end markets, and the loss of sales under these contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business if such sales are not replaced by sales to other customers. 
 Customer and Distribution Channels 
 Rolled Products and Extrusions 
 Our Rolled Products and Extrusions segments have two primary sales channels: direct sales to our customers and sales to distributors. 
 Direct Sales 
 Our Rolled Products and Extrusions segments supply various customers all over the world through a direct sales force operating from individual facilities or sales offices. The direct sales channel typically serves very large, sophisticated customers and OEMs, but can service medium and small size customers as well. Long-standing relationships are maintained with leading companies in industries using aluminum rolled and extruded products. Supply contracts for large global customers generally range from one to five years in length and historically there has been a high degree of renewal business with these customers. As the manufacture of higher aluminum content vehicles continues to grow, we continue to develop long-term relationships with the automotive original equipment manufacturers OEMs ). In some cases, the products we supply are proprietary in nature. Further, certain industries, such as automotive and aerospace, and their related customers require suppliers to complete a rigorous qualification process. The ability to obtain and maintain these qualifications is an important part of doing business in these segments. A customer s cost to switch and either find a new product or qualify a new supplier can be significant, so it is in both the customer s and the supplier s best interest to maintain these relationships. 
 
 7 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Distributors 
 Our Rolled Products and Extrusions segments also sell their products through third-party distributors. Customers of distributors are typically widely dispersed, and sales through this channel are usually highly fragmented. Distributors sell mostly commodity or less specialized products into many end-use segments in smaller quantities. 
 Building and Construction Systems 
 Our BCS segment supplies architectural facade systems and products principally in North America and Europe but also globally through both direct sales and distributors. Its typical customers are installers or fabricators who purchase product on a project-by-project basis. Long-standing relationships are maintained with its leading customers. BCS also maintains an e-commerce platform for numerous standard architectural products for use by its North American customers and offers standard architectural products for purchase in its service centers. 
 Sources and Availability of Raw Materials 
 Important raw materials used by Arconic are: primary aluminum for remelting (sows, t-bars, and ingots, including high purity and off-grade), aluminum alloyed and unalloyed casthouse products (including rolling slab and billet), aluminum scrap, alloying materials (including, but not limited to, magnesium, copper, and zinc), aluminum coil, electricity, natural gas, coatings, lube oil, packaging materials, and resin. Generally, other materials are purchased from third-party suppliers under competitively priced supply contracts or bidding arrangements. We believe that the raw materials necessary to our businesses are and will continue to be available generally, although we experience and anticipate continued cost, availability and other impacts to our supply chain arising from, among other factors, the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical instability in areas where we or our suppliers operate, challenges with transportation and logistics, and inflationary price pressures. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We believe that our domestic and international intellectual property assets provide us with a significant competitive advantage, as we continue to strive to improve our products and processes. Our rights under our patents, as well as the products made and sold under them, are important to us as a whole, and to varying degrees, important to each business segment. The patents owned by us generally concern metal alloys, particular products, and manufacturing equipment or techniques. Our business as a whole is not, however, materially dependent on any single patent, trademark or other intellectual property. As a result of product development and technological advancement, we continue to pursue patent protection in select jurisdictions throughout the world. As of December 31, 2022, our worldwide patent portfolio consists of approximately 500 granted patents and 225 pending patent applications. Patent terms extend for varying periods based on the filing date or the grant date in the various countries where we have or have applied for patent protection. The actual protection afforded by a patent varies from country to country, with the most significant variations relating to the scope of patent protection and the legal remedies available. 
 With respect to domestic and foreign trademarks, we have many that have significant recognition within the markets that are served. Examples include the name Arconic and the Arconic symbol for aluminum products, Kawneer for building panels, and Reynobond and Reynolux for architectural products. As of December 31, 2022, our worldwide trademark portfolio consists of approximately 1,060 registered trademarks and 60 pending trademark applications. Our rights under our trademarks are important to us as a whole and, to varying degrees, important to each business segment. Trademark protection continues in some countries for as long as the mark is used and in others for as long as it remains registered. Registrations generally are periodically renewable for additional fixed terms. 
 Research and Development 
 We engage in research and development programs that include process and product development, and basic and applied research. The Arconic Technology Center, located in New Kensington, Pennsylvania, serves as the headquarters for our research and development efforts, with additional research and development facilities in Norcross, Georgia; Lancaster, Pennsylvania; Runcorn, United Kingdom; Vendargues, France; and Harderwijk, Netherlands. These facilities focus on innovation and have given us a leading position in the development of proprietary next-generation specialty alloys, products and manufacturing processes as evidenced by our robust intellectual property portfolio. 
 Government Regulations 
 As a global company, our business is subject to government regulations in various jurisdictions in which we operate. We believe we are materially compliant with all applicable government laws and regulations, and maintaining compliance, other than as noted below, is not expected to materially affect our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. Any new or amended laws or regulations that impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements may negatively 
 8 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 impact our business, capital expenditures, earnings, and competitive position. Additional information is included in Part I. Item 1A. "Risk Factors." 
 Our operations are subject to national, federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, greenhouse gas emissions, hazardous materials in products, chemical usage and workplace safety requirements and protocols. We maintain a global environmental, health and safety program that includes policies and procedures; dedicated environmental, health and safety personnel; procedures for handling of waste materials and hazardous materials; monitoring, reporting and remediating environmental, health, and safety issues; compliance auditing; and training, among other measures. 
 Approved capital expenditures for new or existing facilities for environmental control are approximately 8 million for 2023. Additional information relating to environmental matters and other matters is included in Note T to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II. Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" under the caption Contingencies and Commitments Contingencies - Environmental Matters. 
 Other than the foregoing, we do not anticipate any material capital expenditures during fiscal 2023 related to compliance with environmental or other government regulations. 
 Sustainability and Environmental, Social and Governance ESG 
 Arconic is committed to being a good corporate citizen and living our core values by working with our stakeholders to create a better, more sustainable future. Arconic has a cross-functional ESG Council tasked with developing and implementing our sustainability strategy. The ESG Council regularly reports to executive leadership and to the Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors, which has general oversight responsibility for ESG matters, working in conjunction with other committees of the Board of Directors to which oversight of specific matters have been delegated. Functions responsible for development and implementation of our sustainability commitments, strategies and initiatives directly report to the Chief Executive Officer. In 2022, Arconic engaged a third party to advise in the development of long-term sustainability goals based on findings from the Materiality Assessment conducted in 2021. The Materiality Assessment included stakeholder engagement on a wide range of issues, including managing the impacts of our business on the climate and environment, ensuring supply chain sustainability, and fostering positive human capital dynamics. We expect continued engagement to enhance our understanding of stakeholder views, which help guide our ESG efforts. The use of the terms material or materiality in this section and in our 2022 ESG disclosures is not related to or intended to convey matters or facts that could be deemed material to a reasonable investor within the meaning of U.S. securities laws or similar requirements of other jurisdictions. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 At Arconic, we are committed to living our core values by protecting and improving the health and safety of our employees, our communities and the environment. We strive to cultivate an inclusive and diverse culture that advocates for equity, acts with integrity, and upholds high standards for human rights. We strengthen our global workforce by providing learning opportunities, employee engagement programs and talent development efforts that drive innovation, agility, people development and collaboration. 
 Our worldwide employment at the end of 2022 was approximately 11,550 employees located in 17 countries. The breakdown of our employees by region is as follows: 
 Region 
 Percentage of Total Population 
 Americas 
 74 Europe, Middle East and Africa 
 18 Asia 
 8 
 Turnover 
 During 2022, the Company increased hiring initiatives to support the business s organic growth strategy, including participation in various local and national recruiting events, encouraging and responding to employee feedback through its engagement survey, and leveraging social media campaigns as a vehicle to reach a broader base of existing and potential employees. As a result of these and other targeted efforts, in 2022 the Company s employee base increased by approximately 590 employees. This net increase was offset by a reduction of approximately 2,900 employees resulting from the sale of our facility in Samara, Russia in November 2022. 

9 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Collective Bargaining Representation 
 We believe in freedom of association. We respect an individual s choice to be represented by or not be represented by a union or other legally authorized associations or organizations in accordance with the laws of the countries in which we operate. Many of our employees are represented by labor unions. We believe that relations with any applicable union representatives are generally constructive and professional. In the U.S., approximately 4,100 employees are represented by various labor unions. The largest collective bargaining agreement is the master collective bargaining agreement between us and the United Steelworkers USW ). The USW master agreement covers approximately 3,500 employees at four U.S. locations. The prior master collective bargaining agreement with the USW expired on May 15, 2022, and we entered into a new labor agreement that expires on May 15, 2026. There are seven other collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. with varying expiration dates. On a local basis, there are agreements between Arconic and unions with varying expiration dates that cover employees in Europe, North America, and Asia. 
 Governance 
 Oversight responsibility for the Company s ESG policies and strategies has been delegated by our Board of Directors to our Governance and Nominating Committee, which works in conjunction with other committees of the Board to which oversight of specific matters have been delegated. For example, the responsibilities of our Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board of Directors include the oversight of talent management strategies, such as the Company s recruitment, development, employee engagement, promotion and retention programs; policies and practices promoting diversity, equity and inclusion DEI within the Company; key metrics and objectives related to the Company s talent; and the succession plan for our executive officers. Our Board of Directors is also committed to our talent management and has oversight responsibility for our safety practices. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We are committed to maintaining an inclusive environment where everyone feels valued, and we celebrate both the differences and similarities among our people. We also believe that diversity in all areas, including cultural background, experience and thought, is essential in making our Company stronger. Consistent with that belief, we conducted focused recruiting and retention initiatives that further demonstrate our ongoing commitment to DEI. The breakdown of our female and U.S. ethnic minority employees globally at the end of 2022, as members of management and as executives, is as follows: 
 
 Total 
 Management 3 
 Executive 4 
 Women 1 
 17.7 25.8 30.0 Minorities 2 
 25.6 13.1 20.0 
 
 (1) Percentages are on a global basis and include locations where Arconic has valid data. Some regions and countries, such as Germany, have privacy laws and regulations that may prevent Arconic from reporting on certain employee demographics and those regions or countries are not included in the global percentages of female employees. 
 
 (2) Percentages are on a U.S. basis only. 
 (3) Represents members of management, other than executives. 
 (4) Represents our leaders who serve in a Vice President or higher role. 
 Our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council, chaired by our Chief Executive Officer, continues to advance our mission in partnership with our six employee resource groups ERGs with senior executives volunteering as sponsors for each group. Our six ERGs Arconic African Heritage Network, Arconic Hispanic Network, Arconic Next Generation Network, Arconic Veterans Network, Thrive Network (Women) and Spectrum (LGBTQ+) reflect an inclusive, respectful and values-based company culture. All of our employees are encouraged to participate in these grassroots, employee-led organizations that: 
 Drive employee engagement through community outreach; 
 Provide learning and development opportunities for employees; 
 Help position Arconic as a global employer of choice through strategic recruiting activities; 
 Inform Company policies around diversity and inclusion; and 
 Reinforce our brand through key external endorsements such as the Human Rights Campaign and the United Nations Women s Empowerment Principles. 
 
 With the momentum gained from our Grow Together campaigns in 2020 and 2021, we broadened our Grow Together scope in 2022 to integrate equity into our mission, demonstrating our commitment to create a work environment with equal opportunities for all. Grow Together continues to provide momentum to enable our DEI focus and encourages employees to take actions related to inclusion, diversity or social justice through learning activities and volunteering. Employees based in the U.S. also have the opportunity to donate to various non-profit organizations with a social equity mission aligned with and recommended by our ERGs and receive a matching contribution from the Arconic Foundation, an independently endowed 
 10 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 foundation. As a result, in 2022 the Arconic Foundation granted over 34,000 in matching contributions to organizations that are driving change with DEI initiatives. In addition, the Arconic Foundation granted over 960,000 to non-profits that support inclusivity and social equity in communities where Arconic operates. 
 Talent Development 
 We are committed to attracting, retaining, and developing talent that shares our values and demonstrates agility, results focus, and people development capability. All employees have access to a robust, ongoing career planning and performance management process that begins at recruitment and continues throughout their careers. Our twice-yearly succession-planning and calibration processes help us identify successors to business-critical roles while developing our high-potential employees. In addition, we offer management skills training to all supervisory employees, leadership development and coaching programs for mid- and senior-level leaders, and a variety of technical, business, and soft skills training programs to help our business units and resource units meet their strategic objectives. 
 Compensation and Benefits Programs 
 Our compensation and benefits programs are designed to provide comprehensive total rewards to attract, motivate, engage and retain a talented workforce. Our programs are competitive with our peers and emphasize performance-based compensation to align employee rewards with company performance. Benefits are a key component of our total rewards package. We offer a holistic benefits package designed to provide greater security for our employees and their families, which depending on country may include healthcare, life insurance, paid parental leave, disability, savings and retirement and various welfare benefit programs through plans we sponsor or through social programs in the countries where we operate. 
 Health and Safety 
 We value human life above all else and are committed to operating worldwide in a safe, responsible manner which respects the environment and the health of our employees, our customers and the communities where we operate. Our strong health and safety culture empowers our employees and contractors to take personal responsibility for their actions and the safety of their coworkers. Our focus on safety also includes an ongoing commitment to maintaining a secure work environment that respects the dignity and worth of every employee, which drives our continuous improvement approach in our robust safety programs. Our employees play an important role in actively supporting a workplace that strives to be free of violence, threats, intimidation, and harassment. This culture is supported by internal policies, standards, rules and procedures that clearly articulate our stringent expectations for working safely and maintaining a secure work environment in all of our facilities worldwide. 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant changes that we determined were in the best interest of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate. We established strict requirements for onsite work that is continually assessed against the Centers for Disease Control and other expert guidance to assure that we are providing a safe work environment. We continue to adapt our requirements in response to the continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including new and developing variants, in the various regions in which we operate. 
 
 We are committed to achieving zero fatalities and keeping a major focus on fatality prevention. Each location maintained an active fatality prevention team and had zero employee and contractor fatalities in 2022. We have prioritized our risk management processes toward fatality and serious injury potential to focus on the most impactful hazards that have the potential for life-altering outcomes. In addition, during 2022, all of our key safety rates remained significantly below the most recent U.S. industry averages. At 0.48, our 2022 days away, restricted and transfer DART was less than 1 percent lower than our adjusted 2021 DART of 0.482. Our 2022 total recordable incident rate TRR of 1.39 (recorded in accordance with U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA record keeping requirements) was 35 higher than our adjusted 2021 TRR of 1.03. Our previously reported 2021 DART was 0.42 and 2021 TRR was 0.88. Both rates for 2021 were adjusted above to exclude safety rates for our facility in Samara, Russia that was sold in November 2022. At the time of the sale of our Samara facility in November 2022, our 2022 DART (including our Samara facility) was 0.41 versus our unadjusted 2021 DART of 0.42 and our 2022 TRR (including our Samara facility) was 1.11 versus our unadjusted 2021 TRR of 0.88. 

11 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth information, as of February 17, 2023, regarding the individuals who are executive officers of Arconic. 
 Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Timothy D. Myers 
 57 Chief Executive Officer 
 Erick R. Asmussen 
 56 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Daniel G. Fayock 48 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Melissa M. Miller 
 51 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 
 Diana B. Perreiah 58 Executive Vice President, Rolled Products North America Mark J. Vrablec 
 62 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 
 Robert L. Woodall 56 Executive Vice President, Rolled Products International and Extrusions 
 
 Timothy D. Myers has served as President of Arconic Corporation since February 2020 and as Chief Executive Officer since April 2020. From October 2017 to April 2020, Mr. Myers served as Executive Vice President and Group President, Global Rolled Products, which was restructured in contemplation of the Separation to include the Extrusions and Building and Construction Systems businesses of ParentCo. From May 2016 to June 2019, he served as Executive Vice President and Group President of ParentCo s Transportation and Construction Solutions segment, which then comprised Arconic Wheel and Transportation Products and Building and Construction Systems and which segment was eliminated in the third quarter of 2019, with the Building and Construction Systems business then moved to the Global Rolled Products segment. Prior to that assignment, he was President of Alcoa Wheel and Transportation Products, from June 2009 to May 2016. Mr. Myers was Vice President and General Manager, Commercial Vehicle Wheels for the Alcoa Wheel Products business from January 2006 to June 2009. Mr. Myers joined Alcoa Inc. in 1991 as an automotive applications engineer in the Commercial Rolled Products Division, and held a series of engineering, marketing, sales and management positions with Alcoa Inc. and ParentCo since that time. 
 Erick R. Asmussen has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Arconic Corporation since February 2020. Mr. Asmussen previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Momentive Performance Materials Inc. from May 2015 to July 2019. Prior to joining Momentive, Mr. Asmussen served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of GrafTech International, Ltd. from September 2013 to May 2015. Mr. Asmussen joined GrafTech in 1999 and served in multiple leadership roles, including Vice President of Strategy, Planning and Corporate Development, Worldwide Controller, Tax Director, and Treasurer. Prior to GrafTech, Mr. Asmussen worked in various financial positions with Corning Incorporated, AT T Corporation, and Arthur Andersen LLP. 
 Daniel G. Fayock has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of Arconic Corporation since April 2022. Mr. Fayock previously served as Assistant General Counsel and Secretary of PPG Industries, Inc. from September 2018 to March 2022, where he was responsible for advising the board of directors and executive team and serving as counsel to various businesses on legal and strategic issues. Prior to this position, Mr. Fayock served as Corporate Counsel from January 2015 to September 2018 and previously in a number of senior legal positions over his 15 years with PPG Industries with a broad spectrum of progressive legal responsibilities. Prior to joining PPG Industries, Mr. Fayock was a senior attorney with Allegheny Energy after starting his legal career as a corporate associate with K L Gates. 
 
 Melissa M. Miller has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Arconic Corporation since April 2020. From October 2017 until April 2020, Ms. Miller served as Vice President of Human Resources for ParentCo s Global Rolled Products business, which was restructured in contemplation of the Separation to include the Extrusions and Building and Construction Systems (BCS) businesses of ParentCo. From May 2016 until October 2017, Ms. Miller served as Vice President of Human Resources for the business segment that comprised the BCS business and Arconic Wheel Transportation Products. From June 2011 until February 2016, Ms. Miller served as Global Human Resources Director of the BCS business. Ms. Miller joined Alcoa Inc. in 2005 and held multiple leadership roles at Alcoa Inc. and ParentCo with a broad spectrum of progressive HR responsibilities, including HR strategy and delivery, talent management, workforce planning, succession planning, employee engagement, campus partnerships, HR technology, growth in emerging markets, merger integrations, turnarounds and employee/labor relations. Prior to joining Alcoa Inc., Ms. Miller served in several HR-related roles at Marconi Communications (formerly known as FORE Systems) for more than seven years. 
 Diana B. Perreiah has served as Executive Vice President, Rolled Products North America of Arconic Corporation since August 2022. Ms. Perreiah served as President, Building and Construction Systems at ParentCo from May 2015 to March 2020 
 12 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 and continued in that role at Arconic Corporation from the Separation Date to August 2022. Ms. Perreiah joined Alcoa Inc. in 1986 as a systems analyst and subsequently held a variety of positions with Alcoa Inc. and ParentCo, including Operations Manager, North American Extrusions, and several positions in corporate, including Global Information Services, and in the internal manufacturing excellence group. She joined the Building and Construction Systems group in 2009 as Vice President, Business Operations, Kawneer North America. Since then, she has held a series of leadership positions within Building and Construction Systems, including Vice President General Manager, Kawneer North America. 
 
 Mark J. Vrablec has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of Arconic Corporation since April 2020. From February 2019 to April 2020, Mr. Vrablec served as Vice President for ParentCo s Global Rolled Products business, which was restructured in contemplation of the Separation to include the Extrusions and Building and Construction Systems businesses. From July 2017 to February 2019, Mr. Vrablec served as Vice President, Global Rolled Products Commercial and Business Development. From November 2016 to July 2017, Mr. Vrablec served as President of the Aerospace and Automotive Products business, holding the same role for Alcoa Inc. from October 2015 until November 2016. From September 2011 until October 2015, Mr. Vrablec served as President of Alcoa Inc. s Aerospace, Transportation and Industrial Rolled Products business. Mr. Vrablec joined Alcoa Inc. in 1982 as a metallurgist, and has held a series of quality assurance, operations, and management positions with Alcoa Inc. and ParentCo since that time. 
 Robert L. Woodall has served as Executive Vice President, Rolled Products International and Extrusions of Arconic since August 2022. Mr. Woodall served as President, Global Rolled Products Europe and Asia from April 2020 to August 2022, and assumed responsibility for Extrusions in June 2022. From July 2018 to April 2020, he served as Director of Global Plant Operations for Global Rolled Products at ParentCo, and prior to July 2018, he served as Vice President of Operations at ParentCo. Mr. Woodall joined Alcoa in 1989 as a mechanical engineer and subsequently held a variety of engineering, maintenance, production, and management positions with Alcoa Inc. and ParentCo, including Plant Manager, Pt. Henry, Australia; Director of Australian Rolled Products; and Manufacturing Director for Arconic Davenport Works and Satellite locations. 
 Available Information 
 The Company s Internet address is www.arconic.com . Arconic makes available free of charge on or through its website its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The information on the Company s website is not a part of, or incorporated by reference in, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations, including causing our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. The following list of significant risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may materially adversely affect us in future periods 
 
 Business Risks Global Conditions 
 
 The markets for our products are cyclical and are influenced by a number of factors, including global economic conditions, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to cyclical fluctuations in global economic conditions and lightweight metals end-use markets. Many of our products are sold to industries that are cyclical, such as the aerospace, automotive, commercial transportation and building and construction industries, and the demand for our products are sensitive to, and quickly impacted by, demand for the finished goods manufactured by our customers in these industries, which may change as a result of changes in regional or worldwide economies, currency exchange rates, energy prices or other factors beyond our control. 
 
 In particular, we derive a significant portion of our revenue from products sold to the aerospace industry, which can be cyclical and reflective of changes in the general economy. The commercial aerospace industry is historically driven by the demand from commercial airlines for new aircraft. The U.S. and international commercial aviation industries may face challenges arising from competitive pressures and fuel costs. Demand for commercial aircraft is influenced by airline industry profitability, trends in airline passenger traffic, the state of U.S., regional and world economies, the ability of aircraft purchasers to obtain required financing and numerous other factors, including the effects of terrorism, health and safety concerns, 
 13 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 environmental constraints imposed upon aircraft operators, the retirement of older aircraft, the performance and cost of alternative materials, and technological improvements to aircraft. 
 
 Further, the demand for our ground transportation products is driven by the number of vehicles produced by automotive and commercial transportation manufacturers and volume of aluminum content per vehicle. The automotive industry is sensitive to general economic conditions, including credit markets and interest rates, and consumer spending and preferences regarding vehicle ownership and usage, vehicle size, configuration and features. Automotive and commercial transportation sales and production can also be affected by other factors, including supply chain disruptions, the age of the vehicle fleet and related scrap rates, labor relations issues, fuel prices, regulatory requirements, government initiatives, trade agreements, interest rates, health and safety concerns and levels of competition both within and outside of the aluminum industry. 
 
 Our products are used in a variety of industrial applications, including mold and tooling plate for semiconductors; general engineering/machinery and injection molding applications; specialty finishes for appliances, cosmetic packaging, and vehicle components; tread plate and sheet; and building and construction products. Common alloy sheet, which is a significant portion of the total industrial products market, is particularly sensitive to the volume of imports of common alloys into the U.S. The implementation of anti-dumping and countervailing duties imposed on Chinese common alloy sheet during 2018 has led to a significant decrease in the volume of imports from China. That decrease was followed by a significant increase in imports of common alloy into the U.S. from other countries, which led to softening prices. In 2021, the U.S. government imposed new anti-dumping and countervailing duties on imports of common alloy aluminum sheet from 16 additional countries. The anti-dumping and countervailing duties have led to improved pricing in the U.S. for common alloy sheet, though the long-term impact of the tariffs on import levels and pricing, as well as the likelihood of extension of such duties, remains difficult to predict. 
 
 We are unable to predict the future course of industry variables, the strength of the U.S., regional or global economies, or the effects of government actions. Negative economic conditions, such as a major economic downturn, a prolonged recovery period, or disruptions in the financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows have been, and in the future could be, materially adversely affected by the effects of widespread public health epidemics/pandemics. 
 
 Outbreaks of contagious diseases, public health epidemics or pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted in travel restrictions, governmental restrictions on certain activities, and shutdown of certain businesses globally, Sudden Acute Respiratory Syndrome, Avian Influenza, H1N1 virus, or the Ebola virus) or other adverse public health developments in countries where we, our employees, customers and suppliers operate could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and/or cash flows. Any such epidemics or pandemics could experience resurgences in cases, communicability or severity as a result of the development of different variants, as with the COVID-19 pandemic, which could extend the magnitude or duration of the adverse impact on our operations. The extent to which any such outbreak affects our operations over time is highly uncertain and beyond our control, and is dependent on a variety of factors, including the duration and severity of the initial outbreak or subsequent variants, the imposition of governmental quarantine or other public health measures, the availability of vaccines or other medical remedies and preventive measures, and determinations regarding, among other things, health and safety, demand for specific products, and broader economic conditions. Many of the actions that may be taken to mitigate the impact of an epidemic or pandemic, including declarations of states of emergency, governmental quarantines, shelter-in-place and stay-at-home orders, social distancing requirements, business closures and staged procedures for reopening, manufacturing restrictions and a prolonged period of travel, commercial and/or other similar restrictions and limitations, are highly likely to impact our business and the business of many of our customers, and therefore are likely to magnify the risks of a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and/or cash flows, as well as on our business strategies and initiatives. In addition, the impact of any epidemic or pandemic, and the related restrictions, may differ in the areas in which our products are manufactured, distributed or sold, or may change on short notice in response to new variants or other circumstances and, accordingly, any such impact on our operations or the operations of our customers and suppliers is difficult to predict. Because we rely on supply chain continuity, restrictions in one location may materially impact operations in multiple locations, and the impact of an epidemic or pandemic in one location may have a disproportionate effect on our operations in the future. 
 
 An epidemic or pandemic subjects our operations, financial performance and financial condition to a number of risks, including, but not limited to modification of business practices, including idling or production decreases at our facilities and workforce reductions; actions we may take associated with the safety and welfare of our employees, including increased costs associated with recruiting, hiring, training and supervising new employees or employees required to perform new roles, maintaining high levels of employee awareness of and compliance with our internal procedures and regulatory requirements, and implementing employee health and safety initiatives; lower demand for our products should our customers experience labor shortages, supply chain issues or other operational impacts; concessions or contract modifications that we may grant to our 
 14 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 customers; supply chain disruption, including labor shortages, unavailability of or price volatility for raw materials or energy, and transportation and logistics challenges; volatility in financial and commodities markets adversely impacting asset valuations, including pension assets; and the impact on our customers businesses related to the financial condition of or other restrictions on the end users of their products or services, including air travel, construction and the trends in the purchases of automobiles, industrial products and other manufactured goods. In addition, we may experience decreased availability of liquidity under our asset-based lending credit facility (the "ABL Credit Facility" and the credit agreement forming a part of the ABL Credit Facility, the "ABL Credit Agreement"), which is based on a borrowing base calculation based on our financial results and cash from operations, or credit rating downgrades that could adversely affect our cost of funding and related margins, liquidity, competitive position, access to capital markets, and ability to refinance indebtedness on favorable terms. The magnitude of the adverse effects of these and other risks on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows will vary depending on the duration and severity of an epidemic or pandemic and the responses of governmental authorities, suppliers, customers and Arconic. A sustained impact to our operations and financial results may require material impairments of our assets including, but not limited to, inventory, goodwill, intangible assets, long-lived assets, right-of-use assets, and deferred income tax assets. 
 
 An epidemic or pandemic may also exacerbate other risks disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, but not limited to, risks related to global economic conditions and inflation, competition, loss of customers, costs of supplies, manufacturing difficulties and disruptions, our credit profile, our credit ratings and interest rates. In addition, a future epidemic or pandemic may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us, or present significant risks to our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and/or cash flows that are different from the risks presented by prior epidemics or pandemics. 
 
 Climate change, and evolving customer and stakeholder expectations, legal, regulatory and policy requirements, and market dynamics driven by climate change, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 There are inherent climate-related risks in various regions where we conduct business. Global climate change is resulting, and is expected to continue to result, in certain natural disasters and adverse weather conditions, such as drought, wildfires, storms, tornados, hurricanes, blizzards, changes in sea-levels, flooding, and extreme temperatures, occurring more frequently or with greater intensity and unpredictability. Such conditions could result in disruptions to any facility or surrounding community directly impacted by a climate-related event, including physical damage resulting in shutdowns and requiring repair or our employees unavailability to work, and could also adversely impact our suppliers, customers, and shipping and transportation networks. These disruptions could make it more difficult and costly for us to produce and deliver our products, obtain raw materials or other supplies, maintain our critical corporate functions, and could reduce customer demand for our products. 
 
 In addition, customers, communities, investors and other stakeholders are increasingly focusing on environmental issues, including climate change and the carbon footprint of businesses throughout our supply chain. Changing customer preferences may result in increased demands regarding, among other matters, the source of aluminum, alloying metals and other materials used in our products, demand for increased use of recycled materials in our products, the manner in which power we consume is generated, our use and treatment of water and other natural resources, and the packing materials and shipping methods we use to deliver our products. In order to respond to these demands, we may need to make changes to our facilities, operations or production methods, or increase research and development efforts, any of which are likely to result in significant additional costs. Additional costs, or diminished customer demand for our products, loss of market share, or reputational damage resulting from our failure to satisfy customer preferences or to meet evolving investor, stakeholder or industry expectations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, concerns over climate change have resulted in ongoing public pressure to address, and to adopt legal and regulatory requirements designed to address, climate change, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions (and the establishment of enhanced internal processes or systems to track emissions), policies mandating or promoting the use of renewable or zero-carbon energy and sustainability initiatives, and additional taxes on or other costs related to fuel and energy. For example, in January 2021, the U.S. recommitted to the Paris Agreement and in April 2021, President Biden announced targets to reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions. If newly enacted laws or regulations, or newly adopted policies or initiatives, are more stringent than current requirements, we, our suppliers and our customers may be subject to increased compliance burdens, incur significant additional costs, or experience disruption in the sourcing of materials and the manufacturing and distribution of products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Governments of countries in which we operate could nationalize or expropriate private enterprises, or otherwise change their policies regarding private enterprise, which could adversely impact the value of our operations in those countries. 
 
 Certain countries in which we operate are subject to political, social, diplomatic and economic uncertainty. The governments of these countries may develop or implement political, social or economic policies contrary to, or reversing current policies encouraging, private enterprise, economic decentralization and/or outside investment in such countries. Changes in policies, the enactment of new laws or regulations, or changes in the interpretation of current policies, laws or 
 15 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 regulations could result in, among other impacts, the imposition of confiscatory taxation, trade sanctions or embargoes, our inability to protect our intellectual property rights, renegotiation or nullification of existing agreements or property rights, restrictions on currency conversion, restrictions or prohibitions on the payment of dividends or distributions, or the nationalization or expropriation of private enterprises, including our operations. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, and nationalization or expropriation could result in the loss of all revenues generated in, and the entire value or our investment in, such countries. 
 
 We are exposed to economic factors, including inflation, fluctuations in aluminum prices, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, and currency controls in the countries in which we operate. 
 
 We have experienced, and continue to experience, inflationary pressures on the prices of aluminum, materials, transportation, energy and labor. In an inflationary environment, such as the current economic environment, our ability to implement customer pricing adjustments or surcharges to pass-through or offset the impacts of inflation may be limited. Continued inflationary pressures could reduce our profit margins and profitability. 
 
 Other economic factors, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, competitive factors in the countries in which we operate, and continued volatility or deterioration in the global economic and financial environment could affect our revenues, expenses and results of operations. Changes in the valuation of the U.S. dollar against other currencies, including the Euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, and Chinese yuan (renminbi), may affect our profitability as some important inputs are purchased in other currencies, while our products are generally sold in U.S. dollars. 
 
 Our ABL Credit Facility bears interest at rates equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment, plus a margin. Accordingly, we will be subject to risk from changes in interest rates on the variable component of the rate. 
 
 We also face risks arising from the imposition of cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls. Cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing restrictions or controls. While we currently have no need, and do not intend, to repatriate or convert cash held in countries that have significant restrictions or controls in place, should we need to do so to fund our operations, we may be unable to repatriate or convert such cash, or be unable to do so without incurring substantial costs. We currently have substantial operations in countries that have, or that may in the future impose, cash repatriation restrictions or exchange controls in place, including China, and, if we were to need to repatriate or convert such cash, these controls and restrictions may have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our global operations expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the market price of our securities. 
 
 We have operations or activities in numerous countries and regions outside the U.S., including Europe, the United Kingdom, Canada, and China. As a result, our global operations are affected by economic, political and other conditions in the foreign countries in which we do business as well as U.S. laws regulating international trade, including: 
 
 economic and commercial instability risks, including those caused by sovereign and private debt default, corruption, and changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, such as those related to tariffs, sanctions and trade barriers (including tariffs imposed by the U.S. as well as retaliatory tariffs imposed by the European Union or other foreign entities), import or export restrictions, taxation, environmental regulations, production curtailments, exchange controls, employment regulations and repatriation of assets or earnings; 
 the ongoing uncertainty regarding the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union (known as Brexit and its impact and long-term effects on trade, imports and exports, tariffs and currencies, and our relationships with customers and suppliers; 
 geopolitical risks such as political instability, civil unrest, expropriation, nationalization of properties by a government, imposition of sanctions, and renegotiation or nullification of existing agreements; 
 the potential for increased tensions between the U.S. and countries in which we operate, including China and European Union nations; 
 the global impact of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, including tariffs, economic sanctions and import-export restrictions imposed by either nation, and retaliatory actions by the other nation; 
 war or terrorist activities; 
 kidnapping of personnel; 
 16 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 major public health issues such as an outbreak of a pandemic or epidemic, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which could cause disruptions in our operations, workforce, supply chain and/or customer demand; 
 shipping, freight and supply chain disruptions; 
 difficulties enforcing contractual rights and intellectual property, including a lack of remedies for misappropriation, in certain jurisdictions; 
 changes in trade and tax laws that may impact our operations and financial condition and/or result in our customers being subjected to increased taxes, duties and tariffs and reduce their willingness to use our services in countries in which we are currently manufacturing products we supply to them; 
 rising labor costs; 
 labor unrest, including strikes; 
 compliance with antitrust and competition regulations; 
 compliance with foreign labor laws, which generally provide for increased notice, severance and consultation requirements compared to U.S. laws; 
 aggressive, selective or lax enforcement of laws and regulations by national governmental authorities; 
 compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and corruption laws; 
 compliance with U.S. laws concerning trade, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Regulations, and the sanctions, regulations and embargoes administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control; 
 imposition of currency controls; 
 compliance with data privacy regulations; and 
 adverse tax laws and audit rulings. 
 
 Although the effect of any of the foregoing factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our international operations subject us to complex and dynamic laws and regulations that, in some cases, could result in conflict or inconsistency between applicable laws and/or legal obligations. While we believe we have adopted appropriate risk management, compliance programs and insurance arrangements to mitigate the associated risks, such measures may provide inadequate protection against costs, penalties, liabilities or other potential risks such as loss of export privileges or repatriation of assets that may arise from such events. 
 
 An adverse decline in the liability discount rate, lower-than-expected investment return on pension assets and other factors could affect our results of operations or amount of pension funding contributions in future periods. 
 
 We provide defined benefit pension and retiree healthcare benefits to eligible employees and retirees. Our results of operations may be negatively affected by the amount of expense we record for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans, reductions in the fair value of plan assets, significant changes in market interest rates, investment losses or lower than expected returns on plan assets, and other factors. We calculate income or expense for our plans using actuarial valuations in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). 
 
 These valuations reflect assumptions about financial market and other economic conditions, which may change based on changes in key economic indicators. The most significant year-end assumptions used to estimate pension or other postretirement benefit income or expense for the following year are the discount rate applied to plan liabilities and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. In addition, we are required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant charge to stockholders equity. For a discussion regarding how our financial statements can be affected by pension and other post-retirement benefits accounting policies, see Note B to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II. Item 8, and Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations--Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. Although GAAP expense and pension funding contributions are impacted by different regulations and requirements, the key economic factors that affect GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash or securities we would contribute to the pension plans. The defined benefit pension plans were underfunded as of December 31, 2022 by 578 million based on actuarial methods and assumptions in accordance with GAAP. In the event that actual results differ from the actuarial assumptions, the funded status of our defined benefit plans and future cash contributions may increase or decrease. See Part II. Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements--Contractual Obligations" and "--Obligations for Operating Activities" for additional information regarding expected contributions and benefit payments in 2023. 

17 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Business Risks Competition and Customers 
 
 We face significant competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability. 
 
 The markets for our products are highly competitive. Our competitors include a variety of both U.S. and non-U.S. companies in all major markets. We may also face competition from emerging competitors, particularly in China and other developing economies, as customers seek to globalize their supply bases in order to reduce costs. New product offerings, new technologies in the marketplace or new facilities may compete with or replace our products. The willingness of customers to accept substitutes for our products, the ability of large customers to exert leverage in the marketplace to affect the pricing for our products, and technological advancements or other developments by or affecting our competitors or customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. See Part I. Item 1. Business Description of the Business Rolled Products Competitive Conditions, Extrusions Competitive Conditions, and Building and Construction Systems Competitive Conditions for additional information about competition in the markets for our products. 
 
 In addition, we may face increased competition due to industry consolidation. As companies attempt to strengthen or maintain their market positions in an evolving industry, they could be acquired or merged. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. Industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors who are better able to obtain favorable terms from suppliers or who are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. Consolidation within our customer base may result in customers who are better able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could adversely affect our profitability. Moreover, if, as a result of increased leverage, customers require us to reduce our pricing such that our gross margins are diminished, we could decide not to sell certain products to a particular customer, or not to sell certain products at all, which would decrease our revenue. Consolidation within our customer base may also lead to reduced demand for our products, a combined entity replacing our products with those of our competitors, and cancellations of orders. The result of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We could be adversely affected by the loss of key customers, the impact of supply chain disruptions or other economic conditions on our key customers, or significant changes in the business or financial condition of our customers. 
 
 We have long-term contracts with a significant number of our customers, some of which are subject to renewal, renegotiation or re-pricing at periodic intervals or upon changes in competitive supply conditions. Our failure to successfully renew, renegotiate or favorably re-price such agreements, or a material deterioration in or termination of these customer relationships, could result in a reduction or loss in customer purchase volume or revenue. 
 
 Additionally, a significant downturn or deterioration in the business or financial condition or loss of a key customer could affect our financial results. Our customers may experience unavailability or price volatility of raw materials, key components or other supply chain disruptions, weak demand for their products, delays in the certification or la unch of new products, inability to achieve expected future orders in China or other markets, labor strikes, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability that negatively impact the customer's ability to make full or timely payment or that require us to restructure payment terms, or other difficulties in their businesses, any of which could significantly reduce demand for our products. These impacts may be unique to one customer or a small number of customers. For example, Boeing has experienced negative impacts in recent periods, including the temporary reduction in the production rate and subsequent temporary suspension of production of the 737 MAX aircraft, and delays in certification of the 737 MAX aircraft in China; and reduced passenger travel during the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting elevated inventory of airframes and fuselages. These events have negatively impacted sales of aluminum sheet and plate products that we produce for Boeing airplanes and may continue to negatively impact sales for future periods. The impacts may also be experienced by a broader group of customers within an end market that we serve. For example, in 2020, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and other global factors contributed to a severe shortage in semiconductors used in automotive manufacturing. As a result, automotive customers were forced to curtail production at various intervals and across many different product lines resulting in reductions in the volume of vehicles manufactured. For 2020, 2021 and 2022, global vehicle production was reduced by more than 10 million vehicles, resulting in a significant reduction in sales of aluminum sheet and extrusions products that we produce for a number of key automotive customers. Customer initiatives to recover lost volume as business and economic conditions improve may not be successfully implemented, or may be implemented over extended time periods. Depending on the nature, extent and duration of negative business or economic conditions impacting our customers, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected acutely or over a longer period of time. 
 
 Our customers may also change their business strategies or modify their business relationships with us, including to reduce the amount of our products they purchase or to switch to alternative suppliers. If our customers reduce, terminate or delay 
 18 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 purchases from us due to the foregoing factors or otherwise and we are unsuccessful in replacing such business in whole or in part or replace it with less profitable business, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our customers may reduce their demand for aluminum products in favor of alternative materials. 
 
 Certain applications of our aluminum-based products compete with products made from other materials, such as steel, titanium, plastics, glass and composites. The willingness of customers to pursue materials other than aluminum often depends upon the desire to achieve specific performance attributes. For example, the commercial aerospace industry has used and continues to evaluate the further use of alternative materials to aluminum, such as titanium and composites, in order to further reduce the weight and increase the fuel efficiency of aircraft. The automotive industry, while motivated to reduce vehicle weight through the use of aluminum, may substitute with steel or other materials for certain applications. The packaging industry continues to experience advances in alternative materials, such as plastics, glass and organic or compostable materials, which may compare favorably to aluminum with respect to preservation of food and beverage quality and recyclability. Further, the decision to use aluminum may be impacted by aluminum prices or compatibility of aluminum with other materials used by a customer in a given application. The willingness of customers to accept other materials in lieu of aluminum could adversely affect the demand for certain of our products, and thus adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We may face challenges to our intellectual property rights which could adversely affect our reputation, business and competitive position, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We own important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks and copyrights. Our intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of the markets that we serve. Our competitors may develop technologies that are similar or superior to our proprietary technologies or design around the patents we own or license. Despite our controls and safeguards, our technology may be misappropriated by our employees, our competitors or other third parties. The pursuit of remedies for any misappropriation of our intellectual property is expensive and the ultimate remedies may be deemed insufficient. Further, in jurisdictions where the enforcement of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk of misappropriation of our intellectual property increases despite efforts we undertake to protect it. Developments or assertions by or against us relating to intellectual property rights, and any inability to protect or enforce our rights sufficiently, could adversely affect our business and competitive position, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Business Risks Operations and Product Development 
 
 We could encounter manufacturing difficulties or other issues that impact product performance, quality or safety, which could affect our ability to supply customers or meet contractual obligations, reputation, business and financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The manufacture of many of our products is a highly exacting and complex process. Problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction or unforeseen maintenance outages, failure to follow specific protocols, specifications and procedures, including those related to quality or safety, unavailability of raw materials, supply chain interruptions, natural disasters, health pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), labor shortages or unrest, and environmental factors. Such problems could have an adverse impact on our ability to fulfill customer orders or meet contractual obligations, including with respect to quantity, delivery times, or product quality, specifications or performance, which could result in recalls, customer penalties, contract cancellation and product liability exposure. Because of approval, license and qualification requirements applicable to manufacturers and/or their suppliers, alternatives to mitigate manufacturing disruptions may not be readily available to us or our customers. Accordingly, manufacturing problems, product defects or other risks associated with our products could result in significant costs related to remediation and other liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, including the payment of potentially substantial monetary damages, fines or penalties, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation, which could adversely impact product demand and customer relationships. 
 
 Our business depends, in part, on our ability to meet increased customer demand successfully and to mitigate the impact of customer program cancellations, reductions and delays. 
 
 We are under contract to supply aluminum sheet, plate and extrusions for a number of new and existing commercial and general aviation aircraft programs, as well as aluminum sheet and extrusions for a number of aluminum-intensive automotive vehicle programs. Many of these programs are scheduled for production increases over the next several years. In addition, we expect customer demand for packaging materials to continue to increase. If we fail to meet production levels or encounter difficulty or unexpected costs in meeting such levels, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition 
 19 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 or results of operations. Similarly, program cancellations, reductions or delays could also have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 A material disruption or limitation of our operations, particularly at one or more of our manufacturing facilities, could adversely affect our business. 
 
 If our operations, particularly one of our manufacturing facilities, were to be disrupted as a result of significant equipment failures, natural disasters, adverse weather conditions, power outages, fires, floods, explosions, terrorism, theft, sabotage, public health crises, labor shortages or disputes or other reasons, we may be unable to effectively meet our obligations to or demand from our customers, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 
 Our operations depend on the continued and efficient functioning of our facilities, including critical equipment. Despite our routine maintenance programs for our facilities and equipment, we may experience periods of reduced production or production delays due to planned and unplanned equipment outages at our facilities. Our facilities also require significant capital improvements, including upgrades to or replacements of equipment, from time to time. Repairs, equipment replacement or other facility improvement projects may also result in periods of reduced or delayed production. Supply chain issues and labor shortages may impact our ability to obtain parts, materials or replacement equipment necessary to make repairs or improvements, and may increase the time required to complete such repairs or improvements. Unforeseen delays or unavailability of parts or materials could significantly increase the costs associated with repairs or improvements. 
 
 Interruptions in production could result in significant increases in our costs and reductions in our sales. Any interruption in production capability could require us to incur costs for premium freight, make substantial capital expenditures or purchase alternative material at higher costs to fill customer orders, which could negatively affect our profitability and financial condition. Furthermore, because customers may be dependent on planned deliveries from us, customers that have to reschedule their own production due to our delivery delays may be able to pursue financial claims against us, and we may incur costs to correct such problems in addition to any liability resulting from such claims. While we maintain property damage insurance that we believe to be adequate to provide for reconstruction of facilities and equipment, as well as business interruption insurance to mitigate certain of our losses resulting from significant production interruption or shutdown caused by an insured loss, not all events leading to a disruption of operations are covered events. Additionally, any recovery under our insurance policies may not fully offset the lost profits or increased costs that may be experienced during the disruption of operations, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 
 
 We may be unable to develop innovative new products or implement technology initiatives successfully. 
 
 Our competitive position and future performance depend, in part, on our ability to: 
 identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends in our target end-markets; 
 identify and successfully execute on a strategy to remain an essential and sustainable element of our customers supply chains; 
 fund, develop, manufacture and bring innovative new products and services to market quickly and cost-effectively; 
 monitor disruptive technologies and understand customers and competitors abilities to deploy those disruptive technologies; and 
 achieve sufficient return on investment for new products based on capital expenditures and research and development spending. 
 
 We continuously work on new developments for strategic projects, including alloy development, engineered finishes and product design, high speed continuous casting and rolling technology and other advanced manufacturing technologies. For more information on our research and development programs, see Part I, Item 1. Business Research and Development. 
 
 In spite of our expenditure of financial resources and dedicated effort to develop innovative new products and services, we may not be able to successfully differentiate our products or services from those of our competitors or match the level of research and development spending of our competitors, including those developing technology to displace our current products. In addition, we may not be able to adapt to evolving markets and technologies or achieve and maintain technological advantages. There can be no assurance that any of our new products or services, development programs or technologies will be commercially adopted or beneficial to us. 

20 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Business Risks Supply Chain 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by increases in the cost or volatility in the availability of aluminum or other raw materials. 
 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from aluminum-based products. The price of primary aluminum has historically been subject to significant cyclical price fluctuations, and the timing of changes in the market price of aluminum is largely unpredictable. Although the pricing of most of our products is generally intended to pass substantially all the risk of metal price fluctuations on to our customers or is otherwise hedged, there are situations where we are unable to pass on the entire cost of increases to our customers and there is a potential time lag on certain products between increases in costs for aluminum and the point when we can implement a corresponding increase in price to our customers and/or there are other timing factors that may result in our exposure to certain price fluctuations which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, since metal prices fluctuate among the various exchanges, our competitors may enjoy a metal price advantage from time to time. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by changes in the availability or cost of other raw materials (including, but not limited to, copper, magnesium, silicon and zinc), as well as labor costs, energy costs and freight costs associated with transportation of materials. Prices for and the availability of materials necessary for production may fluctuate due to a number of factors, including inflationary pressure, supply shortages and disruptions caused by geopolitical or global health events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. The availability and costs of certain raw materials necessary for the production of our products may also be influenced by private or government entities, including mergers and acquisitions, changes in world politics or regulatory requirements (such as human rights regulations, environmental regulations or production curtailments), labor relations between the producers and their work forces, labor shortages, political instability in exporting nations, export quotas, sanctions, new or increased import duties, countervailing or anti-dumping duties, infrastructure and transportation issues, market forces of supply and demand, and inflation. In addition, from time to time, commodity prices may fall rapidly. When this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve, which may cause periodic supply interruptions. We may be unable to offset fully the effects of material shortages or higher costs through customer price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. Shortages or price fluctuations in raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 
 We are dependent on a limited number of suppliers for a substantial portion of our primary and scrap aluminum and certain other raw materials essential to our operations. 
 
 We have supply arrangements with a limited number of suppliers for aluminum and other raw materials. We maintain annual or long-term contracts for a majority of our supply requirements, and for the remainder we depend on spot purchases. From time to time, increasing aluminum demand levels have caused regional supply constraints in the industry and further increases in demand levels could exacerbate these issues. Such constraints could impact our production or force us to purchase primary metal and other supplies from alternative sources, which may not be available in sufficient quantities or may only be available on terms that are less favorable to us. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to renew, or obtain replacements for, any of our long-term contracts when they expire on terms that are as favorable as our existing agreements or at all. Additionally, we could have exposure if a key supplier in a particular region is unable to deliver sufficient quantities of a necessary material on a timely basis. A significant interruption in the operations of a key supplier could jeopardize the ability of plants in that region to operate at capacity, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. In addition, a significant downturn in the business or financial condition of our significant suppliers exposes us to the risk of default by the supplier on our contractual agreements, and this risk is increased by weak and deteriorating economic conditions on a global, regional or industry sector level. 
 
 We also depend on scrap aluminum for our operations and acquire our scrap inventory from numerous sources. These suppliers generally are not bound by long-term contracts and have no obligation to sell scrap metal to us. In periods of low inventory prices, suppliers may elect to hold scrap until they are able to charge higher prices. Additionally, the purity and attributes of scrap material can vary significantly, which could result in a shortage of useable scrap metal. If an adequate supply of scrap metal is not available to us, we would be unable to recycle metals at desired volumes and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Business Risks Strategy 
 
 We may not be able to realize the expected benefits of our re-entry into the packaging market in the U.S. and other geographies. 
 
 We have made a significant investment of management time and financial resources in our re-entry into the U.S. packaging market, including capital investments in machinery, application of research and development resources to developing innovations in packaging materials, re-tooling portions of our rolled products capacity to produce materials designed to suit the needs of customers in the packaging market, supplementing our workforce to fulfill capacity, and engaging with a new customer base that has different needs than our aerospace, automotive, and industrial customers. In addition, the competitive landscape in the packaging market involves not only some of our current key competitors, with whom we compete for customers, labor and materials including scrap, but also new competitors offering alternative packaging materials, particularly plastics and glass products, many of whom are larger and more established in the packaging market than we are. Our ability to realize the benefits of our strategic decision to re-enter the packaging market could be impacted by availability of labor, raw materials or scrap necessary to produce sufficient volume to satisfy customer demands, unforeseen outages at our facilities that serve the packaging market, or unexpected costs. If we are unable to realize the projected benefits of our re-entry into the packaging market in the U.S. or other geographies, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We may be unable to realize future targets or goals established for our business segments, or complete capital or other projects at the levels, projected costs or by the dates targeted. 
 
 From time to time, we may announce future targets or goals for our business, which are based on our then current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the operating environment, economies and markets in which we operate. Future targets and goals reflect our beliefs and assumptions and our perception of historical trends, then current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors appropriate in the circumstances. As such, targets and goals are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies regarding future events, including the risks discussed therein. The actual outcome may be materially different from projected or target outcomes, and there can be no assurance that any targets or goals established by us will be accomplished at the levels or by the dates targeted, if at all. Failure to achieve our targets or goals may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or the market price of our securities. 
 
 In addition, the implementation of our business strategy may involve the entry into and the execution of complex capital or other projects, which place significant demands on our management and personnel, and the completion and ultimate impact of such projects on our operations may depend on numerous factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that such projects will be completed within budgeted costs, on a timely basis, or at all, whether due to the risks described herein, or other factors. The failure to complete a material project as planned, a significant delay in a material project, increased or unforeseen costs associated with a project, or the failure of a project to have the projected impact on our business or operations, whatever the cause, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Our business and growth prospects may be negatively impacted by limits in our capital expenditures. 
 
 We require substantial capital to invest in growth opportunities and to maintain and prolong the life and capacity of our existing facilities. Insufficient cash generation or capital project overruns or delays may negatively impact our ability to fund as planned our sustaining and return-seeking capital projects. Over the long term, our ability to take advantage of improved market conditions or growth opportunities in our businesses may be constrained by earlier capital expenditure restrictions, which could adversely affect the long-term value of our business and our position in relation to our competitors. 
 
 We may be unable to realize the expected benefits from acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and strategic alliances. 
 
 We have made, and may continue to plan and execute, acquisitions and divestitures and take other actions to grow our business or streamline our portfolio. There is no assurance that anticipated benefits will be realized. Acquisitions present significant challenges and risks, including our effective integration of the acquired business, unanticipated costs and liabilities, and the ability to realize anticipated benefits, such as growth in market share, revenue or margins, at the levels or in the timeframe expected. We may be unable to manage acquisitions successfully. Additionally, adverse factors may prevent us from realizing the benefits of our growth projects, including unfavorable global economic conditions, currency fluctuations, or unexpected delays in target timelines. 
 
 With respect to portfolio optimization actions such as divestitures, curtailments and closures, we may face barriers to exit from unprofitable businesses or operations, including high exit costs or objections from customers, suppliers, unions, local or 
 22 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 national governments, or other stakeholders. In addition, we may retain unforeseen liabilities for divested entities or businesses, including, but not limited to, if a buyer fails to honor all commitments. Our business operations are capital intensive, and curtailment or closure of operations or facilities may include significant charges, including employee separation costs, asset impairment charges and other measures. 
 
 In addition, we have participated in, and may continue to participate in, joint ventures, strategic alliances and other similar arrangements from time to time. Although we have, in connection with past and existing joint ventures, sought to protect our interests, joint ventures and strategic alliances inherently involve special risks. Whether or not we hold majority interests or maintains operational control in such arrangements, our partners may: 
 
 have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with or opposed to ours; 
 exercise veto rights to block actions that we believe to be in our or the joint venture s or strategic alliance s best interests; 
 take action contrary to our policies or objectives with respect to investments; or 
 as a result of financial or other difficulties, be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations under the joint venture, strategic alliance or other agreements, such as contributing capital to expansion or maintenance projects. 
 
 There can be no assurance that acquisitions, growth investments, divestitures, closures, joint ventures, strategic alliances or similar arrangements will be undertaken or completed in their entirety as planned or that they will be beneficial to us, whether due to the above-described risks, unfavorable global economic conditions, increases in construction costs, currency fluctuations, political risks, or other factors. 
 
 A decline in our financial performance or outlook or a deterioration in our credit profile could negatively impact our access to the capital markets and commercial credit, reduce our liquidity, and increase our borrowing costs. 
 
 We have significant capital requirements and may require, in the future, the issuance of debt to fund our operations and contractual commitments or to pursue strategic acquisitions. A decline in our financial performance or outlook due to internal or external factors could affect our access to, and the availability or cost of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions. There can be no assurance that we will have access to the capital markets on terms we find acceptable. 
 
 Major credit rating agencies evaluate our creditworthiness and give us specified credit ratings. These credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and financial policies as well as our strategies, operations and execution. These credit ratings are limited in scope, and do not address all material risks related to investment in us, but rather reflect only the view of each rating agency at the time the rating is issued. Nonetheless, the credit ratings we receive will impact our borrowing costs as well as the terms upon which we will have access to capital. Failure to obtain sufficiently high credit ratings could adversely affect the interest rate in future financings, our liquidity or our competitive position, and could also restrict our access to capital markets. 
 
 There can be no assurance that one or more of the credit rating agencies will not take negative actions with respect to our ratings in the future. Increased debt levels, macroeconomic conditions, a deterioration in our debt protection metrics, a contraction in our liquidity, or other factors could potentially trigger such actions. A credit rating agency may lower, suspend or withdraw entirely a rating or place it on negative outlook or watch if, in that rating agency s judgment, circumstances so warrant. A downgrade of our credit ratings by one or more credit rating agencies could result in adverse consequences, including: adversely impact the market price of our securities; adversely affect existing financing; limit access to the capital (including commercial paper) or credit markets or otherwise adversely affect the availability of other new financing on favorable terms, if at all; result in more restrictive covenants in agreements governing the terms of any future indebtedness that we incur; increase the cost of borrowing or fees on undrawn credit facilities; or result in vendors or counterparties seeking collateral or letters of credit from us. 
 
 Limitations on our ability to access the global capital markets, a reduction in our liquidity or an increase in borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect our ability to maintain or grow our business, which in turn may adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

23 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Business Risks Information Security and Internal Controls 
 
 Information technology system failures, cyber-attacks and security breaches may threaten the integrity of our intellectual property and sensitive information, disrupt our business operations, and result in reputational harm and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on our information technology systems to manage and operate our business, process transactions, and summarize our operating results. Our information technology systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer, network and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, and catastrophic events, such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism, and usage errors by employees. If our information technology systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our operations. Any material disruption in our information technology systems, or delays or difficulties in implementing or integrating new systems or enhancing current systems, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We believe that we face the threat of cyber-attacks due to the industries we serve, the locations of our operations and our technological innovations. These cyber-attacks may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures, known as advanced persistent threats, directed at us and our customers, suppliers and vendors. Cyber-attacks and security breaches may include, but are not limited to, attempts to access information, computer viruses, denial of service and other electronic security breaches, any of which could manipulate or improperly use our systems or networks, compromise confidential information, destroy or corrupt data, or otherwise disrupt our operations. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past, including breaches of our information technology systems in which information was taken, and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. Based on information known to date, past attacks have not had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. However, due to the evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, the scope and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. 
 
 We continually work to safeguard our systems and mitigate potential risks, and our enterprise risk management program and disclosure controls and procedures include elements intended to ensure that we analyze potential disclosure obligations arising from cyber-attacks and security breaches. However, there is no assurance that these safeguards and controls will be sufficient to detect, prevent, engage in timely response to, or report cyber-attacks or security breaches. The occurrence of cyber-attacks or security breaches could negatively impact our reputation and competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, diminution of the value of investments in research and development, potential liability and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report financial results or prevent fraud. 
 
 We are subject to reporting and other obligations under the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and the regulations of the New York Stock Exchange, and to the requirements of Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley which requires management to establish and maintain internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal controls are also important in the prevention and detection of fraudulent activity. Disclosure controls and procedures are processes designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed is communicated to management and reported in a timely fashion. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to the reliability of reporting, including financial reporting and financial statement preparation. If we are not able to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, or other accounting, financial management or reporting systems or procedures, or experience difficulties or delays in the implementation of systems or controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, and in some cases may be required to restate financial results. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, could result in adverse regulatory consequences and/or loss of investor confidence, which could limit our ability to access the global capital markets and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the market price of our securities. In addition, the remediation of any ineffective internal controls could result in unforeseen expenses. 

24 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Risks Related to Employee and Labor Matters 
 
 Labor disputes and difficulties retaining or hiring skilled employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The continuity of our operations depends on maintaining a skilled workforce. We have previously experienced shortages of qualified labor due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic and other economic factors, and may see similar labor shortages in the future. Any labor shortage could decrease our ability to effectively produce and deliver product and to achieve our strategic objectives. In addition, any potential labor shortage may result in increased expenses related to hiring and retention of qualified employees. 
 
 Furthermore, a significant portion of our employees are represented by labor unions in a number of countries under various collective bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration dates. While we previously have been successful in renegotiating our collective bargaining agreements with various unions, we may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate all collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. and other countries when they expire. In addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at our facilities in the future. We may also be subject to general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated to our business or collective bargaining agreements. Any such work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 A failure to attract, retain or provide adequate succession plans for key personnel could adversely affect our operations and competitiveness. 
 
 Our existing operations and development projects require highly skilled executives and staff with relevant industry and technical experience. Our inability to attract and retain such people may adversely impact our ability to meet project demands adequately and fill roles in existing operations. Skills shortages in engineering, manufacturing, technology, construction and maintenance contractors and other labor market inadequacies may also impact activities. These shortages may adversely impact the cost and schedule of development projects and the cost and efficiency of existing operations. 
 
 In addition, the continuity of key personnel and the preservation of institutional knowledge are vital to the success of our growth and business strategy. The loss of key members of management and other personnel could significantly harm our business, and any unplanned turnover, or failure to develop adequate succession plans for key positions, could deplete our institutional knowledge base, result in loss of technical expertise, delay or impede the execution of our business plans and erode our competitiveness. 
 
 Failure to comply with domestic or international employment and related laws could result in penalties or costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business results. 
 
 We are subject to a variety of domestic and foreign employment laws, such as the Fair Labor Standards Act (which governs such matters as minimum wages, overtime and other working conditions), state and local wage laws, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, and regulations related to health and safety, discrimination, organizing, whistleblowing, classification of employees, privacy, severance payments, citizenship requirements, and healthcare insurance mandates. Allegations that we have violated such laws or regulations could damage our reputation and lead to fines from or settlements with federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities or damages payable to employees, which could have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Legal Proceedings and Government Regulations 
 
 Product liability, product safety, personal injury, property damage, and recall claims and investigations may materially affect our financial condition and damage our reputation. 
 
 The manufacture and sale of our products exposes us to potential product liability, personal injury, property damage and related claims. These claims may arise from our alleged failure to meet product specifications, design flaws in our products, malfunction of our products, misuse of our products, use of our products in an unintended, unapproved or unrecommended manner, or use of our products with systems not manufactured or sold by us. New data and information, including information about the ways in which our products are used, may lead regulatory authorities, government agencies or other entities or organizations to publish guidelines or recommendations, or impose restrictions, related to the manufacturing or use of our products. 
 
 25 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 In the event that a product of ours fails to perform as expected, regardless of fault, or is used in an unexpected manner, and such failure or use results in, or is alleged to result in, bodily injury and/or property damage or other losses, we may be subject to product liability lawsuits and other claims, or may be required or requested by our customers to participate in a recall or other corrective action involving such product. In addition, if a product of ours is perceived to be defective or unsafe, sales of our products could be diminished, our reputation could be adversely impacted, and we could be subject to further liability claims. Moreover, events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government investigations or regulatory enforcement action. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will be successful in defending any such proceedings or that insurance available to us will be sufficient to cover any losses associated with such proceedings. An adverse outcome in one or more of these proceedings or investigations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or profitability; impose substantial monetary damages and/or non-monetary penalties; result in additional litigation, regulatory investigations or other proceedings involving us; result in loss of customers; require changes to our products or business operations; damage our reputation and/or negatively impact the market price of our common stock. Even if we successfully defend against these types of claims, we could still be required to spend a substantial amount of money in connection with legal proceedings or investigations with respect to such claims; our management could be required to devote significant time, attention and operational resources responding to and defending against these claims and responding to these investigations; and our reputation could suffer. Product liability claims and related lawsuits and investigations, product recalls, and allegations of product safety or quality issues, regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and reputation and on our ability to attract and retain customers. 
 
 For further discussion of potential liability associated with some of our products, including proceedings and investigations relating to the June 13, 2017 fire at the Grenfell Tower in London, U.K., see Note T to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II. Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" under the caption "Contingencies and Commitments - Contingencies." 
 
 We may be exposed to significant legal proceedings, investigations or changes in U.S. federal, state, local or foreign laws, regulations or policies. 
 
 Our results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by new or increasingly stringent laws, regulatory requirements or interpretations, or outcomes of significant legal proceedings or investigations adverse to us. We may experience an unfavorable change in effective tax rates or become subject to unexpected or rising costs associated with business operations or provision of health or welfare benefits to employees due to changes in laws, regulations or policies. 
 
 We are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory compliance risks in the U.S. and abroad in connection with our business and products. These risks include, among other things, potential claims relating to product liability, product testing, health and safety, environmental matters, employment matters, required record keeping and record retention, compliance with securities laws, intellectual property rights, government contracts and taxes, insurance or commercial matters, as well as compliance with U.S. and foreign laws and regulations governing import and export, anti-bribery, antitrust and competition, sales and trading practices, human rights and modern slavery, sourcing of raw materials, third-party relationships, supply chain operations and the manufacture and sale of products. We may be a party to litigation in a foreign jurisdiction where geopolitical risks might influence the ultimate outcome of such litigation. We could be subject to fines, penalties, damages (in certain cases, treble damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts. 
 
 The global and diverse nature of our operations means that these risks will continue to exist, and additional legal proceedings and contingencies may arise from time to time. While we believe we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to address and reduce these risks, including insurance arrangements with respect to these risks, such measures may provide inadequate protection against liabilities that may arise. In addition, various factors or developments can lead us to change current estimates of liabilities or make such estimates for matters previously insusceptible to reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments or changes in applicable law. A future adverse ruling or settlement or unfavorable changes in laws, regulations or policies, or other contingencies that we cannot predict with certainty could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. Litigation and compliance efforts may require substantial attention from management and could result in significant legal expenses, settlement costs or damage awards that could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. For additional information regarding our legal proceedings, including proceedings and investigations relating to the June 13, 2017 fire at the Grenfell Tower in London, U.K., see Note T to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" under the Caption "Contingencies and Commitments - Contingencies." 
 
 26 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 We are exposed to environmental and safety risks and are subject to a broad range of health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, which may result in substantial costs and liabilities. 
 
 Our operations worldwide are subject to numerous complex and increasingly stringent health, safety and environmental laws and regulations. The costs of complying with such laws and regulations, including participation in assessments and cleanups of sites, as well as internal voluntary programs, are significant and will continue to be so for the foreseeable future. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in significant penalties or criminal liability. Environmental laws may impose cleanup liability on owners and occupiers of contaminated property, including present, past or divested properties, regardless of whether the owners and occupiers caused the contamination or whether the activity that caused the contamination was lawful at the time it was conducted. Environmental matters for which we may be liable may arise in the future at our present sites, at sites owned or operated by our predecessors or affiliates, at sites that we may acquire in the future, or at third-party sites used by our predecessors or affiliates for material and waste handling and disposal. Compliance with health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, including remediation obligations, may prove to be more challenging and costly than we anticipate. Our results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by certain health, safety or environmental matters, including remediation costs and damages related to certain sites as well as other health and safety risks relating to our operations and products. Additionally, evolving regulatory standards and expectations can result in increased litigation and/or increased costs, including increased remediation costs, all of which can have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 In addition, the heavy industrial activities conducted at our facilities present a significant risk of injury or death to our employees, customers or third parties that may be on site. We have experienced serious injuries in the past, notwithstanding the safety protocols, practices and precautions we take. Our operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local agencies in the U.S. and regulation by foreign government entities abroad responsible for employee health and safety, including OSHA. From time to time, we have incurred fines for violations of various health and safety standards. While we maintain insurance and have in place policies to minimize such risks, we may nevertheless be unable to avoid material liabilities for any injury or death that may occur in the future. These types of incidents may not be covered by or may exceed our insurance coverage and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition or result in negative publicity and/or significant reputational harm. 
 
 We are subject to privacy and data security/protection laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate and may be exposed to substantial costs and liabilities associated with such laws and regulations. 
 
 The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements as well as significant fines for non-compliance. While Arconic has appropriate processes and procedures in place regarding compliance with existing data protection regulations in other countries, such as the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, the California Privacy Rights Act, and China s Personal Information Protection Law, further changes may be necessary to ensure those processes and procedures will be adequate to implement additional state and country specific requirements. Compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the payment of potentially significant fines or penalties in the event of a breach of privacy and information security laws, as well as the negative publicity associated with such a breach, could damage our reputation and adversely impact product demand and customer relationships. 
 
 Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our future profitability. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in both the U.S. and various non-U.S. jurisdictions. Our domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the distribution of income among these different jurisdictions. Changes in applicable domestic or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect our tax expense and profitability. Our tax expense includes estimates of additional tax that may be incurred for tax exposures and reflects various estimates and assumptions. The assumptions include assessments of our future earnings that could impact the valuation of our deferred tax assets. Our future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in our overall profitability, changes in tax legislation and rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the results of tax audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns or related litigation and continuing assessments of our tax exposures. Any failure to comply with all such tax laws or regulations could subject us to liability. 
 
 Corporate tax law changes continue to be analyzed in the U.S. and in many other jurisdictions. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and current U.S. presidential administration have proposed changes that could 
 27 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 adversely impact the taxation of corporations in the U.S. and abroad. Any change to the U.S. corporate tax system could have a substantial impact, positive or negative, on our future effective tax rate, cash tax expenditures, and deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 We have significant debt obligations, and may in the future incur, additional debt obligations that could adversely affect our business and profitability and our ability to meet other obligations. 
 
 On February 7, 2020, we completed an offering for 600 million of 6.125 (fixed rate) Senior Secured Second-Lien Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes ). On May 13, 2020, we completed an offering of 700 million principal amount of 6.0 Senior Secured First-Lien Notes due 2025 (the "2025 Notes"). Also on May 13, 2020, we entered into the ABL Credit Agreement, which provides for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of 800 million, including a letter of credit sub-facility, a swingline loan sub-facility and an accordion feature allowing the Company to request one or more increases to the revolving commitments in an aggregate principal amount up to 350 million. On March 3, 2021, we completed an offering for an additional 300 million principal amount of the 2028 Notes, which were issued under the indenture governing the existing 2028 Notes. We increased the aggregate principal amount of the ABL Credit Agreement in February 2022 to 1.2 billion. We may also incur additional indebtedness in the future, including by drawing under the ABL Credit Facility. 
 
 This significant amount of debt could potentially have important consequences to us and our debt and equity investors, including: 
 requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest payments; 
 making it more difficult to satisfy debt service and other obligations; 
 increasing the risk of a future credit ratings downgrade of our debt, which could increase future debt costs and limit the future availability of debt financing; 
 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow our business; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; 
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors that may not be as highly leveraged with debt; and 
 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds as needed or take advantage of business opportunities as they arise, pay cash dividends or repurchase securities. 
 
 Subject to the restrictions in the indenture governing the 2025 Notes, the indenture governing the 2028 Notes and the ABL Credit Agreement, we, including our subsidiaries, have the ability to incur significant additional indebtedness. Although the terms of the 2025 Notes indenture, the 2028 Notes indenture and the ABL Credit Facility include restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of important exceptions, and indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. Adding new debt to our current debt levels could intensify the related risks that we and our subsidiaries face now or may face in the future. In addition, our actual cash requirements in the future may be greater than expected. Our cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due, and we may not be able to borrow money, sell assets or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance our debt. 
 
 Our indebtedness restricts our current and future operations, which could adversely affect our ability to respond to changes in our business and manage our operations. 
 
 The terms of the 2025 Notes indenture, the 2028 Notes indenture and the ABL Credit Agreement include a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to, among other things: 
 make investments, loans, advances, guarantees and acquisitions; 
 dispose of assets; 
 incur or guarantee additional debt and issue certain disqualified equity interests and preferred stock; 
 make certain restricted payments, including a limit on dividends on equity securities or payments to redeem, repurchase or retire equity securities or other indebtedness; 
 engage in transactions with affiliates; 
 enter into certain restrictive agreements; 
 create liens on assets to secure debt; and 
 consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our or a subsidiary guarantor s assets. 
 28 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

These covenants limit our operational flexibility and could prevent us from taking advantage of business opportunities as they arise, growing our business or competing effectively. In addition, the ABL Credit Facility contains a financial maintenance covenant applicable when the excess availability is less than the greater of (a) 10 of the lesser of (x) the aggregate amount of the commitments under the ABL Credit Facility and (y) the borrowing base and (b) 50.0 million. In such circumstances, we would be required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.00 to 1.00. Our ability to draw under the ABL Credit Facility could be impacted by a number of factors, including but not limited to any impact by disruptions to our operations and financial performance. 
 
 The ABL Credit Facility also provides for springing control over the cash in our deposit accounts constituting ABL priority collateral for the ABL Credit Facility, and such cash management arrangement includes a cash sweep at any time that excess availability under the ABL Credit Facility is less than the greater of (x) 12.5 of the lesser of the borrowing base and the aggregate amount of the commitments under the ABL Credit Facility at such time and (y) 62.5 million for five consecutive business days. Such cash sweep, if in effect, will cause all our available cash in deposit accounts subject to such springing control to be applied to outstanding borrowings under our ABL Credit Facility. If we satisfy the conditions to borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility while any such cash sweep is in effect, we may be able to make additional borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility to satisfy our working capital and other operational needs. If we do not satisfy the conditions to borrowing, we will not be permitted to make additional borrowings under our ABL Credit Facility, and we may not have sufficient cash to satisfy our working capital and other operational needs. 
 
 Our ability to comply with these agreements may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. These covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, merger and acquisition or other opportunities. The breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default under the 2025 Notes indenture, the 2028 Notes indenture or the ABL Credit Agreement. 
 
 Our failure to comply with the agreements relating to our outstanding indebtedness, including as a result of events beyond our control, could result in an event of default that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 If there were an event of default under any of the agreements relating to our outstanding indebtedness, including the 2025 Notes indenture, the 2028 Notes indenture and the ABL Credit Agreement, we may not be able to incur additional indebtedness and the holders of the defaulted indebtedness could cause all amounts outstanding with respect to that indebtedness to be immediately due and payable. We cannot assure you that our assets or cash flow would be sufficient to fully repay our outstanding indebtedness if accelerated upon an event of default, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue to operate as a going concern. Further, if we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure our secured indebtedness, the holders of such indebtedness could proceed against the collateral securing that indebtedness. In addition, any event of default under or declaration of acceleration under one debt instrument also could result in an event of default under one or more of the agreements governing our other indebtedness. 
 
 Risks Related to the Separation 
 
 We have a limited history of operating as an independent company and our historical financial information may not be a reliable indicator of our future results. 
 
 The historical information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for periods prior to the Separation refers to Arconic as operated by and integrated with ParentCo for those periods. Our historical financial information is derived from ParentCo s accounting records and is presented on a standalone basis as if Arconic was independent of ParentCo. Accordingly, the historical information does not necessarily reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company during the periods presented or those that we will achieve in the future primarily as a result of significant changes in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations as a result of operating as a company separate from ParentCo. For additional information about the past financial performance of our business, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

29 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 In connection with the Separation, we and Howmet have agreed to indemnify each other for certain liabilities. If we are required to pay under these indemnities to Howmet, our financial results could be negatively impacted. The Howmet indemnities may not be sufficient to hold us harmless from the full amount of liabilities for which Howmet has been allocated responsibility, and Howmet may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future. 
 
 Pursuant to the separation agreement and certain other agreements between ParentCo and us, each party has agreed to indemnify the other for certain liabilities, in each case for uncapped amounts. Indemnities that we may be required to provide Howmet are not subject to any cap, may be significant and could negatively impact our business. Third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that Howmet has agreed to retain. Any amounts we are required to pay pursuant to these indemnification obligations and other liabilities could require us to divert cash that would otherwise have been used in furtherance of our operating business. Further, the indemnities from Howmet for our benefit may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, and Howmet may not be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. 
 
 Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from Howmet any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Howmet may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that were executed as part of the Separation. 
 
 In connection with the Separation, we and ParentCo have entered into the separation agreement and various other agreements, including a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement, intellectual property license agreements, an agreement relating to the Davenport, Iowa plant, metal supply agreements and real estate and office leases. We will rely on Howmet to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. If Howmet is unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations, we could incur operational difficulties and/or losses. 
 
 If the distribution, together with certain related transactions, does not qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we, as well as Howmet and Howmet's stockholders, could be subject to significant tax liabilities, and, in certain circumstances, we could be required to indemnify Howmet for material taxes and other related amounts pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement. 
 
 It was a condition to the distribution of our common stock to ParentCo stockholders in connect with the Separation that ParentCo receive an opinion of its outside counsel, satisfactory to the ParentCo Board of Directors, regarding the qualification of the distribution, together with certain related transactions, as a reorganization within the meaning of Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. The opinion of counsel was based upon and relied on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings of ParentCo and us, including those relating to the past and future conduct of ParentCo and us. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations, statements or undertakings was, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, or if ParentCo breaches its or we breach any of our respective representations or covenants contained in the separation agreement and certain other agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the opinion of counsel, the opinion of counsel may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized. 
 
 Notwithstanding receipt of the opinion of counsel, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service IRS could determine that the distribution and/or certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or undertakings upon which the opinion of counsel was based are false or have been violated. In addition, the opinion of counsel represented the judgment of such counsel and is not binding on the IRS or any court, and the IRS or a court may disagree with the conclusions in the opinion of counsel. Accordingly, notwithstanding receipt of the opinion of counsel, there is no assurance that the IRS will not assert that the distribution and/or certain related transactions do not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. In the event the IRS were to prevail with such challenge, we, as well as ParentCo and ParentCo s stockholders, could be subject to significant U.S. federal income tax liability. 
 
 If the distribution were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, in general, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, ParentCo would recognize taxable gain as if it had sold the our common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and ParentCo stockholders who received our shares in the distribution would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares. 
 
 30 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Under the tax matters agreement entered into between ParentCo and us in connection with the separation, we generally are required to indemnify Howmet for any taxes resulting from the separation (and any related costs and other damages) to the extent such amounts resulted from (1) an acquisition of all or a portion of our equity securities or assets, whether by merger or otherwise (and regardless of whether we participated in or otherwise facilitated the acquisition), (2) certain of our other actions or failures to act, or (3) any of our representations, covenants or undertakings contained in the separation agreement and certain other agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the opinion of counsel being incorrect or violated. Any such indemnity obligations could be material. In addition, we, Howmet, and the respective subsidiaries may continue to incur certain tax costs in connection with the separation, including non-U.S. tax costs resulting from transactions (including the internal reorganization) in non-U.S. jurisdictions, which may be material. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 We cannot be certain that an active trading market for our common stock will be sustained and our stock price may fluctuate significantly. 
 
 For many reasons, including the risks identified in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the market price of our common stock may be volatile. These factors may result in short-term or long-term negative pressure on the value of our common stock. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 
 sales of a significant number of our shares or other shifts in our investor base; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 
 changes in earnings estimated by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 
 the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; 
 changes to the regulatory and legal environment under which we operate; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in commodities prices; and 
 domestic and worldwide economic conditions. 
 
 Actions of activist shareholders could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Companies across a variety of industries are experiencing an increase in shareholder activism, particularly shareholder proposals regarding ESG and DEI matters. If we are required to respond to shareholder proposals (including the implementation of any proposals), proxy contests or other actions by activist shareholders, we could incur significant expense, disruptions to our operations and diversion of the attention of management and our employees. In addition, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, strategy or leadership created as a consequence of activist shareholder initiatives may result in reputational damage, which could negatively impact relationships with customers, suppliers and strategic partners, impair our ability to attract and retain employees, and cause volatility in our stock price. 
 
 Individual stockholders' percentage of ownership of our common stock may be diluted in the future. 
 
 In the future, individual stockholders' percentage of ownership in our common stock may be diluted because of equity issuances for acquisitions, capital market transactions or otherwise. In addition, from time to time, we grant stock-based awards to our directors, officers and employees. Such awards will have a dilutive effect on the number of our shares outstanding, and therefore on our earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We cannot guarantee the timing, amount or payment of dividends on our common stock. 
 
 The initiation, timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to our stockholders falls within the discretion of our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors decisions regarding the payment of dividends depends on many factors, such as our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, covenants associated with certain of our debt service obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant. For more information, see Part II, Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions could enable us to resist a takeover attempt by a third party and limit the power of our stockholders. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain, and Delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include, among others: 
 31 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

the ability of our remaining directors to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors that do not arise as a result of removal by stockholders; 
 limitations on stockholders ability to call a special stockholder meeting; 
 rules regarding how stockholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at stockholder meetings; and 
 the right of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law (the DGCL ), which could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control that stockholders may favor. Section 203 provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with persons that acquire, more than 15 of the outstanding voting stock of a Delaware corporation may not engage in a business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which that person or any of its affiliates becomes the holder of more than 15 of the corporation s outstanding voting stock. 
 
 We believe these provisions will protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors and by providing our Board of Directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make us immune from takeovers; however, these provisions will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our Board of Directors determines is not in our best interests and our stockholders best interests. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the state courts within the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could discourage lawsuits against us and our directors and officers. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that unless the Board of Directors otherwise determines, the state courts within the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, any action asserting a claim for or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors or officers to us or our stockholders, including a claim alleging the aiding and abetting of such a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors or officers arising under any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws, any action asserting a claim relating to or involving us governed by the internal affairs doctrine, or any action asserting an internal corporate claim as that term is defined in Section 115 of the DGCL. 
 
 To the fullest extent permitted by law, this exclusive forum provision applies to state and federal law claims, including claims under the federal securities laws, including the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), and the Exchange Act, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with claims arising under federal securities laws or otherwise, a court could find the exclusive forum provision contained in the amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable. 
 
 This exclusive forum provision may limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that our stockholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors and officers. Alternatively, if a court were to find this exclusive forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we maintain 20 primary manufacturing facilities, as well as various sales and service facilities, located across North America, Europe, the United Kingdom, and China. Our principal office and corporate center is located at 201 Isabella Street, Suite 400, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212-5858. The Arconic Technology Center which serves as the 
 32 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 headquarters for our research and development efforts is located at 100 Technical Drive, New Kensington, Pennsylvania 15069-0001. 
 
 Arconic believes that its facilities are suitable and adequate for its operations. Although no title examination of properties owned by Arconic has been made for the purpose of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company knows of no material defects in title to any such properties. Arconic leases some of its facilities as provided in Part 1. Item 1. "Business Description of the Business Rolled Products Principal Facilities," " Building and Construction Systems Principal Facilities" and " Extrusions Principal Facilities." See Note B and Note P to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 
 Arconic has active plants and holdings in each of its segments. See Part I. Item 1. "Business Description of the Business Rolled Products Principal Facilities," " Building and Construction Systems Principal Facilities" and " Extrusions Principal Facilities." 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 The information set forth in Note T to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" under the caption Contingencies and Commitments - Contingencies is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol ARNC. 
 As of February 17, 2023 , there were approximately 8 ,700 holders of record of shares of the Company's common stock. Because many of Arconic s shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, the Company is unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these recordholders. 
 Arconic did not declare or pay any dividends from April 1, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The timing, declaration, amount of, and payment of any dividends is within the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and depends upon many factors, including Arconic s financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of Arconic s operating subsidiaries, covenants associated with certain of Arconic s debt service obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, ability to access capital markets, and other factors deemed relevant by the Company s Board of Directors. Moreover, if Arconic determines to pay any dividends in the future, there can be no assurance that Arconic will continue to pay such dividends or the amount of such dividends. 

33 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the performance of the Company s common stock from market close on April 1, 2020 (beginning of regular way trading) to December 31, 2022 with (1) the Standard Poor s (S P) 500 Index, and (2) the S P 1000 Materials Index, a group of 59 companies categorized by S P as active in the materials market sector. The graph assumes, in each case, an initial investment of 100 on April 1, 2020, and the reinvestment of dividends, as applicable. The graph, table and related information shall not be deemed to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into future filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. 
 
 CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Based on an initial investment of 100 on 
 April 1, 2020 with dividends reinvested, as applicable 

Source: S P Capital IQ 
 April 1, 2020 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Arconic Corporation 
 100.00 430.64 477.02 305.78 S P 500 Index 
 100.00 
 152.04 
 192.92 155.41 S P 1000 Materials Index 
 100.00 
 175.00 
 222.10 210.92 

34 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs October 1 - October 31, 2022 November 1 - November 30, 2022 468,979 21.59 468,979 190,000,000 December 1 - December 31, 2022 1,602,856 22.56 1,602,856 154,000,000 Total for quarter ended December 31, 2022 2,071,835 2,071,835 
 ________________ 
 On November 16, 2022, Arconic announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 200 million of common stock for a two-year period expiring November 17, 2024. Repurchases under the program may be made from time to time, as the Company deems appropriate, based on a variety of factors such as price, capital position, liquidity, financial performance, alternative uses of capital, and overall market conditions. There can be no assurance as to the number of shares the Company will purchase, if any. The share repurchase program may be increased or otherwise modified, renewed, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, without prior notice. In connection with the establishment of this share repurchase program, the prior 300 million repurchase program, which the Company completed in August 2022, was terminated. This program is intended to comply with Rule 10b5-1 and all purchases shall be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, including without limitation the timing, price, and volume restrictions thereof. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved. 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 (dollars in millions, except per-share amounts and per-metric ton amounts; shipments in thousands of metric tons (kmt)) 
 
 Overview 
 Our Business 
 Arconic Corporation Arconic or the Company is a manufacturer of fabricated aluminum products, including sheet and plate, extrusions, and architectural products and systems, with a primary focus on the ground transportation, aerospace, building and construction, industrial products, and packaging end markets. The Company has 20 primary operating locations in 7 countries around the world, situated in the United States, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hungary, and the United Kingdom. Arconic s previous operations in Russia were divested in November 2022 (see Rolled Products within Segment Information under Results of Operations below). 
 Management Review of 2022 and Outlook for the Future 
 Arconic had strong sales growth in 2022 resulting primarily from completion of our re-entry into the North American packaging end market and continued recovery in the aerospace end market, while we navigated challenges associated with our facility in Russia that was ultimately divested in November 2022 and the operational challenges and production outages experienced at the North American rolling mills in the second half of the year. We implemented actions to help offset inflation in alloying materials, energy prices and freight costs through increased pricing. We returned capital to shareholders as we repurchased 185 of shares of the Company s common stock and continued to progress high-return, low-risk organic capital projects in the Rolled Products segment that are expected to drive future EBITDA growth starting in 2023. 
 In 2022, Sales of 8,961 rose 19 from 2021, reflecting higher aluminum prices and favorable product pricing and mix that drove double digit increases in all of our end markets. The Company recorded a net loss of 182, or 1.75 per share, compared to a net loss of 397, or 3.65 per share, in 2021. The 2022 results included a pre-tax charge of 306 304 after-tax) for the loss on sale of the Russian operations and a pre-tax charge of 92 70 after-tax) for the impairment of long-lived assets in the Extrusions segment. 
 We ended the year with a cash balance of 261, and total liquidity of 1,450 (comprised of Cash and cash equivalents of 261 and undrawn availability of 1,189 under the Company s ABL Credit Agreement). 
 35 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 As we look forward to 2023, we anticipate continued growth in packaging volumes and ongoing recovery in the aerospace end-market. Growth in North America is also expected to continue in the ground transportation and building and construction end markets and is anticipated to occur in the industrial products end market, while these end markets in Europe are anticipated to improve later in the year. Based on current internal and external projections of build rates and leading indicators in the markets we serve, our expectations for sales by major end market, excluding the impact of changes in aluminum prices, in 2023 follow. For the ground transportation end market, we expect sales to be relatively flat to an increase of approximately 5 in 2023 compared with 2022, driven by continued strength in North American automotive, offset partly by weakness in European commercial transportation and automotive. For the industrial products end market, we anticipate sales to be relatively flat to an increase of approximately 10 in 2023 compared with 2022, driven by improved operations in North America, as production outages that reduced output in 2022 have been addressed and the Company s rolling mills work through backlog, while European recovery is anticipated in the second half of the year. For the building and construction end market, we anticipate sales to be relatively flat to an increase of approximately 5 in 2023 compared with 2022, as North American non-residential spend is expected to continue driving growth while the current European weakness is expected to improve later in the year. For the packaging end market, we expect sales to increase by approximately 5 to 10 in 2023 compared with 2022, as incremental North American can sheet production is expected to drive growth. For the aerospace end market, we expect sales to grow by approximately 25 to 30 in 2023 compared with 2022, as the market continues to recover, driven by increased aircraft build rates and consumer air travel. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The discussion and analysis that follows includes a comparison of Arconic s results of operations between the 2022 and 2021 annual periods for both the total company and each reportable segment. Please refer to the Results of Operations section included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (filed on February 22, 2022) for a discussion and analysis of Arconic s results of operations between the 2021 and 2020 annual periods for both the total company and each reportable segment. 
 Earnings Summary 
 Sales. Sales were 8,961 in 2022 compared to 7,504 in 2021, an increase of 1,457, or 19 . The increase was principally due to favorable impacts from higher aluminum prices, aluminum hedging activities, product pricing, and product mix, all of which were partially offset by the sale of the Company s Russian operations and unfavorable foreign currency movements driven by a weaker euro. 
 In March 2021, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with a customer related to the terms of an existing long-term contract. As a result, the customer agreed to pay Arconic 18, which was recognized over the applicable three-year period. Accordingly, the Company s sales in 2022 and 2021 included 6 and 12, respectively, associated with this settlement. 
 Cost of Goods Sold. COGS was 8,032 in 2022 compared to 6,573 in 2021, an increase of 1,459, or 22 . COGS as a percentage of Sales was 89.6 in 2022 compared to 87.6 in 2021. This percentage was negatively impacted by higher costs for direct materials, including alloying materials, energy, and transportation; operational issues and production outages affecting the Rolled Products segment; higher aluminum prices (underlying metal price is contractually passed-through to most customers at cost); an unfavorable impact related to environmental remediation matters (change of 39); and the sale of the Company s Russian operations. These negative impacts were partially offset by favorable product pricing driven by pricing pressures as a result of inflation. 
 Additionally, on May 14, 2022, the Company and the United Steelworkers reached a tentative four-year labor agreement covering approximately 3,300 employees at four U.S. locations; the previous labor agreement expired on May 15, 2022. The tentative agreement was ratified by the union employees on June 1, 2022. In 2022, Arconic recognized 19 in Cost of goods sold primarily for a one-time signing bonus for the covered employees. 
 In the 2022 fourth quarter, Arconic recorded both a 61 charge and a 53 benefit in Cost of goods sold to establish a liability for a potential settlement and a receivable for anticipated insurance reimbursement, respectively, related to a litigation matter. See the Reynobond PE matter in the Litigation section of Note T to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Selling, General Administrative, and Other Expenses. SG A expenses were 246, or 2.7 of Sales, in 2022 compared to 247, or 3.3 of Sales, in 2021. The decrease of 1 was largely attributable to a benefit for an expected insurance reimbursement for legal fees related to a litigation matter and a reduction in stock-based compensation expense including the reversal of expense previously recognized in 2021 related to the performance condition portion of the 2021 performance stock units 4), partially offset by higher labor costs, selling commission expense, and consulting fees. 
 36 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Research and Development Expenses. R D expenses were 37 in 2022 compared to 34 in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by increased costs for contracted services and utilities as a result of inflation. 
 Provision for Depreciation and Amortization. The provision for depreciation and amortization was 237 in 2022 compared to 253 in 2021. The decrease of 16 was mainly caused by the absence of depreciation resulting from an impairment charge on Properties, plants and equipment in the Extrusions segment taken in the 2022 third quarter (See Extrusions in Segment Information below), the sale of the Company s operations in Russia on November 15, 2022 (See Rolled Products in Segment Information below), and asset retirements. 
 Impairment of Goodwill. In 2022, after completing its annual review of goodwill for impairment, management determined there was no goodwill impairment for any of the Company's reporting units. In 2021, the Company recognized a charge of 65 in connection with its annual review of goodwill for impairment related to the Extrusions reporting unit. In accordance with Arconic s accounting policy, this review is performed in the fourth quarter each calendar year. Accordingly, this charge was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2021. See Goodwill in Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates below for additional information. 
 Restructuring and Other Charges. In 2022 and 2021, Restructuring and other charges were comprised of a net charge of 456 and 624, respectively. See Note E to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense was 104 in 2022 compared to 100 in 2021. The increase of 4, or 4 , was primarily due to 87 in weighted-average borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility in 2022 (no borrowings occurred in 2021) and a 300 debt offering completed in March 2021, somewhat offset by higher capitalized interest. See Financing Activities under Liquidity and Capital Resources below for additional information related to these financing transactions. 
 Other Expenses, Net. Other expenses, net was 41 in 2022 compared to 67 in 2021. See Note G to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 (Benefit) Provision for Income Taxes. The Company s effective tax rate, including discrete items, was 5.7 (benefit on a loss) in 2022 and 13.5 (benefit on a loss) in 2021. See Note I to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a reconciliation of the effective tax rate for each of these years to the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 . 
 Segment Information 
 Arconic s operations consist of three reportable segments: Rolled Products, Building and Construction Systems, and Extrusions. Segment performance under the Company s management reporting system is evaluated based on several factors; however, the primary measure of performance is Segment Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization). 
 The Company calculates Segment Adjusted EBITDA as Total sales (third-party and intersegment) minus each of (i) Cost of goods sold, (ii) Selling, general administrative, and other expenses, and (iii) and Research and development expenses, plus each of (i) Stock-based compensation expense, (ii) Metal price lag, and (iii) Unrealized (gains) losses on mark-to-market hedging instruments and derivatives (see below). Arconic s Segment Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies reportable segments. 
 Effective in the first quarter of 2022, management modified the Company's definition of Segment Adjusted EBITDA to exclude the impact of unrealized gains and losses on mark-to-market hedging instruments and derivatives. This modification was deemed appropriate as Arconic is considering entering into additional hedging instruments in future reporting periods if favorable conditions exist to mitigate cost inflation. Certain of these instruments may not qualify for hedge accounting resulting in unrealized gains and losses being recorded directly to Sales or Cost of goods sold, as appropriate (i.e., mark-to-market). Additionally, this change was also applied to derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting for consistency purposes. The Company does not have a regular practice of entering into contracts that are treated as derivatives for accounting purposes. Ultimately, this change was made to maintain the transparency and visibility of the underlying operating performance of Arconic's reportable segments. Prior to this change, the Company had a limited number of hedging instruments and derivatives that did not qualify for hedge accounting, the unrealized impact of which was not material to Arconic's Segment Adjusted EBITDA performance measure. Accordingly, prior period information presented was not recast to reflect this change. 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA for all reportable segments totaled 729 in 2022, 757 in 2021, and 648 in 2020. The following information provides Sales and Segment Adjusted EBITDA for each reportable segment for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022. See Note D to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 37 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Rolled Products 
 2022 2021 2020 Third-party sales 7,313 6,187 4,335 Intersegment sales 44 33 19 Total sales 7,357 6,220 4,354 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 581 655 527 Third-party aluminum shipments (kmt) 1,372 1,404 1,179 
 Overview. The Rolled Products segment produces aluminum sheet and plate for a variety of end markets. Sheet and plate are sold directly to customers and through distributors related to the aerospace, ground transportation, packaging, building and construction, and industrial products (mainly used in the production of machinery and equipment and consumer durables) end markets. While the customer base for flat-rolled products is large, a significant amount of sales of sheet and plate is to a relatively small number of customers. Prices for these products are generally based on the price of metal plus a premium for adding value to the aluminum to produce a semi-finished product, resulting in a business model in which the underlying price of metal is contractually passed-through to customers. Generally, the sales and costs and expenses of this segment are transacted in the local currency of the respective operations, which are the U.S. dollar and, to a lesser extent, each of the following: the Russian ruble (see below), the Chinese yuan, the euro, and the British pound. 
 On November 15, 2022 , the Company completed the sale o f all o f its operations in Russia to Promishlennie Investitsii LLC, the majority owner of VSMPO-AVISMA Corporation. Arconic s former operations in Russia were comprised of one principal location in Samara, which manufactured sheet, plate, extrusions, and forgings across all of the Company s end markets. The Samara facility generated third-party sales of 903, 968, and 705, in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and, at the time of divestiture, had approximately 2,900 employees. See Note S to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Sales. Third-party sales for the Rolled Products segment increased 1,126, or 18 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The improvement was largely attributable to higher aluminum prices (see below), price increases for the pass-through of certain inflation impacts, favorable product mix, and favorable impacts from aluminum hedging activities partially offset by the divestiture of the Company s Russian operations, unfavorable foreign currency movements due to a weaker euro, and a net decrease in volumes (see below). 
 The higher aluminum prices were mostly driven by a 9 rise in the average LME aluminum price and increases in regional premiums, including a 13 improvement in the average Midwest premium (United States). 
 The net decrease in volumes was negatively impacted by the absence of shipments from November 15, 2022 through December 31, 2022 due to the sale of this segment s former operations in Russia (see Overview above). Otherwise, the overall net volume for this segment slightly increased in 2022 compared to 2021, largely driven by improvements in the packaging, aerospace, and automotive component of ground transportation end markets. Volume related to the packaging end market increased significantly as the can sheet operation at the Tennessee rolling mill essentially reached full capacity by the end of the 2022 second quarter. Higher volume associated with the aerospace end market was driven by continued recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. An improvement in volume for the automotive component of ground transportation was due to slow recovery from the global semiconductor chip shortage. These higher volumes were mostly offset by declines in the industrial products, building and construction, and the commercial transportation component of ground transportation end markets, which were impacted by supply chain disruptions. Additionally, the Rolled Products segment experienced operational challenges and production outages associated with electrical and mechanical issues at the Tennessee and Lancaster rolling mills and disruptions in both the Tennessee and Davenport casting operations. 
 In March 2021, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with a customer related to the terms of an existing long-term contract. As a result, the customer agreed to pay Arconic 18, which was recognized over the applicable three-year period. Accordingly, in 2022 and 2021, Rolled Products sales included 6 and 12, respectively, associated with this settlement. 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA. Segment Adjusted EBITDA for the Rolled Products segment decreased 74, or 11 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The decline was primarily due to higher costs for alloying materials, energy, transportation, and maintenance all due to inflation, increased expenses for labor as this segment increases its workforce to address current and future volume growth, the impact of the previously mentioned operational challenges and production outages, and the divestiture of the Company s Russian operations. These higher costs were partially offset by customer price increases due to adjustments for inflation impacts and a benefit derived from the absence of below normal absorption of fixed costs that occurred in the 2021 first quarter. 
 38 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Building and Construction Systems 
 2022 2021 2020 Third-party sales 1,245 1,011 963 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 195 130 137 
 Overview. The Building and Construction Systems segment manufactures products that are used primarily in the non-residential building and construction end market. These products include integrated aluminum architectural systems and architectural extrusions, which are sold directly to customers and through distributors. A limited amount of this segment s product sales is directly impacted by metal pricing, which is a pass-through to the related customers. Generally, the sales and costs and expenses of this segment are transacted in the local currency of the respective operations, which are the U.S. dollar and, to a lesser extent, each of the following: the euro, the British pound, and Canadian dollar. 
 The Company is evaluating strategic options for the businesses that comprise the Building and Construction Systems segment. See Note S to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Sales. Third-party sales for the Building and Construction Systems segment increased 234, or 23 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The improvement was mostly due to multiple product price increases implemented since March 2021 across the entire portfolio to address inflationary cost pressures. Additionally, a positive impact from higher aluminum prices was virtually offset by a negative impact from unfavorable foreign currency movements due to a weaker euro. 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA. Segment Adjusted EBITDA for the Building and Construction Systems segment increased 65, or 50 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The improvement was principally driven by favorable product pricing, partially offset by higher costs for aluminum, alloying materials, maintenance, and transportation, all due to inflation. 
 Extrusions 
 2022 2021 2020 Third-party sales 409 306 381 Segment Adjusted EBITDA (47) (28) (16) Third-party aluminum shipments (kmt) 38 35 40 
 Overview. The Extrusions segment produces a range of extruded and machined parts for the aerospace, ground transportation, and industrial products end markets. These products are sold directly to customers and through distributors. Prices for these products are generally based on the price of metal plus a premium for adding value to the aluminum to produce a semi-finished product, resulting in a business model in which the underlying price of metal is contractually passed-through to customers. Generally, the sales and costs and expenses of this segment are transacted in the local currency of the respective operations, which are the U.S. dollar and, to a lesser extent, the euro. 
 In the 2022 third quarter, management initiated a business review of the Extrusions segment aimed at identifying alternatives to improve the financial performance of this segment in future periods. Management continues to assess alternatives and no decisions or commitments were made as of December 31, 2022. In connection with this review, the Company updated its five-year strategic plan, the results of which indicated that there is an expected decline in the forecasted financial performance for the Extrusions segment (and asset group), including continued forecasted losses. As such, management evaluated the recoverability of the long-lived assets of the Extrusions asset group by comparing the aggregate carrying value to the undiscounted future cash flows. The result of this evaluation was that the long-lived assets were deemed to be impaired as the aggregate carrying value exceeded the undiscounted future cash flows. The impairment charge was measured as the difference between the aggregate carrying value and aggregate fair value of the long-lived assets. Fair value was determined using an orderly liquidation methodology for the machinery and equipment and a sales comparison approach for the land and structures. Significant judgments and assumptions were applied in estimating the fair value of the long-lived assets, including the use of market-based information specific to the machinery and equipment and information from recent sales or current listings of comparable properties for the land and structures. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 92, composed of 90 for Properties, plants, and equipment and 2 for intangible assets (included within Other noncurrent assets), in Restructuring and other charges on the Company's Statement of Consolidated Operations. See Note E to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 In the 2021 first quarter, management approved the idling of the casthouse at the Lafayette (Indiana) plant. Additionally, in the 2021 second quarter, management approved the idling of the remaining operations (primarily small presses) at the Chandler 
 39 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (Arizona) plant. These actions were deemed necessary to address the then-depressed demand related to the aerospace end market and identified operational inefficiencies in the Extrusions portfolio. The Lafayette casthouse action is near completion. Ultimately, the casthouse function will be fully outsourced to third-party vendors. The Chandler action was completed in the 2021 third quarter. The commercial operations related to Chandler were integrated into Lafayette for the foreseeable future. In 2021, the Company incurred certain charges related to these decisions such as inventory write-downs, severance costs, and customer qualification costs. These items were not material, individually or in the aggregate, and were reported in Corporate (i.e., not included in Extrusion s Segment Adjusted EBITDA). The Company may temporarily restart one or more of the presses at Chandler over short periods of time to address customer demand requirements. 
 Sales. Third-party sales for the Extrusions segment increased 103, or 34 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The improvement was largely attributable to favorable product mix, primarily due to higher volumes for aerospace; price increases due to adjustments for inflation impacts and higher aluminum prices; and a net increase in volumes, mostly driven by aerospace due to the lessened impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA. Segment Adjusted EBITDA for the Extrusions segment decreased 19, or 68 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The decline was mostly related to higher costs for aluminum, maintenance, energy, transportation, and outside services . The higher costs were the result of both increased pricing due to inflation and usage due to operational issues. These negative impacts were mostly offset by customer price increases due to adjustments for inflation impacts. Overall, operational issues are driving underperformance in this segment. 
 Reconciliation of Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA to Consolidated Net Loss Attributable to Arconic Corporation 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 729 757 648 Unallocated amounts: Corporate expenses (1) 
 (29) (33) (24) Stock-based compensation expense (15) (22) (23) Metal price lag (2) 
 17 (16) (27) Unrealized gains on mark-to-market hedging instruments and derivatives 
 6 Provision for depreciation and amortization (237) (253) (251) Impairment of goodwill 
 (65) Restructuring and other charges (3),(4) 
 (456) (624) (188) Other (5) 
 (62) (36) (55) Operating (loss) income 
 (47) (292) 80 Interest expense (104) (100) (118) Other expenses, net 
 (41) (67) (70) Benefit (Provision) for income taxes 
 11 62 (1) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest (1) Consolidated net loss attributable to Arconic (1) 
 (182) (397) (109) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Corporate expenses are composed of general administrative and other expenses of operating the corporate headquarters and other global administrative facilities. The amounts presented for all periods prior to second quarter 2020 include an allocation of ParentCo s corporate expenses, including research and development expenses, for the portion of the period prior to the Separation Date. 
 (2) Metal price lag represents the financial impact of the timing difference between when aluminum prices included in Sales are recognized and when aluminum purchase prices included in Cost of goods sold are realized. This adjustment aims to remove the effect of the volatility in metal prices and the calculation of this impact considers applicable metal hedging transactions. 
 (3) In 2022, Restructuring and other charges includes a loss of 306 related to the sale of the Company s operations in Russia and a 92 asset impairment charge related to the Extrusions segment. See Note E to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 (4) In 2022, 2021, and 2020, Restructuring and other charges includes a 47, 584, and 199, respectively, charge for the settlement of certain employee retirement benefits virtually all of which were within the United States and the United 
 40 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Kingdom. See Note H to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 (5) Other includes certain items that impact Cost of goods sold and Selling, general administrative, and other expenses on the Company s Statement of Consolidated Operations that are not included in Segment Adjusted EBITDA. In 2022, Other includes costs related to environmental remediation charges of 27 (see Environmental Matters in Note T to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information) and costs related to the new labor agreement of 19 (see Note H to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information). These charges were recorded in Costs of goods sold on Arconic s Statement of Consolidated Operations. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 See the Environmental Matters section of Note T to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Arconic s primary future cash needs are centered on operating activities, including working capital, as well as recurring and strategic capital expenditures. The Company s ability to fund its cash needs depends on its ongoing ability to generate and raise cash in the future. Although management believes that Arconic s future cash from operations, together with the Company s access to capital markets, will provide adequate resources to fund Arconic s operating and investing needs, the Company s access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms in the future will be affected by many factors, including: (i) Arconic s credit rating; (ii) the liquidity of the overall capital markets; and (iii) the current state of the economy. There can be no assurances that the Company will continue to have access to capital markets on terms acceptable to Arconic. 
 Cash provided from operations and financing activities is expected to be adequate to cover the Company s operational and business needs over the next 12 months. For an analysis of long-term liquidity, see Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements below. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s Cash and cash equivalents were 261, of which 110 was held outside the United States. Arconic has a number of commitments and obligations related to the Company s operations in various foreign jurisdictions, resulting in the need for cash outside the United States. Management continuously evaluates the Company s local and global cash needs for future business operations, which may influence future repatriation decisions. 
 The discussion and analysis that follows includes a comparison of Arconic s cash flows between the 2022 and 2021 annual periods. Please refer to the Liquidity and Capital Resources section included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (filed on February 22, 2022) for a discussion and analysis of Arconic s cash flows between the 2021 and 2020 annual periods. 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash provided from operations was 338 in 2022 compared with cash used for operations of 407 in 2021. 
 In 2022, cash provided from operations was mostly comprised of a positive add-back for non-cash transactions in earnings of 753, partially offset by an unfavorable change in working capital of 222 and a net loss of 181. The change in working capital was largely driven by inventory build due to operational disruptions at the Company s North American rolling facilities. 
 In 2021, cash used for operations was comprised of an unfavorable change in working capital of 505, pension contributions of 458 (see below), and a net loss of 397, partially offset by a positive add-back for non-cash transactions in earnings of 953. The impact in working capital was largely driven by higher volumes and higher aluminum prices due to an increase in both the average LME price and regional premiums. 
 In January 2021, the Company contributed a total of 200 to its two funded U.S. defined benefit pension plans, comprised of the estimated minimum required funding for 2021 of 183 and an additional 17. Additionally, in April 2021, the Company contributed a total of 250 to its two funded U.S. defined benefit pension plans to maintain the funding level of the remaining plan obligations not transferred under a group annuity contract (see U.S. Pension Plan Annuitizations in Note H to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information). This contribution was funded with the net proceeds from a March 2021 debt offering (see 2021 Debt Activity in Financing Activities below). 
 41 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 In addition, in 2022 and 2021, the Company received 6 and 12, respectively, related to a settlement agreement reached with a customer in March 2021. See Sales under Results of Operations above for additional information. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used for financing activities was 196 in 2022 compared with cash provided from financing activities of 135 in 2021. The use of cash in 2022 was mostly due to 185 for the repurchase of 6,935,507 shares of the Company s common stock (see Share Repurchase Programs below). In 2021, the source of cash was due to 314 in net proceeds from the issuance of new indebtedness (see 2021 Debt Activity below), somewhat offset by 161 for the repurchase of 4,912,505 shares of the Company's common stock (see Share Repurchase Programs below). 
 2022 Activity On February 16, 2022, the Company amended its five-year credit agreement, dated May 13, 2020, with a syndicate of lenders named therein and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch as administrative agent (the ABL Credit Agreement which provides for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the ABL Credit Facility to be used, generally, for working capital or other general corporate purposes. The ABL Credit Agreement was amended to increase the revolving commitments under the ABL Credit Facility to 1,200 from 800. Additionally, the accordion feature of the ABL Credit Facility was revised to provide for the Company to request a further increase to the revolving commitments in an aggregate principal amount equal to the greater of 350 and the excess of the borrowing base over the ABL Credit Facility commitments. Furthermore, the LIBOR-based floating interest rate was replaced with a term SOFR-based interest rate, plus a credit spread adjustment equal to 0.10 , 0.15 , or 0.25 per annum for SOFR-based borrowings with interest periods of one month, three months, or six months, respectively, under the ABL Credit Facility. Arconic paid 1 in upfront costs associated with these amendments. 
 In 2022, the Company borrowed 275 and repaid 275 under the ABL Credit Facility. These borrowings were designated as SOFR loans with either an initial one-month or three-month interest period. In 2022, the weighted-average interest rate and weighted-average days outstanding of the borrowings was 4.3 and 90 days, respectively. 
 2021 Debt Activity On March 3, 2021, the Company completed a Rule 144A (U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended) debt offering for an additional 300 aggregate principal amount of 6.125 Senior Secured Second-Lien Notes due 2028 (the Additional 2028 Notes ). The Additional 2028 Notes were issued under the indenture governing Arconic s existing 6.125 Senior Secured Second-Lien Notes due 2028. Other than with respect to the date of issuance and issue price, the Additional 2028 Notes are treated as a single series with and have the same terms as the referenced existing notes. The Additional 2028 Notes were sold at 106.25 of par (i.e., a premium) and, after reflecting a discount to the initial purchasers of the Additional 2028 Notes, the Company received 315 in net proceeds from the debt offering. Arconic used the net proceeds of this issuance to fund an annuitization of certain U.S. defined benefit pension plan obligations (see Note H to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information). The premium 19) and costs to complete the financing 5) were deferred and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Additional 2028 Notes. The amortization of the premium is reflected as a reduction to interest expense and the amortization of the costs to complete the financing is reflected as an addition to interest expense. Interest on the Additional 2028 Notes is paid semi-annually in February and August, and commenced August 15, 2021. 
 Descriptions of the 2028 Notes, 2025 Notes, and ABL Credit Agreement are set forth in Note Q to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Share Repurchase Programs On May 4, 2021, Arconic announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock up to an aggregate transactional value of 300 over a two-year period expiring April 28, 2023. In 2022 and 2021, Arconic repurchased 4,863,672 and 4,912,505 shares, respectively, of the Company's common stock for 139 and 161, respectively, resulting in the completion of the total authorization under this program in August 2022. In connection with the establishment of a new repurchase program (see below), this repurchase program was terminated. 
 On November 16, 2022, Arconic announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock up to an aggregate transactional value of 200 over a two-year period expiring November 17, 2024. In 2022, Arconic repurchased 2,071,835 shares of the Company's common stock for 46 under this program. See Note K to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Ratings Arconic s cost of borrowing and ability to access the capital markets are affected not only by market conditions but also by the ratings assigned to Arconic and its debt by the major credit rating agencies. As of December 31, 2022, the following are the most recent ratings for Arconic and its outstanding debt. 
 42 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Moody s Investor Service (Moody s) has assigned a Ba3 rating to both the Company and the 2028 Notes and a Ba1 rating to the 2025 Notes. Additionally, Moody's has given these ratings a stable outlook. 
 Standard and Poor s Global Ratings (S P) has assigned a BB rating to the Company, a B+ rating to the 2028 Notes, and a BB+ rating to the 2025 Notes. Additionally, S P has given these ratings a stable outlook. 
 Fitch Ratings (Fitch) has assigned a BB+ rating to both the Company and the 2028 Notes and a BBB- rating to both the 2025 Notes and the ABL Credit Facility. On September 9, 2022, Fitch revised the rating outlook from stable to positive. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used for investing activities was 214 in 2022 compared with 181 in 2021. 
 The use of cash in 2022 reflects capital expenditures of 245, more than half of which was attributable to sustaining spend at the U.S. rolling mills and the remaining amount due to growth spend at the Davenport and Lancaster mills, slightly offset by 27 in net proceeds from the sale of the Company s operations in Russia (see Note S to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K). 
 The use of cash in 2021 reflects capital expenditures of 184, more than half of which was attributable to sustaining spend at the U.S. rolling mills. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Contractual Obligations. Arconic is required to make future payments under various contracts, including long-term purchase obligations, lease agreements, and financing arrangements. The Company also has commitments to make contributions to its funded pension plans, provide payments for pension (unfunded) and other postretirement benefit plans, and fund capital projects. As of December 31, 2022, a summary of Arconic s outstanding contractual obligations is as follows (these contractual obligations are grouped in the same manner as they are classified in the Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows in order to provide a better understanding of the nature of the obligations and to provide a basis for comparison to historical information): 
 Total 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 Thereafter Operating activities: Raw material purchase obligations 966 880 86 Energy-related purchase obligations 83 15 29 22 17 Other purchase obligations 37 14 10 6 7 Operating leases 137 40 55 23 19 Interest related to debt 408 97 173 110 28 Pension contributions - funded plans 367 38 148 181 Pension benefit payments - unfunded plans 71 7 14 14 36 Other postretirement benefit payments 261 27 54 53 127 Layoff and other restructuring payments 1 1 Uncertain tax positions Financing activities: Debt 1,600 700 900 Dividends to stockholders Investing activities: Capital projects 208 154 51 3 Totals 4,139 1,273 1,320 412 1,134 
 _____________________ 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company entered into additional aluminum supply contracts totaling approximately 765, of which approximately 375, 195, and 195 is expected to be purchased in 2023, 2024, and 2025, respectively. Additionally, through February 20, 2023, Arconic is currently negotiating terms for further aluminum supply contracts totaling approximately 2,580. 
 43 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Obligations for Operating Activities 
 Raw material purchase obligations consist mostly of aluminum with expiration dates ranging from less than one year to two years. Energy-related purchase obligations consist primarily of electricity and natural gas contracts with expiration dates ranging from one year to five years. Many of these purchase obligations contain variable pricing components, and, as a result, actual cash payments may differ from the estimates provided in the preceding table. 
 Operating leases represent multi-year obligations for certain land and buildings, plant equipment, vehicles, and computer equipment. 
 Interest related to debt is based on stated interest rates on debt with maturities that extend to 2028 (see the 2022 Debt Activity and 2021 Debt Activity sections of Financing Activities under Liquidity and Capital Resources above). 
 Pension contributions (funded plans) and pension (unfunded plans) and other postretirement benefit payments are based on actuarial estimates using current assumptions for, among others, discount rates, long-term rate of return on plan assets, rate of compensation increases, and/or health care cost trend rates. It is Arconic s policy to contribute amounts to funded pension plans sufficient to meet the minimum requirements set forth in applicable country employee benefit and tax regulations, including ERISA for U.S. plans. Management has determined that it is not practicable to present pension contributions (funded plans) and both pension (unfunded plans) and other postretirement benefit payments beyond 2027 and 2032, respectively. 
 Layoff and other restructuring payments primarily relate to severance costs. 
 Uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on an income tax return may result in additional payments to tax authorities. As of December 31, 2022, there was no balance of uncertain tax positions and as such, no related interest and penalties were accrued. If a tax authority agrees with the tax position taken or expected to be taken or the applicable statute of limitations expires, then additional payments will not be necessary. 
 Obligations for Financing Activities 
 The debt amount in the preceding table represents the principal amounts of all outstanding long-term debt, which have maturities that extend to 2028 (see the 2022 Debt Activity and 2021 Debt Activity sections of Financing Activities under Liquidity and Capital Resources above). 
 As of December 31, 2022, Arconic had 99,432,194 outstanding shares of common stock. Dividends on common stock are subject to authorization by the Company s Board of Directors. Arconic did not declare or pay any dividends from the Separation Date through December 31, 2022. 
 On November 16, 2022, Arconic announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock up to an aggregate transactional value of 200, depending on cash availability, market conditions, and other factors. This program has a predetermined expiration date of November 17, 2024; however, the Company is under no contractual obligation to make such repurchases. Accordingly, amounts have not been included in the preceding table. In 2022, the Company repurchased 2,071,835 shares of its common stock for 46 under this program. See the Common Stock section of Note K to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Obligations for Investing Activities 
 Capital projects in the preceding table only include amounts approved by management as of December 31, 2022. Funding levels may vary in future years based on anticipated construction schedules of the projects. It is expected that significant expansion projects will be funded through various sources, including cash provided from operations. Total capital expenditures are anticipated to be approximately 275 in 2023. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. Arconic Corporation has outstanding bank guarantees, letters of credit, and surety bonds related to outstanding responsibilities and obligations. See the Commitments section of Note T to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of Arconic s Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make certain estimates based on judgments and assumptions regarding uncertainties that may affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and disclosed in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Areas that require such estimates include the review of properties, plants, and 
 44 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 equipment and goodwill for impairment, and accounting for each of the following: environmental and litigation matters; pension and other postretirement employee benefit obligations; stock-based compensation; and income taxes. 
 Management uses historical experience and all available information to make these estimates, and actual results may differ from those used to prepare the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements at any given time. Despite these inherent limitations, management believes that Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, provide a meaningful and fair representation of the Company. 
 A summary of Arconic s significant accounting policies is included in Note B to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Management believes that the application of these policies on a consistent basis enables the Company to provide the users of the Consolidated Financial Statements with useful and reliable information about Arconic s operating results and financial condition. 
 Prior to the Separation Date, the Company did not operate as a separate, standalone entity. Arconic s operations were included in ParentCo s financial results. Accordingly, in all periods prior to the Separation Date, the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared from ParentCo s historical accounting records and were presented on a standalone basis as if the Arconic Corporation Businesses had been conducted independently from ParentCo. Such Consolidated Financial Statements include the historical operations that were considered to comprise the Arconic Corporation Businesses, as well as certain assets and liabilities that were historically held at ParentCo s corporate level but were specifically identifiable or otherwise attributable to the Arconic Corporation Businesses. The Critical Accounting Policies described below reflect any incremental judgments and assumptions made by management in the preparation of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements prior to the Separation Date. 
 Properties, Plants, and Equipment. Properties, plants, and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets is determined by comparing the estimated undiscounted net cash flows of the related operations (asset group) to the carrying value of the associated assets. An impairment loss would be recognized when the carrying value of the assets exceeds the estimated undiscounted net cash flows of the asset group. The amount of the impairment loss to be recorded is calculated as the excess of the carrying value of the assets over their fair value, with fair value determined using the best information available, which generally is a discounted cash flow (DCF) model. In certain circumstances, Arconic may use the services of a third-party to assist with other valuation techniques. The determination of what constitutes an asset group, the associated estimated undiscounted net cash flows, and the estimated useful lives of the assets also require significant judgments. 
 Goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized; it is reviewed for impairment annually (in the fourth quarter) or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist or if a decision is made to sell, exit, or realign a business. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include, among others, deterioration in general economic conditions, negative developments in equity and credit markets, adverse changes in the markets in which an entity operates, increases in input costs that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows, or a trend of negative or declining cash flows over multiple periods. The fair value that could be realized in an actual transaction may differ from that used to evaluate goodwill for impairment. 
 Goodwill is allocated among and evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. Arconic has three reporting units, the Rolled Products segment, the Building and Construction Systems segment, and the Extrusions segment (full impairment of goodwill in 2021 see below). At the time of the Company s annual 2022 review of goodwill for impairment, the carrying value of goodwill for Rolled Products and Building and Construction Systems was 232 and 67, respectively. 
 In reviewing goodwill for impairment, an entity has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not (greater than 50 that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If an entity elects to perform a qualitative assessment and determines that an impairment is more likely than not, the entity is then required to perform a quantitative impairment test (described below), otherwise no further analysis is required. An entity also may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment and, instead, proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. The ultimate outcome of the goodwill impairment review for a reporting unit should be the same whether an entity chooses to perform the qualitative assessment or proceeds directly to the quantitative impairment test. 
 Arconic determines annually, based on facts and circumstances, which of its reporting units will be subject to the qualitative assessment. For those reporting units where a qualitative assessment is either not performed or for which the conclusion is that an impairment is more likely than not, a quantitative impairment test will be performed. The Company s policy is that a quantitative impairment test be performed for each reporting unit at least once during every three-year period. 
 45 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Under the qualitative assessment, various events and circumstances (or factors) that would affect the estimated fair value of a reporting unit are identified (similar to impairment indicators above). These factors are then classified by the type of impact they would have on the estimated fair value using positive, neutral, and adverse categories based on current business conditions. Additionally, an assessment of the level of impact that a particular factor would have on the estimated fair value is determined using high, medium, and low weighting. Furthermore, management considers the results of the most recent quantitative impairment test completed for a reporting unit and compares the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) between the current and prior years for each reporting unit. 
 During the 2022 annual review of goodwill for impairment, management performed the qualitative assessment for the Building and Construction Systems reporting unit. Management concluded it was not more likely than not that the estimated fair value of this reporting unit was less than the carrying value. As such, no further analysis was required. Management last proceeded directly to the quantitative impairment test for the Building and Construction Systems reporting unit in 2021. At that time, the estimated fair value of this reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value, resulting in no impairment. 
 Under the quantitative impairment test, the evaluation of the recoverability of goodwill involves comparing the current fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. Arconic uses a DCF model to estimate the current fair value of its reporting units when testing for impairment, as management believes forecasted cash flows are the best indicator of such fair value. Several significant assumptions and estimates are involved in the application of the DCF model to forecast operating cash flows, including sales growth (volumes and pricing), production costs, capital spending, working capital levels, and discount rate. Certain of these assumptions may vary significantly among the reporting units. Cash flow forecasts are generally based on approved business unit five-year operating plans and a terminal value. The WACC rate for the individual reporting units is estimated by management with the assistance of valuation experts. In the event the estimated fair value of a reporting unit per the DCF model is less than the carrying value, the Company would recognize an impairment charge equal to the excess of the reporting unit s carrying value over its fair value without exceeding the total amount of goodwill applicable to that reporting unit. 
 During the 2022 annual review of goodwill for impairment, management proceeded directly to the quantitative impairment test for the Rolled Products reporting unit. The result of this review indicated the estimated fair value of this reporting unit was substantially in excess of the carrying value, resulting in no impairment. 
 The respective annual review of goodwill for impairment in 2021 and 2020 indicated that goodwill was not impaired for any of Arconic s reporting units, except for the Extrusions segment (see below), and there were no triggering events since that time that necessitated an interim quantitative impairment test for any of the Company s reporting units. That said, in light of the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (i.e., stock market volatility, customer demand disruption, etc.), Arconic did perform periodic qualitative assessments throughout 2020 in which management concluded that no impairment existed and, therefore, no further analysis was required. 
 In 2021, the estimated fair value of the Extrusions reporting unit was lower than the associated carrying value by an amount greater than the carrying value of the Extrusions reporting unit s goodwill. Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 65 in the fourth quarter of 2021. As a result, there is no goodwill remaining for the Extrusions reporting unit. 
 The impairment of the Extrusion reporting unit s goodwill resulted from a combination of market-based factors, including continued delays in aerospace market improvement, the expectation that significant cost inflation will extend beyond 2021 resulting in increasingly limited ability for management to drive margin expansion, and a longer than previously anticipated shift in product mix to lower margin industrial products to replace most of the lost aerospace volume. Further, current market factors also resulted in a 150-basis point increase in the WACC compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. Accordingly, given these factors, the estimated fair value of the Extrusions reporting unit was less than the carrying value resulting in a full impairment of its goodwill. 
 Environmental Matters. Expenditures for current operations are expensed or capitalized, as appropriate. Expenditures relating to existing conditions caused by past operations, which will not contribute to future revenues, are expensed. Liabilities are recorded when remediation costs are probable and can be reasonably estimated. The liability may include costs such as site investigations, consultant fees, feasibility studies, outside contractors, and monitoring expenses. Estimates are generally not reduced by potential claims for recovery, which are recognized when probable and as agreements are reached with third parties. The estimates may also include costs related to other potentially responsible parties to the extent that Arconic has reason to believe such parties will not fully pay their proportionate share. The liability is continuously reviewed and adjusted to reflect current remediation progress, prospective estimates of required activity, and other factors that may be relevant, including changes in technology or regulations. The portion of the liability associated with post-remediation operations, maintenance, and monitoring activities are discounted using a risk-free-rate. 
 46 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Litigation Matters. For asserted claims and assessments, liabilities are recorded when an unfavorable outcome of a matter is deemed to be probable and the loss is reasonably estimable. Management determines the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome based on many factors such as, among others, the nature of the matter, available defenses and case strategy, progress of the matter, views and opinions of legal counsel and other advisors, applicability and success of appeals processes, and the outcome of similar historical matters. Once an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable, management weighs the probability of estimated losses, and the most reasonable loss estimate is recorded. If an unfavorable outcome of a matter is deemed to be reasonably possible, the matter is disclosed and no liability is recorded. With respect to unasserted claims or assessments, management must first determine the probability an assertion will be made is likely; then a determination as to the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to reasonably estimate the potential loss is made. Legal matters are reviewed on a continuous basis to determine if there has been a change in management s judgment regarding the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome or the estimate of a potential loss. 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits. In all periods prior to January 1, 2020 (see below), certain employees attributable to the Arconic Corporation Businesses participated in defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans sponsored by ParentCo (the Shared Plans ), which also included participants attributable to non-Arconic Corporation Businesses. Arconic accounted for the portion of the Shared Plans related to its employees as multiemployer benefit plans. Accordingly, the Company did not record an asset or liability to recognize any portion of the funded status of the Shared Plans. However, the related expense recorded by Arconic was based primarily on pensionable compensation and estimated interest costs related to participants attributable to the Arconic Corporation Businesses. 
 In all periods prior to the Separation Date, certain other ParentCo plans that were entirely attributable to employees of the Arconic Corporation Businesses Direct Plans were accounted for as defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Accordingly, the funded or unfunded position of each Direct Plan was recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Actuarial gains and losses that have not yet been recognized in earnings were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes, until they were amortized as a component of net periodic benefit cost. The determination of benefit obligations and recognition of expenses related to the Direct Plans is dependent on various assumptions, including, among others, discount rates, long-term expected rates of return on plan assets, and future compensation increases. ParentCo s management developed each assumption using relevant company experience in conjunction with market-related data for each individual location in which such plans exist. 
 In preparation for the Separation, effective January 1, 2020, certain of the Shared Plans were separated into standalone plans for both Arconic New Direct Plans and ParentCo (see Note H to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K). Additionally, effective April 1, 2020, portions of the other remaining Shared Plans were assumed by Arconic Additional New Direct Plans (see Note H to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K). Accordingly, beginning on the respective effective dates, the New Direct Plans and the Additional New Direct Plans are accounted for as defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. Additionally, the Direct Plans continue to be accounted for as defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. 
 Liabilities and expenses for pension and other postretirement benefits are determined using actuarial methodologies and incorporate significant assumptions, including the interest rate used to discount the future estimated liability, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and several assumptions relating to the employee workforce (compensation increases, health care cost trend rates, retirement age, and mortality). 
 The interest rate used to discount future estimated liabilities is determined using a Company-specific yield curve model (above-median) developed with the assistance of an external actuary. The cash flows of the projected benefit obligations are discounted using a single equivalent rate derived from yields on high quality corporate bonds, which represent a broad diversification of issuers in various sectors. The yield curve model parallels the projected plan cash flows, which have a weighted average duration of 11 years, and the underlying cash flows of the bonds included in the model exceed the cash flows needed to satisfy the plan obligations multiple times. If a deep market of high quality corporate bonds does not exist in a country, then the yield on government bonds is used. In 2022, the weighted average discount rate used to determine benefit obligations for pension plans was 5.49 and for other postretirement benefit plans was 5.62 . The impact on the combined pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities of a change in the weighted average discount rate of 1/4 of 1 would be approximately 60 and either a charge or credit of approximately 1 to pretax earnings in the following year. 
 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is generally applied to a five-year market-related value of plan assets (the fair value at the plan measurement date is used for certain non-U.S. plans). The process used by management to develop this assumption is one that relies on forward-looking investment returns by asset class. Management incorporates expected future investment returns on current and planned asset allocations using information from various external investment managers and consultants, as well as management s own judgment. For 2022, management used 5.18 as its weighted-average expected long-term rate of return, which was based on the prevailing and planned strategic asset allocations, as well as estimates of future 
 47 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 returns by asset class. For 2023, management anticipates that the weighted-average expected long-term rate of return will be in the range of 5.50 to 6.50 . A change in the assumption for the weighted average expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 1/4 of 1 would impact pretax earnings by approximately 4 for 2023. 
 Stock-Based Compensation. In all periods prior to the Separation Date, eligible employees attributable to the Arconic Corporation Businesses participated in ParentCo s stock-based compensation plan. The compensation expense recorded by the Company included the expense associated with these employees, as well as the expense associated with an allocation of stock-based compensation expense for ParentCo s corporate employees. Beginning on the Separation Date, Arconic recorded stock-based compensation expense for all of the Company's employees eligible to participate in Arconic s stock-based compensation plan. The following describes the manner in which stock-based compensation expense was initially determined for both Arconic and ParentCo. 
 Compensation expense for employee equity grants is recognized using the non-substantive vesting period approach, in which the expense is recognized ratably over the requisite service period based on the grant date fair value. The fair value of stock options is estimated on the date of grant using a lattice-pricing model. The fair value of performance stock units containing a market condition is valued using a Monte Carlo valuation model. Determining the fair value at the grant date requires judgment, including estimates for the average risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, volatility, and exercise behavior. These assumptions may differ significantly between grant dates because of changes in the actual results of these inputs that occur over time. 
 In 2022, 2021, and 2020, Arconic recognized stock-based compensation expense of 15 12 after-tax), 22 17 after-tax), and 23 18 after-tax), respectively. 
 Income Taxes. The provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. Under this approach, the provision for income taxes represents income taxes paid or payable (or received or receivable) for the current year plus the change in deferred taxes during the year. Deferred taxes represent the future tax consequences expected to occur when the reported amounts of assets and liabilities are recovered or paid, and result from differences between the financial and tax bases of Arconic s assets and liabilities and are adjusted for changes in tax rates and tax laws when enacted. 
 In all periods prior to the Separation Date, the Arconic Corporation Businesses were included in the income tax filings of ParentCo. The provision for income taxes was determined in the same manner described above, but on a separate return methodology as if the Company was a standalone taxpayer filing hypothetical income tax returns where applicable. Any additional accrued tax liability or refund arising as a result of this approach was assumed to be immediately settled with ParentCo as a component of Parent Company net investment. Deferred taxes were also determined in the same manner described above and were reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheet for net operating losses, credits or other attributes to the extent that such attributes were expected to transfer to Arconic upon the Separation. Any difference from attributes generated in a hypothetical return on a separate return basis was adjusted as a component of Parent Company net investment. 
 Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not (greater than 50 that a tax benefit will not be realized. In evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, management considers all potential sources of taxable income, including income available in carryback periods, future reversals of taxable temporary differences, projections of taxable income, and income from tax planning strategies, as well as all available positive and negative evidence. Positive evidence includes factors such as a history of profitable operations, projections of future profitability within the carryforward period, including from tax planning strategies, and the Company s experience with similar operations. Existing favorable contracts and the ability to sell products into established markets are additional positive evidence. Negative evidence includes items such as cumulative losses, projections of future losses, or carryforward periods that are not long enough to allow for the utilization of a deferred tax asset based on existing projections of income. Deferred tax assets for which no valuation allowance is recorded may not be realized upon changes in facts and circumstances, resulting in a future charge to establish a valuation allowance. Existing valuation allowances are re-examined under the same standards of positive and negative evidence. If it is determined that it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be realized, the appropriate amount of the valuation allowance, if any, is released. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are also re-measured to reflect changes in underlying tax rates due to law changes and the grant and lapse of tax holidays. 
 Arconic applies a tax law ordering approach when considering the need for a valuation allowance on net operating losses expected to offset Global Intangible Low Taxed Income (GILTI) income inclusions. Under this approach, reductions in cash tax savings are not considered as part of the valuation allowance assessment. Instead, future GILTI inclusions are considered a source of taxable income that support the realizability of deferred tax assets. 
 Tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return are recorded when such benefits meet a more likely than not threshold. Otherwise, these tax benefits are recorded when a tax position has been effectively 
 48 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 settled, which means that the statute of limitations has expired or the appropriate taxing authority has completed its examination even though the statute of limitations remains open. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized as part of the provision for income taxes and are accrued beginning in the period that such interest and penalties would be applicable under relevant tax law until such time that the related tax benefits are recognized. 
 
 Recently Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Guidance 
 See the respective section of Note B to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Not material. 
 49 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Management s Reports to Arconic Corporation Stockholders 
 Management s Report on Financial Statements and Practices 
 The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements of Arconic Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company were prepared by management, which is responsible for their integrity and objectivity, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and include amounts that are based on management s best judgments and estimates. The other financial information included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 is consistent with that in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Management recognizes its responsibility for conducting the Company s affairs according to the highest standards of personal and corporate conduct. This responsibility is characterized and reflected in key policy statements issued from time to time regarding, among other things, conduct of its business activities within the laws of the host countries in which the Company operates and potentially conflicting outside business interests of its employees. The Company maintains a systematic program to assess compliance with these policies. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended), for the Company. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an assessment to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report, which is included herein. 
 /s/ Timothy D. Myers 
 Timothy D. Myers Chief Executive Officer /s/ Erick R. Asmussen 
 Erick R. Asmussen Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 21, 2023 
 
 50 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Arconic Corporation 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Arconic Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive (loss) income, of changes in equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 51 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Valuation of Long-Lived Assets Extrusions Asset Group 
 
 As described in Notes B and E to the consolidated financial statements, the long-lived assets of the Extrusions asset group include properties, plants and equipment, and intangible assets. Management reviews the properties, plants, and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. In September 2022, due to an expected decline in the forecasted financial performance for the Extrusions segment (and asset group), including continued forecasted losses, management evaluated the recoverability of the long-lived assets of the Extrusions asset group by comparing the aggregate carrying value to the undiscounted future cash flows. The result was that the long-lived assets were deemed by management to be impaired and the amount of the impairment charge was measured as the difference between the aggregate carrying value and the aggregate fair value of the long-lived assets. Fair value was determined by management using an orderly liquidation methodology for machinery and equipment and a sales comparison approach for land and structures. Significant judgments and assumptions were applied in estimating the fair value of the long-lived assets, including the use of market-based information specific to the machinery and equipment and information from recent sales or current listings of comparable properties for the land and structures. As a result of the evaluation, management recognized an impairment charge of 90 million for properties, plants, and equipment of the Extrusions asset group. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of long-lived assets of the Extrusions asset group is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimates of the machinery, equipment, land and structures of the Extrusions asset group; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s valuation methods and significant assumptions related to market based information for machinery and equipment and information from recent sales or current listings of comparable properties for land and structures; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of the long-lived assets of the Extrusion asset group, including controls over valuation of the machinery, equipment, land and structures. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimates of the machinery, equipment, land and structures; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methods; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the valuation methods; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to market based information for machinery and equipment and information from recent sales or current listings of comparable properties for the land and structures. Evaluating management s significant assumptions related to market based information for machinery and equipment and information from recent sales or current listings of comparable properties for the land and structures involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) historical cost and salvage information of assets within the asset group; (ii) the consistency with comparable salvage values, and sales or listings of comparable properties; and (iii) whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the estimates of fair value of the machinery, equipment, land and structures of the Extrusions asset group. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 21, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 52 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Arconic Corporation and subsidiaries 
 Statement of Consolidated Operations 
 (in millions, except per-share amounts) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Sales C and D 
 Cost of goods sold (exclusive of expenses below) 
 Selling, general administrative, and other expenses Research and development expenses Provision for depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill B O 
 Restructuring and other charges E 
 Operating (loss) income ) ) Interest expense F 
 Other expenses, net G 
 Loss before income taxes ) ) ) (Benefit) Provision for income taxes I 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net loss attributable to Arconic Corporation ) ) ) Earnings Per Share Attributable to Arconic Corporation Common Stockholders J ): 
 Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Arconic Corporation and subsidiaries 
 Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 (in millions) 
 Arconic Corporation Noncontrolling interest Total For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax L ): 
 Change in unrecognized net actuarial loss and prior service cost/benefit related to pension and other postretirement benefits Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Net change in unrecognized losses on cash flow hedges ) ) Total Other comprehensive income, net of tax Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Arconic Corporation and subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 (in millions) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables from customers, less allowances of in both 2022 and 2021 V 
 Other receivables Inventories M 
 Fair value of hedging instruments and derivatives U 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets T 
 Total current assets Properties, plants, and equipment, net N 
 Goodwill B O 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets P 
 Deferred income taxes I 
 Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable, trade Accrued compensation and retirement costs Taxes, including income taxes Environmental remediation T 
 Operating lease liabilities P 
 Fair value of hedging instruments and derivatives U 
 Other current liabilities T 
 Total current liabilities Long-term debt Q 
 Accrued pension benefits H 
 Accrued other postretirement benefits H 
 Environmental remediation T 
 Operating lease liabilities P 
 Deferred income taxes I 
 Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Contingencies and commitments T 
 Equity Arconic Corporation stockholders equity: Common stock K 
 Additional capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Treasury stock K 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss L 
 ) ) Total Arconic Corporation stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest S 
 Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Arconic Corporation and subsidiaries 
 Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows 
 (in millions) For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash provided from (used for) operations: Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill B O 
 Deferred income taxes I 
 ) ) ) Restructuring and other charges E 
 Net periodic pension benefit cost H 
 Stock-based compensation K 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Q 
 Other ) Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding effects of acquisitions, divestitures, and foreign currency translation adjustments: Decrease (Increase) in receivables V 
 ) ) (Increase) Decrease in inventories ) ) (Increase) in prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) (Decrease) Increase in accounts payable, trade ) Increase (Decrease) in accrued expenses ) ) Increase in taxes, including income taxes Pension contributions H 
 ) ) ) (Increase) Decrease in noncurrent assets ) ) Increase in noncurrent liabilities Cash provided from (used for) operations ) Financing Activities Net transfers from former parent company Separation payment to former parent company A 
 ) Additions to debt (original maturities greater than three months) Q 
 Debt issuance costs Q 
 ) ) ) Payments on debt (original maturities greater than three months) Q 
 ) Repurchases of common stock K 
 ) ) Other ) ) Cash (used for) provided from financing activities ) Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of assets and businesses S 
 ) Other Cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year R 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year R 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Arconic Corporation and subsidiaries 
 Statement of Changes in Consolidated Equity 
 (dollars in millions) 
 Common shares outstanding Common stock Additional capital Accumulated deficit Treasury stock Parent Company net investment Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Noncontrolling interest Total equity Balance at December 31, 2019 Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive income L 
 Establishment of additional defined benefit plans H 
 ) ) Change in ParentCo contribution Separation payment to former parent company A 
 ) ) Separation-related adjustments 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock K 
 ) Stock-based compensation K 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income L 
 Repurchases of common stock K 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation K 
 Other 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive income L 
 Repurchases of common stock K 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation K 
 Divestiture S 
 ) ) Other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Arconic Corporation and subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in millions, except per-share amounts) 
 
 A. 
 primary operating locations in countries around the world, situated in the United States, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hungary, and the United Kingdom. Arconic s previous operations in Russia were divested in November 2022 (see Note S ). 
 In the 2022 fourth quarter, Arconic recorded an adjustment of in Cost of goods sold to increase its environmental reserves to correct the accrual related to anticipated costs associated with the Company s obligations to perform future operations, maintenance, and monitoring (OM M) activities, as required by federal, state, and/or local environmental agencies, at several environmental remediation sites. The adjustment was derived from a site-by-site analysis based upon OM M plans submitted to respective environmental regulatory agencies, and resulted in extending the time horizon for OM M costs. Management has concluded that the impact was not material to any previously reported periods. 
 In the 2022 first quarter, the Company recorded a net gain of in Cost of goods sold related to the unrealized impact associated with the change in the estimated fair value of natural gas supply contracts now determined to be derivatives (see Note U ). This amount was comprised of an unrealized loss of for the 2022 first quarter, an unrealized gain of for the 2021 annual period, and an unrealized gain of for the 2020 fourth quarter. The out-of-period amounts were not material to any interim or annual period. 
 References in these Notes to (i) ParentCo refer to Arconic Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries (through March 31, 2020, at which time it was renamed Howmet Aerospace Inc. Howmet )), and (ii) 2016 Separation Transaction refer to the November 1, 2016 separation of Alcoa Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation, into standalone, publicly-traded companies, Arconic Inc. and Alcoa Corporation. 
 The Separation. On April 1, 2020 (the Separation Date ), ParentCo separated into standalone, publicly-traded companies, Arconic and Howmet, effective at 12:01 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time (the Separation ). The spin-off company, Arconic, comprised the rolled aluminum products, aluminum extrusions, and architectural products operations of ParentCo, as well as the Latin America extrusions operations sold in April 2018, (collectively, the Arconic Corporation Businesses ). The existing publicly-traded company, Howmet, continued to own the engine products, engineered structures, fastening systems, and forged wheels operations (collectively, the Howmet Aerospace Businesses ). ParentCo common stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 19, 2020 (the Record Date received one share of Arconic common stock for every four shares of ParentCo common stock (the Separation Ratio held as of the Record Date (ParentCo paid cash to its common stockholders in lieu of fractional shares). 
 To effect the Separation, ParentCo undertook a series of transactions to separate the net assets and certain legal entities of ParentCo, resulting in a cash payment of to ParentCo by Arconic from a portion of the aggregate net proceeds of previously executed financing arrangements (see Note Q ). In connection with the Separation, shares of Arconic common stock were distributed to ParentCo stockholders. This was determined by applying the Separation Ratio to the shares of ParentCo s outstanding common stock as of the Record Date. Regular-way trading of Arconic s common stock began with the opening of the New York Stock Exchange on April 1, 2020 under the ticker symbol ARNC. Arconic s common stock has a par value of per share. 
 In connection with the Separation, Arconic and Howmet entered into several agreements to implement the legal and structural separation between the two companies; govern the relationship between Arconic and Howmet after the completion of the Separation; and allocate between Arconic and Howmet various assets, liabilities, and obligations, including, among other things, employee benefits, environmental liabilities, intellectual property, and tax-related assets and liabilities. These agreements included a Separation and Distribution Agreement, Tax Matters Agreement, Employee Matters Agreement, and certain Patent, Know-How, Trade Secret License and Trademark License Agreements. The Separation and Distribution Agreement identified the assets to be transferred, the liabilities to be assumed, and the contracts to be transferred to each of Arconic and Howmet as part of the Separation, and provided for when and how these transfers and assumptions were to occur. 
 ParentCo incurred costs to evaluate, plan, and execute the Separation, and Arconic was allocated a pro rata portion of these costs based on segment revenue (see Cost Allocations below). ParentCo recognized from January 1, 2020 through March 31, 2020 (the 2020 Pre-Separation Period for such costs, of which was allocated to Arconic. The allocated amounts were included in Selling, general administrative, and other expenses on the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Operations. 
 58 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Provision for depreciation and amortization Restructuring and other charges E 
 Interest expense F 
 Other (income), net 
 ) 
 _____________________ 
 In the 2020 Pre-Separation Period, amount includes an allocation of for costs incurred by ParentCo associated with the Separation (see The Separation above). 
 59 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Building and Construction Systems Extrusions 
 Repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Generally, gains or losses from the sale of asset groups are recorded in Restructuring and other charges while gains and losses from the sale of individual assets are recorded in Other expenses (income), net. 
 Properties, plants, and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets is determined by comparing the estimated undiscounted net cash flows of the related operations (asset group) to the carrying value of the associated assets. An impairment loss would be recognized when the carrying value of the assets exceeds the estimated undiscounted net cash flows of the asset group. The amount of the impairment loss to be recorded is calculated as the excess of the carrying value of the assets over their fair value, with fair value determined using the best information available, which generally is a discounted cash flow (DCF) model. In certain circumstances, Arconic may use the services of a third-party to assist with other valuation techniques. The determination of what constitutes an asset group, the associated estimated undiscounted net cash flows, and the estimated useful lives of the assets also require significant judgments. 
 60 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 reporting units, the Rolled Products segment, the Building and Construction Systems segment, and the Extrusions segment (full impairment of goodwill in 2021 see below). At the time of the Company s annual 2022 review of goodwill for impairment, the carrying value of goodwill for Rolled Products and Building and Construction Systems was and , respectively. 
 In reviewing goodwill for impairment, an entity has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not (greater than 50 that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If an entity elects to perform a qualitative assessment and determines that an impairment is more likely than not, the entity is then required to perform a quantitative impairment test (described below), otherwise no further analysis is required. An entity also may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment and, instead, proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. The ultimate outcome of the goodwill impairment review for a reporting unit should be the same whether an entity chooses to perform the qualitative assessment or proceeds directly to the quantitative impairment test. 
 Arconic determines annually, based on facts and circumstances, which of its reporting units will be subject to the qualitative assessment. For those reporting units where a qualitative assessment is either not performed or for which the conclusion is that an impairment is more likely than not, a quantitative impairment test will be performed. The Company s policy is that a quantitative impairment test be performed for each reporting unit at least once during every period. 
 Under the qualitative assessment, various events and circumstances (or factors) that would affect the estimated fair value of a reporting unit are identified (similar to impairment indicators above). These factors are then classified by the type of impact they would have on the estimated fair value using positive, neutral, and adverse categories based on current business conditions. Additionally, an assessment of the level of impact that a particular factor would have on the estimated fair value is determined using high, medium, and low weighting. Furthermore, management considers the results of the most recent quantitative impairment test completed for a reporting unit and compares the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) between the current and prior years for each reporting unit. 
 During the 2022 annual review of goodwill for impairment, management performed the qualitative assessment for the Building and Construction Systems reporting unit. Management concluded it was not more likely than not that the estimated fair value of this reporting unit was less than the carrying value. As such, no further analysis was required. Management last proceeded directly to the quantitative impairment test for the Building and Construction Systems reporting unit in 2021. At that time, the estimated fair value of this reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value, resulting in no impairment. 
 Under the quantitative impairment test, the evaluation of the recoverability of goodwill involves comparing the current fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. Arconic uses a DCF model to estimate the current fair value of its reporting units when testing for impairment, as management believes forecasted cash flows are the best indicator of such fair value. Several significant assumptions and estimates are involved in the application of the DCF model to forecast operating cash flows, including sales growth (volumes and pricing), production costs, capital spending, working capital levels, and discount rate. Certain of these assumptions may vary significantly among the reporting units. Cash flow forecasts are generally based on approved business unit five-year operating plans and a terminal value. The WACC rate for the individual reporting units is estimated by management with the assistance of valuation experts. In the event the estimated fair value of a reporting unit per the DCF model is less than the carrying value, the Company would recognize an impairment charge equal to the excess of the reporting unit s carrying value over its fair value without exceeding the total amount of goodwill applicable to that reporting unit. 
 During the 2022 annual review of goodwill for impairment, management proceeded directly to the quantitative impairment test for the Rolled Products reporting unit. The result of this review indicated the estimated fair value of this reporting unit was substantially in excess of the carrying value, resulting in impairment. 
 The respective annual review of goodwill for impairment in 2021 and 2020 indicated that goodwill was not impaired for any of Arconic s reporting units, except for the Extrusions segment (see below), and there were no triggering events since that time that necessitated an interim quantitative impairment test for any of the Company s reporting units. That said, in light of the 
 61 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 in the fourth quarter of 2021. As a result, there is goodwill remaining for the Extrusions reporting unit. 
 The impairment of the Extrusion reporting unit s goodwill resulted from a combination of market-based factors, including continued delays in aerospace market improvement, the expectation that significant cost inflation will extend beyond 2021 resulting in increasingly limited ability for management to drive margin expansion, and a longer than previously anticipated shift in product mix to lower margin industrial products to replace most of the lost aerospace volume. Further, current market factors also resulted in a -basis point increase in the WACC compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. Accordingly, given these factors, the estimated fair value of the Extrusions reporting unit was less than the carrying value resulting in a full impairment of its goodwill. 
 
 Building and Construction Systems Extrusions 

62 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

63 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

64 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 . Other than complying with the disclosure requirements, management has determined that the adoption of this guidance will not have an impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

65 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 C. 
 
 Packaging Building and Construction Aerospace Industrial Products and Other Total end-market revenue 2021 Ground Transportation Packaging Building and Construction Aerospace Industrial Products and Other Total end-market revenue 2020 Ground Transportation Packaging Building and Construction Aerospace Industrial Products and Other Total end-market revenue 

66 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 D. 
 operating and reportable segments, which are organized by product on a global basis: Rolled Products, Building and Construction Systems, and Extrusions (see segment descriptions below). The Company determined the chief operating decision maker to be the CEO, who regularly reviews the financial information of these segments to assess performance and allocate resources. 
 Arconic s profit or loss measure for its reportable segments is Segment Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization). The Company calculates Segment Adjusted EBITDA as Total sales (third-party and intersegment) minus each of (i) Cost of goods sold, (ii) Selling, general administrative, and other expenses, and (iii) Research and development expenses, plus each of (i) Stock-based compensation expense, (ii) Metal price lag, and (iii) Unrealized (gains) losses on mark-to-market hedging instruments and derivatives (see below). Arconic s Segment Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies reportable segments. 
 Effective in the first quarter of 2022, management modified the Company's definition of Segment Adjusted EBITDA to exclude the impact of unrealized gains and losses on mark-to-market hedging instruments and derivatives. This modification was deemed appropriate as Arconic is considering entering in additional hedging instruments in future reporting periods if favorable conditions exist to mitigate cost inflation. Certain of these instruments may not qualify for hedge accounting resulting in unrealized gains and losses being recorded directly to Sales or Cost of goods sold, as appropriate (i.e., mark-to-market). Additionally, this change was also applied to derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting for consistency purposes. The Company does not have a regular practice of entering into contracts that are treated as derivatives for accounting purposes. Ultimately, this change was made to maintain the transparency and visibility of the underlying operating performance of Arconic's reportable segments. Prior to this change, the Company had a limited number of hedging instruments and derivatives that did not qualify for hedge accounting, the unrealized impact of which was not material to Arconic s Segment Adjusted EBITDA performance measure. Accordingly, prior period information presented was not recast to reflect this change. 
 Segment assets are comprised of customer receivables; inventories; properties, plants, and equipment, net; and goodwill. 
 The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (see Note B ). Transactions among segments are established based on negotiation among the parties. 
 The following are detailed descriptions of Arconic s reportable segments: 
 Rolled Products. This segment produces aluminum sheet and plate for a variety of end markets. Sheet and plate are sold directly to customers and through distributors related to the aerospace, ground transportation, packaging, building and construction, and industrial products (mainly used in the production of machinery and equipment and consumer durables) end markets. A small portion of this segment also produced aseptic foil for the packaging end market prior to February 1, 2020 (see Note S ). While the customer base for flat-rolled products is large, a significant amount of sales of sheet and plate is to a relatively small number of customers. Prices for these products are generally based on the price of metal plus a premium for adding value to the aluminum to produce a semi-finished product, resulting in a business model in which the underlying price of metal is contractually passed-through to customers. 
 Building and Construction Systems. This segment manufactures products that are used primarily in the non-residential building and construction end market. These products include integrated aluminum architectural systems and architectural extrusions, which are sold directly to customers and through distributors. 
 Extrusions. This segment produces a range of extruded and machined parts for the aerospace, ground transportation, and industrial products end markets. These products are sold directly to customers and through distributors. Prices for these products are generally based on the price of metal plus a premium for adding value to the aluminum to produce a semi-finished product, resulting in a business model in which the underlying price of metal is contractually passed-through to customers. 

67 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Intersegment sales Total sales Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 ) Provision for depreciation and amortization 2021 Sales: Third-party sales Intersegment sales Total sales Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 ) Provision for depreciation and amortization 2020 Sales: Third-party sales Intersegment sales Total sales Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 ) Provision for depreciation and amortization 
 2022 Assets: Segment assets (1) 
 Supplemental information: Capital expenditures Goodwill 2021 Assets: Segment assets (2) 
 Supplemental information: Capital expenditures Goodwill 
 _____________________ 
 68 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 asset impairment charge comprised of 90 for Properties, plants, and equipment and for intangible assets (included within Other noncurrent assets) (see Note E ). Also, in November 2022, Arconic completed the sale of all of its operations in Russia (see Note S ), which was previously reported in Rolled Products. 
 (2) In the 2021 fourth quarter, the Rolled Products segment recorded a net adjustment of (approximately of which relates to prior quarters in 2021) related to write-downs of scrap inventory. The out-of-period amounts were not material to any interim or annual period. 
 Elimination of intersegment sales ) ) ) Other ) ) Consolidated sales 

Unallocated amounts: Corporate expenses (1) 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense K 
 ) ) ) Metal price lag (2) 
 ) ) Unrealized gains on mark-to-market hedging instruments and derivatives U 
 Provision for depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Impairment of goodwill B O 
 ) Restructuring and other charges (3),(4) E 
 ) ) ) Other (5) 
 ) ) ) Operating (loss) income 
 ) ) Interest expense F 
 ) ) ) Other expenses, net G 
 ) ) ) Benefit (Provision) for income taxes I 
 ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Consolidated net loss attributable to Arconic (1) 
 ) ) ) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Corporate expenses are composed of general administrative and other expenses of operating the corporate headquarters and other global administrative facilities. The amounts presented for all periods prior to second quarter 2020 include an allocation of ParentCo s corporate expenses, including research and development expenses, for the portion of the period prior to the Separation Date (see Cost Allocations in Note A ). 
 (2) Metal price lag represents the financial impact of the timing difference between when aluminum prices included in Sales are recognized and when aluminum purchase prices included in Cost of goods sold are realized. This adjustment aims to remove the effect of the volatility in metal prices and the calculation of this impact considers applicable metal hedging transactions. 
 (3) In 2022, Restructuring and other charges includes a loss of 306 related to the sale of the Company s operations in Russia and a asset impairment charge related to the Extrusions segment (see Note E ). 
 (4) In 2022, 2021, and 2020, Restructuring and other charges include a , , and , respectively, charge for the settlement of certain employee retirement benefits virtually all of which were within the United States and the United Kingdom (see Note H ). 
 69 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (see Environmental Matters in Note T and costs related to the new labor agreement of (see Note H ). These charges were recorded in Cost of goods sold on the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Operations. 
 Unallocated amounts: Cash and cash equivalents Prepaid expenses and other current assets Fair value of hedging instruments and derivatives Corporate fixed assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred income taxes I 
 Other noncurrent assets Other Consolidated assets 
 Customer Information 
 In 2021 and 2020 Arconic generated more than 10 of its consolidated sales from one customer, Ford Motor Company. These sales amounted to and in 2021, and 2020 respectively, and were included in the Rolled Products segment. 
 Geographic Area Information 
 Russia China Hungary France United Kingdom Other 
 _____________________ 
 In all periods presented, sales of a portion of aluminum products from Arconic s plant in Russia were completed through the Company s international selling company located in Hungary. Also, in November 2022, Arconic completed the sale of all of its operations in Russia (see Note S ). 
 Geographic information for long-lived assets was as follows (based upon the physical location of the assets): 
 70 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 China Russia Hungary United Kingdom France Other 
 _____________________ 
 In November 2022, Arconic completed the sale of all of its operations in Russia (see Note S ). 
 
 E. 
 ) Asset impairments 
 Settlements related to employee retirement benefit plans H 
 Layoff costs Other 
 Reversals of previously recorded layoff and other costs ) ) ) Restructuring and other charges 
 __________________ 
 In 2020, Other includes related to the allocation of ParentCo s corporate restructuring activity to Arconic (see Cost Allocations in Note A ). 
 Layoff costs were recorded based on approved detailed action plans submitted by the operating locations that specified positions to be eliminated, benefits to be paid under existing severance plans, union contracts or statutory requirements, and the expected timetable for completion of the plans. 
 2022 Actions. In 2022, Arconic recorded Restructuring and other charges of , which were comprised of the following components: a 306 net loss related to the sale of the Company's operations in Russia (See Russia in Note S ); a asset impairment charge related to the Extrusions segment (see below); a charge for the settlement of certain employee retirement benefits related to U.S. pension plans (see Note H ); a charge related to several legacy non-U.S. matters, including for an environmental remediation obligation related to Italy (see Environmental Matters in Note T and for the full settlement of certain employee retirement benefits related to Brazil (see Note H ); a charge related to idling certain operations in the Extrusions segment (actions initiated in 2021); and a net charge for other items. 
 In September 2022, management initiated a business review of the Extrusions segment aimed at identifying alternatives to improve financial performance of this segment in future periods. Management continues to assess alternatives and no decisions or commitments were made as of December 31, 2022. In connection with this review, the Company updated its five-year strategic plan, the results of which indicated that there is an expected decline in the forecasted financial performance for the Extrusions segment (and asset group), including continued forecasted losses. As such, management evaluated the recoverability of the long-lived assets of the Extrusions asset group by comparing the aggregate carrying value to the undiscounted future cash flows. The result of this evaluation was that the long-lived assets were deemed to be impaired as the aggregate carrying value exceeded the undiscounted future cash flows. The impairment charge was measured as the difference between the aggregate carrying value and aggregate fair value of the long-lived assets. Fair value was determined using an orderly liquidation methodology for the machinery and equipment and a sales comparison approach for the land and structures. Significant judgments and assumptions were applied in estimating the fair value of the long-lived assets, including the use of market-based information specific to the machinery and equipment and information from recent sales or current listings of comparable 
 71 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 for the Properties, plants, and equipment and for the intangible assets (included within Other noncurrent assets). 
 2021 Actions. In 2021, Arconic recorded Restructuring and other charges of , which were comprised of the following components: a charge for the settlement of certain employee retirement benefits (see Note H ); a charge for the impairment of several buildings and equipment due to management s decision to abandon these assets located at the Company s primary research and development facility; a charge related to idling certain operations in the Extrusions segment, including layoff costs associated with approximately employees; a net benefit for legacy tax and legal matters related to Brazil; a charge related to several legal matters, including the assumption of a related environmental remediation obligation (see Environmental Matters in Note T ); a credit for the reversal of reserves established in prior periods (see 2020 Actions below); a additional loss on the sale of an aluminum rolling mill in Brazil (see Itapissuma in Note S ); and a net charge for other items. 
 As of September 30, 2021, the employee separations associated with 2021 restructuring programs were essentially complete. In 2021, the Company made cash payments of against layoff reserves related to the 2021 restructuring programs. 
 2020 Actions. In 2020, Arconic recorded a net charge of in Restructuring and other charges, which were comprised of the following components: a charge for the settlement of certain employee retirement benefits, virtually all within the United States and the United Kingdom (see Note H ); a benefit for contingent consideration received related to the 2018 sale of the Texarkana (Texas) rolling mill (see Note S ); a net gain related to the sales of an extrusions plant in South Korea and an aluminum rolling mill in Brazil (see Note S ); a charge for costs, of which is for layoff costs associated with approximately employees, related to the planned closure and related reorganizations of several small facilities in the Building and Construction Systems and Extrusions segments; an charge for layoff costs associated with the separation of approximately employees across the Company in response to the impact of the COVID 19 pandemic; a credit for the reversal of reserves established in prior periods, including related to an environmental matter (see Note T ); a charge for legacy non-income tax matters in Brazil; a charge for an allocation of ParentCo s corporate restructuring activity (see Cost Allocations in Note A ); and an net charge for other items. 
 In 2021, the total number of employees to be separated was updated to from to reflect employees initially identified for separation accepting other positions within the Company and natural attrition. As of December 31, 2021, the employee separations associated with 2020 restructuring programs were essentially complete. In 2021 and 2020, the Company made cash payments of and , respectively, against layoff reserves related to the 2020 restructuring programs. 
 Segment Information. 
 ) Building and Construction Systems ) Extrusions ) Segment total ) Corporate 
 Reserve Activity. 
 72 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Separation-related adjustments (1) 
 Cash payments ) ) ) Restructuring charges Other (2) 
 ) ) ) Reserve balances at December 31, 2020 Cash payments ) ) ) Restructuring charges Other (2) 
 ) ) ) Reserve balances at December 31, 2021 
 Cash payments ) ) ) Restructuring charges Other (2) 
 ) ) Reserve balances at December 31, 2022 (3) 
 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Represents liabilities transferred from ParentCo on the Separation Date (see Note A ). 
 (2) Other includes reversals of previously recorded restructuring charges and the effects of foreign currency translation. 
 (3) The remaining reserves are expected to be paid in cash during 2023. 
 
 F. 
 Amount capitalized 
 In 2020 (January through March), total interest costs include an allocation of ParentCo s financing costs of (see Cost Allocations in Note A ). Also, in 2020, total interest costs include for the write-off and immediate expensing of certain debt issuance costs related to a debt refinancing (see Note Q ). Typically, such costs are deferred and amortized to interest expense over the term of the related financing arrangement. 
 
 G. 
 Foreign currency (gains) losses, net ) Net loss from asset sales Interest income ) ) ) Other, net ) ) 
 In 2022, Foreign currency (gains) losses, net includes a gain for the remeasurement of monetary balances, primarily cash, related to the Company s former operations in Russia (see Note S from rubles to the U.S. dollar. This gain was the result of a significant strengthening of the Russian ruble against the U.S. dollar in the period. 
 In 2020, Other, net includes a benefit for the reversal of a liability previously established at the Separation Date related to a potential indemnification to Howmet by Arconic for an outstanding income tax matter in Spain. Under the terms of the Tax Matters Agreement (see Note A related to the Separation, Arconic was responsible for of the potential loss related to this matter should Howmet receive an unfavorable ruling from Spain s Supreme Court. At the time of Separation, Arconic 
 73 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

H. 
 employees at four U.S. locations; the previous labor agreement expired on May 15, 2022. The tentative agreement was ratified by the union employees on June 1, 2022. In 2022, Arconic recognized in Cost of goods sold on the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Operations primarily for a one-time signing bonus for the covered employees. Additionally, the new labor agreement provides for, among other items, established annual wage increases and higher multipliers used to calculate the union employees' future pension benefits. 
 The change to the pension benefits qualifies as a significant plan amendment to the Company's U.S. hourly defined benefit pension plan, and, as a result, Arconic was required to complete a remeasurement of this plan (generally completed on an annual basis as of December 31st), including an interim actuarial valuation of the plan obligations. Communication of the benefit change to the union employees occurred on May 15, 2022, and the effective date of this amendment was May 16, 2022. For purposes of performing an interim remeasurement of the plan, the Company applied a practical expedient to the remeasurement date and selected May 31, 2022. Accordingly, the discount rate used in calculating the plan obligations increased to at May 31, 2022 from at December 31, 2021. The remeasurement of this plan, together with the amendment for increased benefits, resulted in a net decrease to Accrued pension benefits and a (after-tax) net decrease to Accumulated other comprehensive loss (see Note L on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. Additionally, annual net periodic benefit cost to be recognized for this plan in 2022 increased by , comprised of a decrease in service cost and a increase in non-service costs. 
 U.S. Pension Plan Interim Settlement In September 2022, management concluded that it was probable that lump-sum benefit payments expected to be paid in 2022 under Arconic's U.S. salary defined benefit pension plan will exceed the pre-determined threshold (sum of annual service cost and interest cost) requiring settlement accounting. As a result, the Company was required to complete a remeasurement of this plan (generally completed on an annual basis as of December 31st), including an interim actuarial valuation of the plan obligations. For purposes of performing an interim remeasurement of the plan, Arconic applied a practical expedient to the remeasurement date and selected September 30, 2022. Accordingly, the discount rate used in calculating the plan obligations increased to at September 30, 2022 from at December 31, 2021. The remeasurement of this plan, together with the settlement of benefits, resulted in a net decrease to Accrued pension benefits and a (after-tax) net decrease to Accumulated other comprehensive loss (see Note L on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. Unfavorable plan asset performance offset most of the impact of the increase in the discount rate. Also, the settlement resulted in the accelerated amortization of a portion of the existing net actuarial loss associated with this plan in the amount of after-tax). This amount was reclassified to earnings through Restructuring and other charges (see Not e E from Accumulated other comprehensive loss (see Note L ). Additionally, annual net periodic benefit cost to be recognized for this plan in 2022 increased by , all of which relates to non-service costs. 
 U.S. Pension Plan Annuitizations In April 2021, Arconic purchased a group annuity contract to transfer the obligation to pay the remaining retirement benefits of approximately participants in U.S. defined benefit pension plans to an insurance company. In connection with this transaction, the Company contributed a total of to the plans to maintain the funding level of the remaining plan obligations not transferred. This contribution was funded with the net proceeds from a 
 74 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 plans had an aggregate of approximately participants. 
 This transaction represents a significant settlement event, and, as a result, the Company was required to complete a remeasurement of these plans (generally completed on an annual basis as of December 31st), including an interim actuarial valuation of the plan obligations. Accordingly, the weighted-average discount rate used in calculating the plan obligations increased to as of April 30, 2021 from as of December 31, 2020. The remeasurement resulted in a combined projected benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets of and , respectively, as of April 30, 2021. From these amounts, the group annuity transaction resulted in the settlement of in plan obligations and the transfer of in plan assets. The remeasurement of these plans, together with the annuitization, resulted in a net decrease to Accrued pension benefits and a (after-tax) net decrease to Accumulated other comprehensive loss (see Note L ). Additionally, the annuitization resulted in the accelerated amortization of a portion of the existing net actuarial loss associated with these plans in the amount of after-tax). This amount was reclassified to earnings through Restructuring and other charges (see Note E from Accumulated other comprehensive loss (see Note L ). 
 In December 2020, Arconic purchased a group annuity contract to transfer the obligation to pay the remaining retirement benefits of approximately participants from U.S. defined benefit pension plans to an insurance company. On a combined basis, this transaction resulted in the settlement of approximately in plan obligations and the transfer of approximately in plan assets. Prior to this action, these plans had approximately participants combined. The Company recognized a after-tax) settlement charge, which represents the accelerated amortization of a portion of the existing net actuarial loss associated with these plans. This amount was reclassified to earnings through Restructuring and other charges (see Note E from Accumulated other comprehensive loss (see Note L ). 
 U.S. OPEB Plan Amendments In August 2021, Arconic modified the medical benefit coverage offered to certain Medicare-eligible participants under the Company's U.S. other postretirement benefit plan. Effective January 1, 2022, this modification results in lower premiums and increased benefits to the participants. This change qualifies as a significant plan amendment to the Company's U.S. other postretirement benefit plan. Accordingly, this plan was required to be remeasured, and through this process, the discount rate was updated to at August 31, 2021 from at December 31, 2020. The amendment, together with the remeasurement of this plan, resulted in a net decrease to the Company's other postretirement benefits liability and a (after-tax) net decrease to Accumulated other comprehensive loss (see Note L on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. The impact of this change on the Company's annual net periodic benefit cost is not material. The Company's estimated annual benefit payments will decrease by approximately beginning in 2022. 
 In July 2020, Arconic and the United Steelworkers agreed to modify the medical benefit coverage offered to certain Medicare-eligible participants under the Company's U.S. other postretirement benefit plan, as provided for in the current master collective bargaining agreement between the parties. Effective January 1, 2021, this modification results in lower premiums and increased benefits to the participants. This change qualifies as a significant plan amendment to the Company's U.S. other postretirement benefit plan. Accordingly, this plan was required to be remeasured, and through this process, the discount rate was updated to at July 31, 2020 from at December 31, 2019. The amendment, together with the remeasurement of this plan, resulted in a net decrease to both the Company's other postretirement benefits liability of and Accumulated other comprehensive loss of (after-tax). The impact of this change on the Company's annual net periodic benefit cost is not material. The Company's estimated annual benefit payments decreased by approximately beginning in 2021. 
 U.K. Pension Plan Annuitization In June 2020, Arconic and Howmet, together, executed several liability management actions related to approximately participants in a U.K. defined benefit pension plan. The primary action was the purchase of a group annuity contract to transfer the obligation to pay the remaining retirement benefits of certain plan participants to an insurance company. On a combined basis, these actions resulted in the settlement of approximately in plan obligations and the transfer of approximately in plan assets. In the 2020 second quarter, the Company contributed to the plan to facilitate these actions and maintain the funding level of the remaining plan obligations. Prior to these actions, this plan had approximately participants combined. 
 Accordingly, this plan was required to be remeasured, and through this process, the discount rate was updated to at June 30, 2020 from at December 31, 2019. The settlement events, together with the remeasurement of the plan, resulted in an approximately net reduction to the Company s remaining plan obligation and both a decrease to the Company s pension benefit asset and a settlement charge of after-tax) in 2020. The settlement charge represents the accelerated amortization of a portion of the existing net actuarial loss associated with this plan. This amount was reclassified to earnings through Restructuring and other charges (see Note E from Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Subsequent to this remeasurement, the remaining respective plan obligations and plan assets attributable to Arconic and Howmet were transferred into separate plans and the existing U.K. plan was terminated. Immediately following the completion of the transfer, the 
 75 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 and the plan assets were approximately related to plan participants. 
 The Separation The above descriptions of retirement benefits for Arconic participants also describe the retirement benefits provided to the employees and retirees of ParentCo prior to the Separation Date. 
 Prior to the Separation Date for certain non-U.S. plans, eligible employees and retirees related to the Arconic Corporation Businesses participated in ParentCo-sponsored defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans (the Shared Plans ), which included participants related to the Howmet Aerospace Businesses and ParentCo corporate participants, as well as eligible retirees from previously closed or sold operations. Also, prior to the Separation Date, other eligible employees and retirees related to the Arconic Corporation Businesses participated in certain non-U.S. defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans (the Direct Plans ). 
 The Company accounted for the portion of the Shared Plans related to its employees as multiemployer benefit plans. Accordingly, Arconic did not record an asset or liability to recognize the funded status of the Shared Plans. However, the related pension and other postretirement benefit expenses attributable to Arconic were based primarily on pensionable compensation of active Arconic participants and estimated interest costs, respectively. The Company also recorded an allocation of pension and other postretirement benefit expenses for the Shared Plans attributable to ParentCo corporate participants, as well as to participants related to closed and sold operations (see Cost Allocations in Note A ). 
 The Direct Plans were accounted for as defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. Accordingly, the funded status of each Direct Plan was recorded in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Actuarial gains and losses that had not yet been recognized in earnings were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss until they were amortized as a component of net periodic benefit cost. The determination of benefit obligations and recognition of expenses related to Direct Plans were dependent on various assumptions, including, among others, discount rates, long-term expected rates of return on plan assets, and future compensation increases. Management developed each assumption using relevant company experience in conjunction with market-related data for each of the plans. 
 In preparation for the Separation, effective January 1, 2020, certain U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit plans previously sponsored by ParentCo (the U.S. Shared Plans see above) were separated into standalone plans for both Arconic (the New Direct Plans and Howmet. Accordingly, on January 1, 2020, Arconic recognized an aggregate liability of , of which was current, reflecting the combined net funded status of the New Direct Plans, comprised of a benefit obligation of and plan assets of , as well as (net of tax impact) in Accumulated other comprehensive loss representing a net actuarial loss. 
 Additionally, effective on the Separation Date, certain other Shared Plans (the Additional New Direct Plans, and, collectively with the Direct Plans and New Direct Plans, the Cumulative Direct Plans were assumed by Arconic. Accordingly, on the Separation Date, Arconic recognized a noncurrent asset of and a noncurrent liability of , reflecting the combined net funded status of the Additional New Direct Plans, as well as (net of tax impact) in Accumulated other comprehensive loss representing a net actuarial loss. 
 76 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Service cost Interest cost Amendments ) Actuarial gains (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Foreign currency translation impact ) ) Divestitures ) Benefit obligation at end of year (2) 
 Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Settlements ) ) Foreign currency translation impact ) ) Administrative expenses ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year (2) 
 Funded status (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet: Noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (pretax): Net actuarial loss Prior service cost (benefit) ) ) Net amount recognized ) Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (pretax): Net actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss (includes settlements) ) ) ) ) Prior service cost (benefit) ) Amortization of prior service (cost) benefit ) Total ) ) ) )) and ), respectively, and for other postretirement benefits includes approximately ) and ), respectively, attributable to the change in the discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation (see Assumptions below). 
 (2) At December 31, 2022, the benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets, and funded status for U.S. pension plans were , , and , respectively. At December 31, 2021, the benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets, and funded status for U.S. pension plans were , , and , respectively. 
 77 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Accumulated benefit obligation The aggregate projected benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for defined benefit pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets was as follows: Projected benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets The aggregate accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for defined benefit pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets was as follows: Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss 
 Amortization of prior service benefit ) ) ) Settlements (2) 
 Net periodic benefit cost (3) 
 
 _____________________ 
 (1) In 2022 and 2021, net periodic benefit cost for U.S pension plans was and , respectively. 
 (2) In 2022, Settlements were due to the payment of lump-sum benefits. In 2021, Settlements were due to the purchase of a group annuity contract - see U.S. Pension Plan Annuitizations above) and the payment of lump-sum benefits ). In 2020, Settlements were due to two separate purchases of a group annuity contract (see U.S. Pension Plan Annuitizations and U.K. Pension Plan Annuitization above). 
 (3) Service cost was included within Cost of goods sold, Settlements were included within Restructuring and other charges, and all other components were included in Other expenses (income), net on the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Operations. 
 Assumptions 
 Discount rate other postretirement benefit plans Rate of compensation increase pension plans Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets pension plans 
 78 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 years, and the underlying cash flows of the bonds included in the model exceed the cash flows needed to satisfy the plan obligations multiple times. If a deep market of high quality corporate bonds does not exist in a country, then the yield on government bonds is used. 
 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is generally applied to a five-year market-related value of plan assets (the fair value at the plan measurement date is used for certain non-U.S. plans). The process used by management to develop this assumption is one that relies on forward-looking investment returns by asset class. Management incorporates expected future investment returns on current and planned asset allocations using information from various external investment managers and consultants, as well as management s own judgment. For 2022 and 2021, the expected long-term rate of return used by management was based on the prevailing and planned strategic asset allocations, as well as estimates of future returns by asset class. For 2023, management anticipates that the weighted-average expected long-term rate of return will be in the range of to . 
 Rate to which the cost trend rate gradually declines Year that the rate reaches the rate at which it is assumed to remain 
 The assumed health care cost trend rate is used to measure the expected cost of gross eligible charges covered by the Company s other postretirement benefit plans. For 2023, a trend rate will be used, reflecting management s best estimate of the change in future health care costs covered by the plans. 
 Plan Assets 
 Fixed income Other investments Total 
 The principal objectives underlying the investment of the pension plan assets are to ensure that Arconic can properly fund benefit obligations as they become due under a broad range of potential economic and financial scenarios, maximize the long-term investment return with an acceptable level of risk based on such obligations, and broadly diversify investments across and within various asset classes to protect asset values against adverse movements. The use of derivative instruments is permitted where appropriate and necessary for achieving diversification across the balance of the asset portfolio. Investment practices comply with the requirements of applicable country laws and regulations. 
 The following section describes the valuation methodologies used by the trustees to measure the fair value of pension plan assets. For plan assets measured at net asset value, this refers to the net asset value of the investment on a per share basis (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient. Otherwise, an indication of the level in the fair value hierarchy in which each type of asset is generally classified is provided (see Note U for the definition of fair value and a description of the fair value hierarchy). 
 Equities These securities consist of: (i) direct investments in the stock of publicly traded U.S. and non-U.S. companies and are valued based on the closing price reported in an active market on which the individual securities are traded (generally classified in Level 1); (ii) the plans share of commingled funds that are invested in the stock of publicly traded companies and are valued at net asset value; and (iii) direct investments in long/short equity hedge funds and private equity (limited partnerships and venture capital partnerships) and are valued at net asset value. 
 79 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Long/short equity hedge funds Private equity Fixed Income: Intermediate and long duration government/credit Other Other investments: Real estate Discretionary and systematic macro hedge funds Other Total 

80 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Long/short equity hedge funds Private equity Fixed Income: Intermediate and long duration government/credit Other Other investments: Real estate Discretionary and systematic macro hedge funds Other Total 
 
 ______________________ 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total fair value of pension plan assets excludes a net receivable of and net payable of , respectively, which represents securities not yet settled plus interest and dividends earned on various investments. 
 Funding and Cash Flows 
 It is Arconic s policy to contribute amounts to funded defined benefit pension plans sufficient to meet the minimum requirements set forth in applicable country employee benefit and tax regulations, including ERISA for U.S. plans. From time to time, Arconic may contribute additional amounts as deemed appropriate. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, cash contributions to Arconic s funded defined benefit pension plans were , , and , respectively. The 2021 cash contributions include a total of made by the Company in April 2021 to its funded U.S. defined benefit pension plans to maintain the funding level of the remaining plan obligations not transferred under a group annuity contract (see U.S. Pension Plan Annuitizations above). The minimum required contributions to Arconic s funded defined benefit pension plans in 2023 are estimated to be , of which is for U.S. plans. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 
 81 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020. 
 
 I. ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) 
 Foreign U.S. state and local Deferred: U.S. federal ) ) ) Foreign ) ) U.S. state and local ) ) ) ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 __________________ 
 charge related to income generated by the Company prior to the Separation Date that was included in ParentCo s 2020 tax return. 

82 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Taxes on foreign operations - rate differential ) Other taxes related to foreign operations (1) 
 ) ) ) U.S. state and local taxes, including federal benefit Statutory tax rate and law changes 
 ) ) Changes in valuation allowances ) ) Non-taxable income - indemnification liability (2) 
 Subsidiary recapitalizations and reorganizations 
 ) ) Impairment of goodwill ) Non-deductible loss related to sale of Russian operations S 
 ) Changes in uncertain tax positions ) Stock-based compensation Non-deductible costs related to the Separation A 
 ) Write-off of deferred tax assets due to remote utilization (3) 
 ) Non-deductible officer compensation ) ) Other ) ) ) Effective tax rate ) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) In 2021, this line item includes the impact of incremental income tax expense of related to foreign operations that generated income subject to the global intangible low-taxed income inclusion under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. 
 (2) In 2020, this line item reflects the impact of the absence of income tax expense for non-taxable income generated by the reversal of a liability previously established at the Separation Date related to a potential indemnification to Howmet by Arconic for an outstanding income tax matter in Spain (see Note G ). 
 and , respectively, related to the foreign subsidiary deferred tax write-off. 

83 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Tax loss carryforwards Deferred income/expense 
 Interest Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities Loss provisions Inventory accounting method change 
 Depreciation Other Valuation allowance ) ) 
 _____________________ 
 In 2021, an accounting method change was filed to revoke the U.S. tax LIFO election. In 2022, an accounting method change was filed related to inventory cost capitalization. 
 The following table details the expiration periods of the deferred tax assets presented above: 
 December 31, 2022 Expires within 10 years Expires within 11-20 years No expiration (1) 
 Other (2) 
 Total Tax loss carryforwards Employee benefits Other Valuation allowance ) ) ) ) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Deferred tax assets with no expiration may still have annual limitations on utilization. 
 (2) Employee benefits will become deductible for tax purposes over an extended period of time as contributions are made to employee benefit plans and payments are made to participants. Other represents deferred tax assets whose expiration is dependent upon the reversal of the underlying temporary difference. 
 The total deferred tax asset (net of valuation allowance) is supported by projections of future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and taxable temporary differences that reverse within the carryforward period ). 

84 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Establishment of new allowances (1) 
 Net change to existing allowances (2) 
 ) ) Separation-related adjustments Acquisitions and divestitures ) ) Release of allowances (3) 
 ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at end of year 
 _____________________ 
 (1) This line item reflects valuation allowances initially established as a result of a change in management s judgement regarding the realizability of deferred tax assets. 
 (2) This line item reflects movements in previously established valuation allowances, which increase or decrease as the related deferred tax assets increase or decrease. Such movements occur as a result of remeasurement due to a tax rate change and changes in the underlying attributes of the deferred tax assets, including expiration of the attribute and reversal of the temporary difference that gave rise to the deferred tax assets. 
 (3) This line item reflects valuation allowances released as a result of a change in management s judgement regarding the realizability of deferred tax assets. In 2022, Arconic released a U.S. state valuation allowance after completing a legal entity reorganization, which resulted in management concluding it is now more likely than not the Company will realize the benefits of the tax attributes. Additionally, in 2022, the Company released a foreign valuation allowance in connection with the write-off of the related deferred tax assets see footnote 3 to the reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory rate to Arconic s effective tax rate above) . 
 Undistributed net earnings. Foreign undistributed net earnings that have not otherwise previously been subject to U.S. tax are generally exempt from U.S. tax if repatriated in the future. Such future distributions, as well as distributions of previously taxed foreign earnings, may be subject to U.S. state and/or foreign withholding taxes in certain jurisdictions. Also, foreign currency gains/losses related to the translation of previously taxed foreign earnings from the functional currency to the U.S. dollar may be subject to U.S. tax if such earnings were to be distributed in the future. At this time, management has no plans to repatriate such earnings in the foreseeable future, unless it is tax efficient to do so. Management continuously evaluates the Company s local and global cash needs for future business operations and anticipated debt facilities, which may influence future repatriation decisions. If such earnings were to be distributed in the future, management does not expect the potential U.S. state and/or foreign withholding taxes to be material to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The undistributed earnings of the Company s Canadian subsidiary are expected to be repatriated to the U.S. in a future period. The associated withholding tax and other costs are immaterial. 
 Uncertain tax positions. Arconic and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in various U.S. federal, U.S. state, and foreign jurisdictions. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, Arconic s U.S. operations were included in the income tax filings of ParentCo s U.S. consolidated tax group through March 31, 2020. ParentCo s U.S. federal income tax filings have been examined for all periods through 2020. In 2021, the Company s U.S. consolidated tax group filed a nine-month U.S. federal income tax return (April 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020). The Company s U.S. federal income tax filings for 2020 and 2021 are subject to income tax examination. For U.S. state income tax purposes, Arconic and its subsidiaries remain open to examination for the 2019 tax year and forward. For foreign income tax purposes, Arconic and its subsidiaries remain subject to income tax examinations for the 2014 tax year and forward. 

85 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Settlements with tax authorities ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at end of year 
 _____________________ 
 See footnote 3 to the reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory rate to Arconic s effective tax rate above . 
 Unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would not impact the annual effective tax rate for 2022, 2021, and 2020. Management does not anticipate that changes in the Company's unrecognized tax benefits will have a material impact on the Statement of Consolidated Operations during 2023. 
 It is Arconic s policy to recognize interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of the (Benefit) Provision for income taxes on the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Operations. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, Arconic did t recognize any interest or penalties. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest and penalties were accrued. 
 
 J. 
 Effect of dilutive share equivalents: Stock options Stock units Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted Anti-dilutive share equivalents: Stock units Stock options : In-the-money Out-of-the-money 
 _____________________ 
 Stock options are in-the-money when the respective exercise price of each such option is less than the average market price of the Company s common stock during the applicable period presented. Conversely, stock options are out-of-the-money when the respective exercise price of each such option is more than the average market price of the Company s common stock during the applicable period presented. Out-of-the-money stock options never result in common share equivalents for purposes of diluted EPS regardless of whether a company generates net income or a net loss. As of December 31, 2022 and 
 86 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 million and million out-of-the money stock options outstanding, respectively, with a weighted average exercise price of and , respectively. 
 
 K. 
 shares of preferred stock at a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had issued preferred stock. 
 Common Stock. Arconic is authorized to issue shares of common stock at a par value of per share. On the Separation Date, the Company distributed shares of its common stock to ParentCo s stockholders (see Note A ). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Arconic had and , respectively, issued and and , respectively, outstanding shares of common stock. In 2022, 2021, and from the Separation Date through December 31, 2020, the Company issued , , and , respectively, shares of common stock under its employee stock-based compensation plan (see below). 
 On May 4, 2021, Arconic announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock up to an aggregate transactional value of over a two -year period expiring April 28, 2023. In 2022 and 2021, Arconic repurchased and shares, respectively, of the Company's common stock for and , respectively, resulting in completion of the total authorization under this program in August 2022. In connection with the establishment of a new repurchase program (see below), this repurchase program was terminated. Repurchases under the program were made from time to time, as the Company deemed appropriate, based on a variety of factors such as price, capital position, liquidity, financial performance, alternative uses of capital, and overall market conditions. This program was intended to comply with Rule 10b5-1 and all purchases were made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, including without limitation the timing, price, and volume restrictions thereof. 
 On November 16, 2022, Arconic announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock up to an aggregate transactional value of over a two -year period expiring November 17, 2024. Repurchases under the program may be made from time to time, as the Company deems appropriate, solely through open market repurchases effected through a broker dealer, based on a variety of factors such as price, capital position, liquidity, financial performance, alternative uses of capital, and overall market conditions. There can be no assurance as to the number of shares the Company will purchase. The share repurchase program may be increased or otherwise modified, renewed, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, without prior notice. This program is intended to comply with Rule 10b5-1 and all purchases shall be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, including without limitation, the timing, price, and volume restrictions thereof. In 2022, Arconic repurchased shares of the Company's common stock for under this program. 
 The Company issues new shares of common stock to satisfy the exercise of stock options and the conversion of stock units granted under its employee stock-based compensation plan. On May 20, 2021, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to the plan to increase the shares of common stock authorized for issuance by to shares and to eliminate the plan s fungible share accounting, with the result that shares issued pursuant to full value stock awards, on or after the date of amendment, will be counted against the share reserve as share issued under each such award, rather than as one and one-half shares. Shares returned to the plan, on or after the date of amendment, will be counted as share, regardless of whether such shares were counted as one and one-half shares upon grant based on the prior fungible share accounting convention. In 2022, 2021, and from the Separation Date through December 31, 2020, there were , and , respectively, stock options exercised and , and , respectively, stock units converted (see table below). Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and , respectively, stock options and and , respectively, stock units outstanding (i.e., unexercised and/or unvested) under this plan (see table below). Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and , respectively, shares of common stock available for issuance under the plan. 
 Dividends on common stock are subject to authorization by the Company s Board of Directors. Arconic did not declare any dividends in 2022, 2021, and from Separation Date through December 31, 2020. 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 In 2022, 2021, and from the Separation Date through December 31, 2020, eligible Arconic employees participated in the Company s stock-based compensation plan. In all periods prior to the Separation Date, eligible employees attributable to the Arconic Corporation Businesses participated in ParentCo s stock-based compensation plan. 
 Effective on the Separation Date, all outstanding stock options (vested and non-vested) and non-vested stock units originally granted under ParentCo s stock-based compensation plan related to employees of the Arconic Corporation 
 87 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 and , respectively, compared to the number of stock options and stock units originally granted under ParentCo s stock-based compensation plan. The ratio for stock options was developed by dividing the March 31, 2020 closing market price of ParentCo s common stock by the April 1, 2020 opening market price of Arconic s common stock (the Company s common stock did not trade on a when issued basis prior to April 1, 2020). Additionally, the exercise price of stock options was decreased by a ratio of developed by dividing by . The ratio for stock units was developed by dividing the March 31, 2020 closing market price of ParentCo s common stock by the volume weighted average trading price of Arconic s common stock during the first trading days subsequent to March 31, 2020. This resulted in a beginning balance of outstanding stock options and stock units under Arconic s stock-based compensation plan of and , respectively, as of the Separation Date. The respective fair values of these stock options and units were adjusted accordingly. Arconic did not recognize any immediate incremental stock-based compensation expense as a result of this adjustment. 
 The following description of Arconic s stock-based compensation plan is not materially different from the description of ParentCo s stock-based compensation plan prior to the Separation. 
 Stock awards are generally granted in the first quarter of each calendar year to eligible employees at the closing market price of Arconic s common stock on the date of grant. Stock options typically grade-vest over a service period (1/3 each year) with a contractual term; stock units typically cliff-vest on the third anniversary of the award grant date. Beginning in 2022, stock units either cliff-vest or grade-vest based on the award type and employee s job level. As a condition of Arconic s stock-based compensation plan design, individuals who are retirement-eligible have a six-month requisite service period in the year of grant. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, certain of the stock unit grants also contain both performance and market conditions (for each year, the performance stock units and were granted to a limited number of eligible employees, including the Company s executive officers. 
 For 2022 and 2021, the final number of performance stock units earned is dependent on Arconic s achievement of certain targets (performance condition) and a total stockholder return TSR (market condition) over a measurement period. Specifically, determination of the initial number of stock units earned is based on the Company s achievement of adjusted EBITDA ), return on invested capital ), and TSR targets. Beginning in 2021, TSR was added as a stand-alone metric rather than a post-performance period multiplier (see below) to further align executive compensation with the creation of shareholder value as compared to Arconic s peers. For the 2022 and 2021 performance stock units, cumulative performance goals (including for the TSR) were established for the performance period. 
 In 2020, the final number of performance stock units earned is dependent on Arconic s achievement of certain targets (performance condition) modified by a TSR multiplier (market condition) over a measurement period. Specifically, determination of the initial number of stock units earned is based on the Company s achievement of an adjusted EBITDA target ), a controllable free cash flow target ), and a pretax return on net assets target ). For the 2020 performance stock units, the Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors established financial targets to address the lack of visibility and challenge in setting long-term financial goals at the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic, while aligning executive compensation to long-term results. This result is then scaled by the TSR multiplier, which is based on the Company s relative (January 1 of the grant year through December 31 of the third year in the service period) performance against the TSRs of a group of peer companies. 
 In 2022, 2021, and 2020, Arconic recognized stock-based compensation expense of after-tax), after-tax), and after-tax), respectively, of which a minimum of approximately was related to stock units in each period. The amount recognized in 2022 includes a reversal of of expense previously recognized in 2021 related to the performance condition portion of the 2021 performance stock units (see footnote 2 to table below). stock-based compensation expense was capitalized as an asset in 2022, 2021, or 2020. For periods prior to the Separation, the stock-based compensation expense recorded by Arconic was comprised of two components: (i) the expense associated with employees attributable to the Arconic Corporation Businesses, and (ii) an allocation of expense related to ParentCo corporate employees (see Cost Allocations in Note A ). In the 2020 Pre-Separation Period, this allocation was of Arconic s recognized stock-based compensation expense. 
 Stock-based compensation expense is based on the grant date fair value of the applicable equity grant. For stock units granted with no market condition, the fair value is equivalent to the closing market price of Arconic s or ParentCo s common stock on the date of grant in the respective periods. For stock units granted with a market condition, the fair value is estimated on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which generated a result of , , and per unit in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. There were no stock options granted in 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 88 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020) was based on a yield curve of interest rates at the time of the grant based on the remaining performance period. Volatility was estimated using implied and historical volatility in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020). 
 Granted Exercised ) Converted (1) 
 ) Expired or forfeited ) ) Performance share adjustment (2) 
 ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 _____________________ 
 (1) The number of converted units includes shares withheld to meet the Company s statutory tax withholding requirements related to the income earned by the employees as a result of vesting in the units. 
 (2) In 2022, the Company adjusted the target payout of the performance stock units granted in 2022, 2021, and 2020. Since the respective grant date, the fair value related to the performance condition of the 2022 and 2021 performance stock units has been expensed based on a payout at of target. Additionally, the fair value related to the 2020 performance stock units has been expensed based on a payout at of target (previously adjusted in the second half of 2021). However, at December 31, 2022, the estimated future payout for the 2022, 2021, and 2020 performance stock units was determined to be at , , and of target, respectively. Accordingly, the number of non-vested performance stock units outstanding were adjusted to reflect the probable payout percentage. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding stock options had a weighted average remaining contractual life of years and a total intrinsic value of . Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 all of the total outstanding stock options were fully vested and exercisable. In 2022, 2021, and from the Separation Date through December 31, 2020, cash received from stock option exercises was , , , respectively, and the total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was , , and , respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, there was (pretax) of unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested grants of stock units. This expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

89 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 L.) ) ) Establishment of additional defined benefit plans ) Separation-related adjustments A 
 ) Other comprehensive income: Unrecognized net actuarial loss and prior service cost/benefit ) Tax (expense) benefit ) ) Total Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) Amortization of net actuarial loss and prior service cost/benefit (1) 
 Tax expense (2) 
 ) ) ) Total amount reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax (5) 
 Total Other comprehensive income Balance at end of period ) ) ) Foreign currency translation Balance at beginning of period Separation-related adjustments A 
 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Foreign currency translation (3) 
 ) ) Net amount reclassified to earnings from Accumulated other comprehensive income (3),(5) 
 Total Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance at end of period ) Cash flow hedges U 
 Balance at beginning of period ) Separation-related adjustments A 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Net change from periodic revaluations ) ) Tax (expense) benefit ) Total Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) ) Net amount reclassified to earnings: 
 Aluminum (4) 
 ) Energy (4) 
 ) Alloying materials (4) 
 ) Sub-total 
 ) Tax benefit (expense) (2) 
 ) ) Total amount reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax (5) 
 ) Total Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at end of period ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 _____________________ 
 90 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 , , and , respectively, related to the settlement of certain employee retirement benefits (see Note H ). 
 (2) These amounts were reported in (Benefit) Provision for income taxes on the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Operations. 
 (3) In all periods presented, there were no tax impacts related to rate changes. In 2020, the net amount reclassified to earnings was reported in Restructuring and other charges on the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Operations related to the sale of certain foreign subsidiaries. 
 (4) A portion of the amounts related to aluminum were reported in each of Sales and Cost of goods sold on the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Operations (see Note U ). The amounts related to energy and alloying materials were reported in Cost of goods sold on the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Operations (see Note U ). 
 (5) A positive amount indicates a corresponding charge to earnings and a negative amount indicates a corresponding benefit to earnings. These amounts were reflected on the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Operations in the line items indicated in footnotes 1 through 4. 
 
 M. 
 Work-in-process Purchased raw materials Operating supplies 
 In November 2022, Arconic completed the sale of all of its operations in Russia (see Note S ). As of December 31, 2021, Inventories related to the Company s operations in Russia were 102. 
 
 N. 
 Structures: Rolled Products Building and Construction Systems Extrusions Other Machinery and equipment: Rolled Products Building and Construction Systems Extrusions Other Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization Construction work-in-progress 
 _____________________ 
 91 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

for the Extrusions segment as the result of a business review (See 2022 Actions in Note E 
 
 O. 
 Accumulated impairment losses ) ) Goodwill, net Impairment B 
 ) ) Translation ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021: Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Goodwill, net Divestitures S 
 ) ) Translation ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022: Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Goodwill, net 
 In 2021, Arconic recognized an impairment charge of for the Extrusions reporting unit based on the result of the annual review of goodwill for impairment (see Goodwill in Note B ). 
 ) Patents and licenses ) Other ) Total other intangible assets ) 
 December 31, 2021 Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization Net carrying amount Computer software ) Patents and licenses ) Other ) Total other intangible assets ) 
 _____________________ 
 for the Extrusions segment as the result of a business review (See 2022 Actions in Note E 
 92 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 , , and , respectively. During the next five years, amortization expense related to these intangible assets is expected to decrease from in 2023 to in 2027. 
 
 P. 
 , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations in 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 The weighted-average remaining lease term and weighted-average discount rate for Arconic's operating leases at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and years, respectively, and and , respectively. 
 
 Q. 
 6.125 Notes, due 2028 Unamortized discounts and deferred financing costs ) ) 
 2022 Activity On February 16, 2022, the Company amended its five-year credit agreement, dated May 13, 2020, with a syndicate of lenders named therein and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch as administrative agent (the ABL Credit Agreement which provides for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the ABL Credit Facility to be used, generally, for working capital or other general corporate purposes. The ABL Credit Agreement was amended to increase the revolving commitments under the ABL Credit Facility to from . Additionally, the accordion feature of the ABL Credit Facility was revised to provide for the Company to request a further increase to the revolving commitments in an aggregate principal amount equal to the greater of and the excess of the borrowing base over the ABL Credit Facility commitments. Furthermore, the LIBOR-based floating interest rate was replaced with a term SOFR-based interest rate, plus a credit spread adjustment equal to , , or per annum for SOFR-based borrowings with interest periods of , , or , respectively, under the ABL Credit Facility. Arconic paid in upfront costs associated with these amendments. 
 In 2022, the Company borrowed and repaid under the ABL Credit Facility. These borrowings were designated as SOFR loans with either an initial one-month or three-month interest period. In 2022, the weighted-average interest rate and weighted-average days outstanding of the borrowings was and days, respectively. 
 93 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Second-Lien Notes due 2028 (the Additional 2028 Notes ). The Additional 2028 Notes were issued under the indenture governing Arconic s existing Senior Secured Second-Lien Notes due 2028 (see 2020 Activity below). Other than with respect to the date of issuance and issue price, the Additional 2028 Notes are treated as a single series with and have the same terms as the referenced existing notes. The Additional 2028 Notes were sold at of par (i.e., a premium) and, after reflecting a discount to the initial purchasers of the Additional 2028 Notes, the Company received in net proceeds from the debt offering. Arconic used the net proceeds of this issuance to fund an annuitization of certain U.S. defined benefit pension plan obligations (see Note H ). The premium and costs to complete the financing were deferred and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Additional 2028 Notes. The amortization of the premium is reflected as a reduction to interest expense and the amortization of the costs to complete the financing is reflected as an addition to interest expense. Interest on the Additional 2028 Notes is paid semi-annually in February and August and commenced August 15, 2021. 
 2020 Activity In connection with the capital structure to be established at the time of the Separation, Arconic secured in third-party indebtedness. On February 7, 2020, Arconic completed a Rule 144A (U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended) debt offering for of Senior Secured Second-Lien Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes ). The Company received in net proceeds from the debt offering reflecting a discount to the initial purchasers of the 2028 Notes. Also, on March 25, 2020, Arconic entered into a credit agreement, which provided a Senior Secured First-Lien Term Loan B Facility (variable rate and term) (the Term Loan and a Senior Secured First-Lien Revolving Credit Facility (variable rate and term) (the Credit Facility ), with a syndicate of lenders and issuers named therein (the Credit Agreement ). The Company received in net proceeds from the Term Loan reflecting upfront fees and costs to enter into the financing arrangement. 
 The Company used a portion of the in net proceeds from the aggregate indebtedness to make a payment to ParentCo on April 1, 2020 to fund the transfer of certain net assets from ParentCo to Arconic in connection with the completion of the Separation (see Note A ). The payment to ParentCo was calculated as the difference between (i) the of net proceeds from the aggregate indebtedness and (ii) the difference between a beginning cash balance at the Separation Date of , as provided for in the Separation and Distribution Agreement, and the amount of cash held by Arconic Businesses at March 31, 2020 the sum of this amount and the aggregate indebtedness in (i) equals the sum of Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash on the Company s Combined Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2020). 
 On April 2, 2020, Arconic borrowed , which was subject to an interest rate equal to the sum of the three-month LIBOR plus a applicable margin, under the Credit Facility. This borrowing was a proactive measure taken by the Company to bolster its liquidity and preserve financial flexibility in light of uncertainties resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic (see Note A ). 
 On May 13, 2020, Arconic executed a refinancing of its existing Credit Agreement in order to provide improved financial flexibility. Arconic completed a Rule 144A (U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended) debt offering for of Senior Secured First-Lien Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes ). The Company received in net proceeds from the debt offering reflecting a discount to the initial purchasers of the 2025 Notes. Additionally, Arconic entered into the ABL Credit Agreement. The ABL Credit Agreement provided for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of (see 2022 Activity above for amendments to the ABL Credit Agreement), including a letter of credit sub-facility and the ABL Credit Facility. In addition, the ABL Credit Facility includes an accordion feature allowing the Company to request one or more increases to the revolving commitments in an aggregate principal amount up to (see 2022 Activity above for amendment to the ABL Credit Facility). 
 Arconic used the net proceeds from the new indebtedness, together with cash on hand, to prepay in full the obligations outstanding under both the Term Loan and Credit Facility and to terminate in full the commitments under the Credit Agreement. 
 Descriptions of the 2028 Notes, 2025 Notes, and ABL Credit Agreement are set forth below. 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2028 Notes and the execution of the Credit Agreement, the Company paid in discounts to the initial purchasers and/or upfront fees and costs (the debt issuance costs ), of which was attributable to the Term Loan and the Credit Facility. The debt issuance costs were initially deferred and were being amortized to interest expense over the respective terms of the 2028 Notes, the Term Loan, and the Credit Facility. In connection with the issuance of the 2025 Notes and the execution of the ABL Credit Agreement, the Company paid in discounts to the initial purchasers and/or upfront fees and costs (the new debt issuance costs ). As a result of applying both debt modification and debt extinguishment accounting, as appropriate based on the lender mix for each debt instrument, to the debt refinancing, the Company was required to write off of the in debt issuance costs and immediately expense of the in new debt issuance costs. This 
 94 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 in debt issuance costs continued to be deferred and the remaining in new debt issuance costs were deferred; both are being amortized to interest expense over the respective terms of the 2025 Notes and the ABL Credit Agreement. 
 2028 Notes Interest on the 2028 Notes is paid semi-annually in February and August and commenced August 15, 2020. 
 Arconic has the option to redeem the 2028 Notes on at least days, but not more than days, prior notice to the holders of the 2028 Notes under multiple scenarios, including, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time after February 14, 2023 at a redemption price specified in the indenture (up to of the principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest in each case). At any time prior to February 15, 2023, the Company may redeem all or a part of the notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes redeemed plus a make-whole redemption price determined as the greater of (1) of the principal amount of such notes and (2) the excess, if any, of (a) the present value at the date of redemption of (i) of the principal amount of such notes plus (ii) all required interest payments due on such notes (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the date of redemption) through February 15, 2023, computed using a discount rate equal to, generally, the yield to maturity of United States Treasury securities with a constant maturity as of the date of redemption plus basis points, over (b) the principal amount of such notes, as of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption. Also, at any time prior to February 15, 2023, Arconic may, on one or more occasions, redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date, with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings, if at least of the original aggregate principal amount of the notes remains outstanding immediately after such redemption and the redemption occurs within days of the date of such equity offering. Additionally, the 2028 Notes are subject to repurchase upon the occurrence of a change in control repurchase event (as defined in the indenture) at a repurchase price in cash equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the 2028 Notes repurchased. 
 The 2028 Notes are senior secured obligations of Arconic and do not entitle the holders to any registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The Company does not intend to file a registration statement with respect to resales of or an exchange offer for the 2028 Notes. The 2028 Notes are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by Arconic and its subsidiaries that are guarantors (the subsidiary guarantors and, together with Arconic, the guarantors under the ABL Credit Agreement (see below). Each of the subsidiary guarantors will be released from their 2028 Notes guarantees upon the occurrence of certain events, including the release of such guarantor from its obligations as a guarantor under the ABL Credit Agreement. 
 The 2028 Notes indenture includes several customary affirmative covenants. Additionally, the 2028 Notes indenture contains several negative covenants, that, subject to certain exceptions, limit the Company s ability to, among other things, (i) make investments, loans, advances, guarantees, and acquisitions, (ii) pay dividends on or make other distributions in respect of capital stock and make other restricted payments and investments (as defined in the 2028 Notes), (iii) sell or transfer certain assets, and (iv) create liens on assets to secure debt. 
 The 2028 Notes rank equally in right of payment with all of Arconic s existing and future senior indebtedness, including the facility under the ABL Credit Agreement (see below); rank senior in right of payment to any future subordinated obligations of Arconic; and are effectively subordinated to Arconic s existing and future secured indebtedness that is secured on a first priority basis, including the 2025 Notes and the facility under the ABL Credit Agreement, to the extent of the value of property and assets securing such indebtedness. 
 2025 Notes Interest on the 2025 Notes is paid semi-annually in May and November and commenced November 15, 2020. 
 Arconic has the option to redeem the 2025 Notes on at least days, but not more than days, prior notice to the holders of the 2025 Notes under multiple scenarios, including, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time after May 14, 2022 at a redemption price specified in the indenture (up to of the principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest in each case). At any time prior to May 15, 2022, the Company may redeem all or a part of the notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes redeemed plus a make-whole redemption price determined as the greater of (1) of the principal amount of such notes and (2) the excess, if any, of (a) the present value at the date of redemption of (i) of the principal amount of such notes plus (ii) all required interest payments due on such notes (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the date of redemption) through May 15, 2022, computed using a discount rate equal to, generally, the yield to maturity of United States Treasury securities with a constant maturity as of the date of redemption plus basis points, over (b) the principal amount of such notes, as of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption. Also, at any time prior to May 15, 2022, Arconic may, on one or more occasions, redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date, with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings, if at least of the original aggregate principal amount of the notes remains outstanding immediately after such redemption and 
 95 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 days of the date of such equity offering. Additionally, the 2025 Notes are subject to repurchase upon the occurrence of a change in control repurchase event (as defined in the indenture) at a repurchase price in cash equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the 2025 Notes repurchased. 
 The 2025 Notes are senior secured obligations of Arconic and do not entitle the holders to any registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The Company does not intend to file a registration statement with respect to resales of or an exchange offer for the 2025 Notes. The 2025 Notes are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by Arconic and its subsidiaries that are guarantors (the subsidiary guarantors and, together with Arconic, the guarantors under the ABL Credit Agreement (see below). Each of the subsidiary guarantors will be released from their 2025 Notes guarantees upon the occurrence of certain events, including the release of such guarantor from its obligations as a guarantor under the ABL Credit Agreement. 
 The 2025 Notes indenture includes several customary affirmative covenants. Additionally, the 2025 Notes indenture contains several negative covenants, that, subject to certain exceptions, limit the Company s ability to, among other things, (i) pay dividends on or make other distributions in respect of capital stock and make other restricted payments and investments (as defined in the 2025 Notes), (ii) sell or transfer certain assets, (iii) incur indebtedness, and (iv) create liens on assets to secure debt. 
 The 2025 Notes are secured on a first priority basis by certain defined collateral (generally consisting of the Company s and the Guarantors equipment, material owned U.S. real property, intellectual property, certain stock, and other tangible and intangible personal property, in each case, subject to certain exceptions) and on a second priority basis by certain other assets (generally consisting of substantially all of the accounts receivable, inventory, deposit accounts, securities accounts, commodities accounts, and cash assets of the Company and the Guarantors, and the proceeds thereof). 
 ABL Credit Agreement Availability under the ABL Credit Facility is subject to a monthly borrowing base calculation, which, in general, is determined by applying a predetermined percentage to the amount of eligible accounts receivable and inventory, less customary reserves. As of December 31, 2022, the available balance was . 
 The ABL Credit Facility is scheduled to mature on May 13, 2025, unless extended or earlier terminated in accordance with the ABL Credit Agreement. Under the provision of the ABL Credit Agreement, Arconic will pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging from to (based on Arconic s leverage ratio) per annum on the unused portion of the ABL Credit Facility, which will be determined based on the Company s average daily utilization. The ABL Credit Facility was undrawn as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As referenced above (See 2022 Actions), the ABL Credit Agreement was amended on February 16, 2022 to replace the LIBOR-based floating interest rate with a term SOFR-based interest rate. The ABL Credit facility is now subject to an interest rate for U.S. dollar borrowings equal to an applicable margin plus, at the Company's option, of either (a) base rate ABR determined by reference to the highest of (1) Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch's prime rate, (2) the greater of the federal funds effective rate and the overnight bank funding rate, plus , and (3) the term SOFR-based interest rate for a one month interest period, plus per annum or (b) a term SOFR-based interest rate (which will not be less than per annum), plus a credit spread adjustment equal to , , or per annum for SOFR-based borrowings with interest periods of , , or , respectively. The applicable margin for the ABL Credit Facility is (a) to per annum for ABR loans and (b) per annum to per annum for SOFR loans based on the average daily excess availability (as defined under the ABL Credit Agreement). Accordingly, the interest rates for the ABL Credit Facility will fluctuate based on changes in the ABR, SOFR, and/or futures changes in the average daily excess availability. 
 Prior to February 16, 2022, the ABL Credit Facility was subject to an interest rate for U.S. dollar borrowings equal to an applicable margin plus, at the Company s option, of either (a) base rate ABR determined by reference to the highest of (1) Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch s prime rate, (2) the greater of the federal funds effective rate and the overnight bank funding rate, plus , and (3) the one month adjusted LIBO Rate, plus per annum or (b) an adjusted LIBO Rate (not less than per annum) LIBOR ). The applicable margin for the ABL Credit Facility through June 30, 2021 was (a) for ABR loans and (b) for LIBOR loans. Thereafter, the applicable margin for the ABL Credit Facility was (a) to per annum for ABR loans and (b) per annum to per annum for LIBOR loans based on the average daily excess availability (as defined under the ABL Credit Agreement). 
 All obligations under the ABL Credit Facility are unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by substantially all of the direct and indirect wholly-owned material subsidiaries of the Company that are organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, subject to certain exceptions (collectively, the Guarantors ). The Company and the Guarantors entered into a guarantee under the ABL Credit Agreement concurrently with the effectiveness of the ABL Credit Agreement. 
 96 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 of the lesser of (x) the aggregate amount of the commitments under the ABL Credit Facility and (y) the borrowing base and (b) . In such circumstances, until such time as excess availability shall have exceeded such threshold for at least consecutive days, the Company would be required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00. The ABL Credit Facility also requires the Company and its subsidiaries to maintain substantially all of the Company s cash in accounts that are subject to the control of the agent, which control becomes applicable when (a) an event of default under the facility occurs and is continuing until the first day thereafter on which no event of default shall exist or (b) excess availability is less than the greater of (i) of the lesser of (x) the aggregate amount of the commitments under the ABL Credit Facility and (y) the borrowing base or (ii) for five consecutive business days until the first day thereafter on which excess availability shall have exceeded such threshold for at least consecutive days. 
 The ABL Credit Facility contains customary events of default, including with respect to a failure to make payments thereunder, cross-default and cross-acceleration, certain bankruptcy and insolvency events, and customary change of control events. 
 
 R. 
 Income taxes, net of amount refunded 
 For all periods presented, both Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year and Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year includes Restricted cash of less than . 
 
 S. 
 . The transaction closed after the Company received all required approvals, resulting in the receipt of the cash consideration in exchange for all of Arconic s net assets in Russia. These net assets included of cash held in Russia that was not available for distribution to the parent com pany because of injunctions imposed as a result of litigation initiated in March 2020 by the Federal Antimonopoly Service of the Russian Federation (see Litigation in Note T . The legal form of the transaction was a stock sale of all of the Company s Russian subsidiaries. VSMPO-AVISMA Corporation owns a limited portion of one of these legal entities, which was reported as Noncontrolling interest in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements prior to consummation of the sale transaction. The decision to pursue a sale was the result of a strategic review of alternatives completed in May 2022 by management with respect to Arconic s Russian operati ons in consideration of the sanctions and other trade restrictions levied against Russia beginning in February 2022 and preliminary injunctions imposed on the Company s operations in Russia by the Federal Antimonopoly Service of the Russian Federation, which included a prohibition on the ability of Arconic s Russian subsidiaries to pay dividends to the parent company. In connection with this transaction, the Company recognized a loss of 306 after-tax), which was recorded in Restructuring and other charges (see Note E on the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Operations. The loss includes the write-off of goodwill of (see Note O ). 
 97 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Receivables from customers Inventories Properties, plants, and equipment, net Accounts payable, trade January 1, 2022 through November 14, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2021 Third-party sales 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 _____________________ 
 In both periods presented, Third-party sales includes aluminum products manufactured at the Company s plant in Russia and sold through Arconic s international selling company located in Hungary. 
 Prior to the sale transaction, the Company continued to conduct business in Russia to fulfill existing obligations in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, and international rules. Arconic s former operations in Russia were comprised of one principal location in Samara, which manufactured sheet, plate, extrusions, and forgings across all of the Company s end markets. The Samara facility continued to operate at relatively normal levels despite the imposition of sanctions and trade restrictions that limit a Russian entity s ability to exp ort goods, as Samara s operations primarily served customer demand within Russia. The Samara facility had approximately employees at the time of divestiture. 
 Arconic s former local Russian management team continued to operate the Samara facility through November 14, 2022 without undue influence imposed by any third-party, including the Russian government. Additionally, other than the prohibition on dividend payments to the parent company, the Company did not encounter any other significant constraints related to its control over the now former Russian subsidiaries. As a result, Arconic reported the financial results of its former Russian operations through November 14, 2022 in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and within Arconic s Rolled Products segment. Additionally, the Company did not record an impairment of long-lived or other assets in any prior financial reporting period given the relatively normal operating levels at Samara and lack of any triggering events in such periods. 
 Building and Construction Systems. On June 6, 2022, the Company announced that it is evaluating strategic options for the businesses that comprise the Building and Construction Systems segment, including exploring a sale of its architectural systems business (Kawneer brand). Subsequent to this announcement, Arconic initiated a sale process with respect to its architectural systems business, which has six principal locations in the United States, Canada, and Europe. Products manufactured under the Kawneer brand include windows, doors, and curtain walls. This business generated third-party sales of approximately in 2022 and had approximately employees as of December 31, 2022. 
 On August 2, 2022, the Company announced a pause in the sale process of this business due to current economic conditions, particularly uncertainty in the debt markets. This business will remain classified as held and in-use in Arconic's Consolidated Financial Statements and will continue to be reported within the Building and Construction Systems segment. 
 Itapissuma. On February 1, 2020, Arconic completed the sale of its aluminum rolling mill (aseptic foil and sheet products) in Itapissuma, Brazil to Companhia Brasileira de Alum nio for a net in cash. In December 2020, the Company paid in cash to Companhia Brasileira de Alum nio to settle certain working capital and other post-closing adjustments. Additionally, in June 2021, the Company paid in cash to Companhia Brasileira de Alum nio to settle the remaining working capital and other post-closing adjustments. Arconic has recognized a cumulative loss of (pretax) on this transaction, composed of the following: a charge of in 2019 for the non-cash impairment of the carrying value (i.e., write-down to fair value) of the rolling mill s net assets, primarily properties, plants, and equipment, as a result of entering into an agreement in August 2019 to sell this rolling mill; a charge of in February 2020 for further necessary adjustments upon completion of the divestiture; and a charge of in March 2021 for a then-proposed final settlement of the remaining post-closing adjustments and other items. Each of these amounts were recorded in Restructuring and other charges (see Note E on the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Operations in the respective reporting periods. This transaction is no longer subject to post-closing adjustments. Prior to the divestiture, this rolling mill s operating results and assets and liabilities were reported in Arconic s Rolled Products segment. The rolling mill generated third-party sales of in 2019 and, at the time of divestiture, had approximately employees. 
 98 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 in cash, resulting in a gain of (pretax), which was recorded in Restructuring and other charges (see Note E on the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Operations. The gain is net of a write-off of related goodwill. In May 2020, the Company received an additional in cash as a result of a post-closing adjustment, which was previously contemplated in the aforementioned gain. This transaction is no longer subject to post-closing adjustments. Prior to the divestiture, this plant s operating results and assets and liabilities were reported in Arconic s Extrusions segment. The extrusions plant generated third-party sales of in 2019 and, at the time of divestiture, had approximately employees. 
 Texarkana. In October 2018, Arconic sold its Texarkana (Texas) rolling mill and cast house, which had a combined net book value of , to Ta Chen International, Inc. for in cash plus additional contingent consideration of up to , of which 25 was received prior to 2020. The contingent consideration related to the achievement of various milestones associated with operationalizing the rolling mill equipment within months of the transaction closing date. In 2020, Arconic received the remaining contingent consideration of , which was recorded as a gain in Restructuring and other charges (see Note E on the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Operations. As of December 31, 2020, there was no remaining contingent consideration associated with this transaction. 
 
 T. 
 and (of which and , respectively, was classified as a current liability) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and reflects the most probable costs to remediate identified environmental conditions for which costs can be reasonably estimated. 
 In 2022, the remediation reserve was increased by due to a charge of (recorded in Cost of goods sold) for the Massena location (see below); a charge of (recorded in Cost of goods sold) related to the estimated costs of future operations, maintenance, and monitoring activities at several sites, including for a correction of an accrual (see Note A ); a charge of (recorded in Cost of goods sold) for the planned removal of polychlorinated biphenyls- (PCBs) contaminated soil from certain portions of a ditch that is adjacent to the Company s facility in Lafayette, Indiana under a previously issued corrective action order with the Indiana Department of Environmental Management (remediation to be completed over a -year period beginning in 2023); and a charge of (recorded in Restructuring and other charges see Note E to reflect an estimate of Arconic's share of newly-identified costs for additional remediation work, which is subject to review by Italy s Ministry of the Environment, related to a recently completed project at a former site where the Company is one of several responsible parties. 
 In 2021, the remediation reserve was reduced by due to a reversal of an liability (a credit was recorded in Cost of goods sold) previously established for the Massena location (see below) and a charge of (recorded in Restructuring and other charges see Note E for the assumption of a remediation obligation related to a legal settlement associated with a former operating site. Additionally, the change to the remediation reserve includes a charge of (recorded in Cost of goods sold) for other items including incremental estimated expenditures associated with active remediation systems and/or monitoring and inspection programs at several sites. 
 In 2020, the remediation reserve was reduced by due to the reversal of a liability (a credit was recorded in Restructuring and other charges see Note E previously established by ParentCo, as the underlying obligation no longer exists based on an assessment completed by Arconic management; a charge of (recorded in Restructuring and other charges see Note E to establish a liability related to the divestiture of a rolling mill in Brazil (see Note S ); and a charge of (recorded in 
 99 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which include expenditures currently mandated, as well as those not required by any regulatory authority or third party. The change in the reserve in 2022 and 2021 reflects a decrease of and for other items, respectively, and the change in the reserve in 2020 reflects both an increase of for obligations transferred from ParentCo on the Separation Date (see below) and a decrease of for other items. 
 The Separation and Distribution Agreement includes provisions for the assignment or allocation of environmental liabilities between Arconic and Howmet, including certain remediation obligations associated with environmental matters. In general, the respective parties are responsible for the environmental matters associated with their operations, and with the properties and other assets assigned to each. Additionally, the Separation and Distribution Agreement lists environmental matters with a shared responsibility between the two companies with an allocation of responsibility and the lead party responsible for management of each matter. For matters assigned to Arconic and Howmet under the Separation and Distribution Agreement, the companies have agreed to indemnify each other in whole or in part for environmental liabilities arising from operations prior to the Separation Date. 
 The following description provides details regarding the Company s largest reserve (next largest is ), which relates to one of Arconic s current operating locations. 
 Massena, NY Arconic has an ongoing remediation project related to the Grasse River, which is adjacent to the Company s Massena plant site. Many years ago, it was determined that sediments and fish in the river contain varying levels of PCBs. The project, which was selected by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in a Record of Decision issued in April 2013, was aimed at capping PCB contaminated sediments with concentration in excess of one part per million in the main channel of the river and dredging PCB contaminated sediments in the near-shore areas where total PCBs exceed one part per million. The EPA approved the final design phase of the project in March 2019. Following the EPA s approval, the actual remediation fieldwork commenced. In April 2020, the EPA approved an addendum to the final remedial design to address newly-identified matters, including river navigation issues, which resulted in changing the original remedy for a specific segment of the river to dredging from capping. The Company attained substantial completion of remedial construction activities on the Grasse River in September 2021. As a result, along with an assessment of anticipated remaining future costs, primarily for post-construction monitoring, the reserve was reduced by . 
 In March 2022, an ice jam event occurred in a section of the river where the cap was installed. The ice accumulation caused a blockage in the river that restricted flow, which resulted in high forces being placed on the bottom sediments as the river worked its way through the obstruction. Once the ice cleared and it was safe to enter the river, Arconic investigated and analyzed the cap for any damage. It was determined that portions of the cap were damaged and there was disturbance to the underlying sediments. As a result, over the next several months, the Company performed extensive environmental, geotechnical, and ice modeling investigations to support the preparation of a proposed plan to repair the damaged cap and contain the exposed sediment. These activities were completed in September 2022 and led to a completed design and estimated cost of for the proposed repair remedy, which included consideration of a temporary work stoppage due to the winter season extending the repair work into 2023 and the impact of cost inflation for labor and materials. Arconic s existing reserve included consideration of potential future cap repairs given the magnitude and nature of the previously completed remediation project. As a result, in 2022, the Company increased the reserve balance for this matter by for the incremental amount needed to cover the estimated cost of the proposed plan. On October 3, 2022, Arconic submitted an Analysis of Alternatives report to the EPA setting forth four potential remedies, including the Company s proposed plan. On December 22, 2022, at the EPA s request, Arconic submitted a revised Analysis of Alternatives report to address two additional repair remedies for a total of six potential alternatives. Arconic is now waiting on the EPA s response, but continues to maintain an active dialogue with the EPA, as well as other stakeholders, all in support of the EPA making a final decision, which the Company expects over the next several months. Arconic s proposed remedy is consistent with the Record of Decision issued for the original remediation project (see above). In advance of the EPA s decision, the Company performed a portion of the work associated with its proposed remedy in order to reduce the environmental risk associated with the exposed sediments. This work was completed by the end of November 2022. 
 As the project progresses, further changes to the reserve may be required due to factors such as, among others, the EPA s selection of a remedy that differs from Arconic s proposed plan, additional changes in other remedial requirements, increased site restoration costs, and incremental ongoing operation and maintenance costs. 
 100 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 and , respectively. Timing of expenditures is contingent on the EPA s decision with respect to the repair remedy and the subsequent mobilization of third-party contractors. 
 Litigation. 
 All references to ParentCo in the matters described under this section Litigation refer to Arconic Inc. only and do not include its subsidiaries, except as otherwise stated. 
 Federal Antimonopoly Service Of The Russian Federation Litigation The Federal Antimonopoly Service of the Russian Federation FAS filed a lawsuit on March 17, 2020 with the Arbitrazh (State Commercial) Court of Samara Region against of the Company s now former subsidiaries, Arconic Rus Investment Holdings LLC LLC ARIH and AlTi Forge Holding Sarl (the Arconic Russian Holding Companies ), naming Elliott Associates L.P., Elliott International L.P., and Elliot International Capital Advisors Inc. Elliott as third parties. Also named as interested parties are: Parent Co. and certain of its foreign subsidiaries; and Arconic Netherland B.V., the Company s subsidiary that previously directly and indirectly owned LLC ARIH, Arconic SMZ JSC and JSC AlTi Forge (the Arconic Russian Subsidiaries ). References in this disclosure to the Arconic Russian Holding Companies and/or the Arconic Russian Subsidiaries are applicable only through November 14, 2022. FAS alleges that Elliott indirectly acquired control over the former Arconic Russian Subsidiaries when, in May 2019, directors who had previously been nominated by Elliott and appointed or elected to Parent Co. s board of directors pursuant to certain settlement agreements among Parent Co. and Elliott constituted a majority of that board as a result of a reduction in the size of the board. FAS claims alleged non-compliance with Russian Federal Law No. 57-FZ, which governs foreign ownership of certain Russian companies and requires certain governmental approvals for a foreign investor to acquire control over strategically important Russian companies. On April 6, 2020, the Samara Court granted preliminary injunctions against the Arconic Russian Holding Companies prohibiting the taking of certain corporate governance actions, including with respect to: (i) the disposal of shares in the Arconic Russian Subsidiaries; and (ii) the making of certain decisions with respect to the Arconic Russian Subsidiaries, including decisions regarding the payment of dividends, placement of bonds, amendment of bylaws and internal documents, the appointment, change and compensation of the Arconic Russian Subsidiaries CEO, and the election of the Arconic Russian Subsidiaries board of directors. On April 29, 2020, the Arconic Russian Holding Companies simultaneously filed an appeal and motion to revoke the previously issued injunctions. Both the appeal and motion to revoke were denied. A hearing on the merits of the claim had been postponed several times, most recently until December 22, 2022. As a consequence of the alleged violation, FAS was seeking removal and exclusion of the Arconic Russian Holding Companies from the affairs of the Arconic Russian Subsidiaries, resulting in the deprivation of the benefits of their ownership interests in the Arconic Russian Subsidiaries, including the rights currently restricted in the preliminary injunctions granted on April 6, 2020. On November 15, 2022, the Company completed the sale of all of its operations in Russia to Promishlennie Investitsii LLC, the majority owner of VSMPO-AVISMA Corporation, (see Russia in Note S ). At a hearing on December 22, 2022, the Samara Court dismissed the litigation. 
 Reynobond PE On June 13, 2017, the Grenfell Tower in London, U.K. caught fire resulting in fatalities, injuries, and damage. A French subsidiary of Arconic Corporation (of ParentCo at that time), Arconic Architectural Products SAS (AAP SAS), supplied a product, Reynobond PE, to its customer, a cladding system fabricator, which used the product as one component of the overall cladding system on Grenfell Tower. The fabricator supplied its portion of the cladding system to the facade installer, who then completed and installed the system under the direction of the general contractor. Neither ParentCo nor AAP SAS was involved in the design or installation of the system used at the Grenfell Tower, nor did it have a role in any other aspect of the building s refurbishment or original design. Regulatory investigations into the overall Grenfell Tower matter are being conducted, including a criminal investigation by the London Metropolitan Police Service (the Police ), a Public Inquiry by the British government, and a consumer protection inquiry by a French public authority. The Public Inquiry was announced by the U.K. Prime Minister on June 15, 2017 and subsequently was authorized to examine the circumstances leading up to and surrounding the Grenfell Tower fire in order to make findings of fact and recommendations to the U.K. Government on matters such as the design, construction, and modification of the building, the role of relevant public authorities and contractors, the implications of the fire for the adequacy and enforcement of relevant regulations, arrangements in place for handling emergencies, and the handling of concerns from residents, among other things. Hearings for Phase 1 of the Public Inquiry began on May 21, 2018 and concluded on December 12, 2018. Phase 2 hearings of the Public Inquiry began in early 2020 and concluded in 2022, following which a final report will be written and subsequently published. As Phase 2 of the public inquiry concluded, the testimony supported AAP SAS s position that the choice of materials and the responsibility of ensuring compliance of the cladding system with relevant U.K. building code and regulations was with those individuals or entities who designed and installed the cladding system such as the architects, fabricators, contractors and building owners. The ongoing hearings in the U.K. have revealed serious doubts about whether these third parties had the necessary qualifications or expertise to carry out the refurbishment work at Grenfell Tower, adequately oversaw the process, conducted the required fire safety testing or analysis, or otherwise complied with their obligations under U.K. regulations. AAP SAS is participating as a Core Participant in the Public Inquiry and is also cooperating with the ongoing parallel investigation by the Police. Arconic 
 101 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 claimants represented by Birnberg Peirce Ltd filed suit against AAP SAS. 
 On June 12, 2020, claimants represented by Howe Co Solicitors filed suit against AAP SAS. 
 On June 26, 2020, claimants represented by Russell-Cooke LLP filed suit against AAP SAS. 
 On December 23, 2020, several additional suits were filed by claimant groups comprised of survivors and estates of decedents. These suits were all filed against the same group of defendants: AAP SAS, Arconic Corporation, Howmet Aerospace Inc., the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation Ltd, the London Fire Commissioner, the UK Home Office, The Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, Rydon Maintenance Ltd, Celotex Ltd, Saint-Gobain Construction Products UK Limited, Kingspan Insulation Limited, Kingspan Group PLC (suits have since been discontinued), Studio E Architects Ltd (In liquidation), Harley Facades Ltd, Harley Curtain Wall Limited (In liquidation), CEP Architectural Facades Ltd, Exova (U.K.) Ltd, CS Stokes Associates Ltd, Artelia Projects UK Limited (suits have since been discontinued), Whirlpool UK Appliances Limited, Whirlpool Company Polska Sp.z.o.o. and Whirlpool Corporation. These suits include as follows (represent preliminary best estimates of claimants in each suit): 
 claimants represented by Deighton Pierce Glynn; 
 (previously claimants represented by SMQ Legal Services; 
 (previously claimants represented by Scott Moncrieff; 
 (previously claimants represented by Saunders Law; 
 (previously claimants represented by Russell Cooke LLP. On March 29, 2022, Russell Cooke issued a further suit against the above-mentioned Defendants on behalf of Claimant. The suits issued by Russell Cooke were consolidated; 
 (previously claimants represented by Imran Khan Partners; 
 (previously claimants represented by Howe Co.; 
 (previously one hundred fourteen) claimants represented by Hodge Jones and Allen Solicitor. On March 29, 2022, Hodge Jones and Allen issued a further suit against the above-mentioned Defendants on behalf of (previously Claimants. The suits issued by Hodge Jones and Allen were consolidated; 
 (previously claimants represented by Hickman Rose; 
 (previously claimants represented by Duncan Lewis Solicitors; 
 (previously claimants represented by Birnberg Peirce; 
 (previously three hundred forty-one) claimants represented by Bindmans LLP. On March 31, 2022, Bindmans issued a further suit against the above-mentioned Defendants on behalf of Claimants. The suits issued by Bindmans were consolidated; 
 (previously claimants represented by Bhatt Murphy Ltd; and 
 (previously claimants represented by Slater Gordon. 
 Multiple claimant groups comprised of emergency responders who attended the Grenfell Tower fire have also filed claims against AAP SAS arising from that fire, including as follows: 
 102 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (previously firefighters represented by Thompsons Solicitors filed suit against AAP SAS, as well as the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation Ltd, Celotex Ltd, Exova (U.K.) Ltd, Rydon Maintenance Ltd, Studio E Architects Ltd, Harley Facades Ltd, CEP Architectural Facades Ltd, CS Stokes Associates Ltd, and the London Fire Commissioner. Since then, another (previously firefighters have sought to be added to the suit. 
 On June 12, 2020, (previously police officers represented by Penningtons Manches Cooper LLP filed suit against AAP SAS, as well as the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation Ltd, Celotex Ltd, Exova (U.K.) Ltd, Rydon Maintenance Ltd, Studio E Architects Ltd, Harley Facades Ltd, CEP Architectural Facades Ltd, CS Stokes Associates Ltd, London Fire Commissioner, and the Commissioner of the Police of the Metropolis. Since then, some claimants have withdrawn and others have sought to be added to the suit (currently claimants). 
 On June 12, 2020, firefighters represented by Pattinson and Brewer filed suit against AAP SAS, as well as the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation Ltd, Celotex Ltd, Exova (U.K.) Ltd, Rydon Maintenance Ltd, Studio E Architects Ltd, Harley Facades Ltd, CEP Architectural Facades Ltd, CS Stokes Associates Ltd, and the London Fire Commissioner. A third firefighter, also represented by Pattinson and Brewer, brought a claim against the same defendants on June 15, 2020. of the original firefighter claimants has now withdrawn from the suit. 
 On December 17, 2020, a claim was issued by the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea and the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation Ltd against: (1) Whirlpool Company Polska Spolka z Organiczona; and (2) AAP SAS. The Claimants seek damages in respect of their own losses and/or a contribution to the extent that they are found to be liable by the London High Court for any losses arising out of the Grenfell Tower fire on June 13, 2017. On March 29,2022, the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea and the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation Ltd sought permission to join two further Defendants to these proceedings, namely: (i) Whirlpool EMEA S.p.A.; and (ii) Whirlpool UK Appliances Limited. 
 All of these claims were filed in the High Court in London. On October 2, 2020, the High Court ordered that: (a) the suits of the survivors and estates of decedents that were issued in June 2020 be stayed until a hearing scheduled by the High Court for June 9-10, 2021; and (b) that the suits of emergency responders be stayed until a hearing scheduled by the High Court for July 7-8, 2021. The hearing scheduled for June 9-10, 2021 was subsequently vacated by the Court. 
 The above-mentioned suits brought by: (1) the survivors and estates of decedents; (2) the emergency responders; and (3) the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea for contributions, were heard together at a procedural hearing on July 7-8, 2021, before Senior Master Fontaine. At the hearing, the Senior Master made several directions for the future management of the Grenfell Tower litigation, including staying all suits against Arconic Corporation and its affiliates until the next directions hearing, which was held on April 26, 2022. On July 28, 2022, the Senior Master stayed the cases for another 12 months until the next case management conference, which will be scheduled on a date after April 27, 2023. 
 The stay is intended to allow Arconic Corporation, along with several other co-defendants to the above-mentioned litigations, to engage in discussions with the claimants' legal representatives in an attempt to reach a mutually agreeable settlement. The parties have agreed to overarching terms as to the form of Alternative Dispute Resolution that they are willing to participate in and discussions are ongoing. 
 These discussions have resulted in progress toward a settlement to resolve a substantial majority of the claims brought by the survivors and estates of decedents though it is not certain that such a settlement will be concluded. In preparation for a potential settlement, and based on anticipated contribution to a settlement offer, Arconic recorded a liability of for its share and a related receivable of for costs expected to be covered by insurance proceeds if settlement is concluded. Discussions with certain other claimant groups in the above-mentioned litigations are also ongoing though there is no certainty that such discussions will result in any settlement. 
 Other than the recorded liability related to the claims brought by the survivors and estates of decedents noted above, and given the preliminary nature of these matters and the uncertainty of litigation, Arconic cannot reasonably estimate at this time the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome or the possible loss or range of losses in the event of an unfavorable outcome in the above-referenced disputes. 
 Behrens et al. v. Arconic Inc. et al. On June 6, 2019, plaintiffs comprised of survivors and estates of decedents of the Grenfell Tower fire filed a complaint against Arconic Inc., Alcoa Inc., and Arconic Architectural Products, LLC (collectively, for purposes of the description of such proceeding, the ParentCo Defendants ), as well as Saint-Gobain Corporation, d/b/a Celotex and Whirlpool Corporation, in the Court of Common Pleas of Philadelphia County. The complaint alleges claims under 
 103 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 former ParentCo executives, several current and former ParentCo directors, and banks that acted as underwriters for ParentCo s September 18, 2014 preferred stock offering (the Preferred Offering ). The plaintiff in Sullivan had previously filed a purported class action against the same defendants on July 18, 2017 in the Southern District of New York and, on August 25, 2017, voluntarily dismissed that action without prejudice. On February 7, 2018, on motion from certain putative class members, the court consolidated Howard and Sullivan , closed Sullivan , and appointed lead plaintiffs in the consolidated case. On April 9, 2018, the lead plaintiffs in the consolidated purported class action filed a consolidated amended complaint. The consolidated amended complaint alleged that the registration statement for the Preferred Offering contained false and misleading statements and omitted to state material information, including by allegedly failing to disclose material uncertainties and trends resulting from sales of Reynobond PE for unsafe uses and by allegedly expressing a belief that appropriate risk management and compliance programs had been adopted while concealing the risks posed by Reynobond PE sales. The consolidated amended complaint also alleged that between November 4, 2013 and June 23, 2017 ParentCo and Kleinfeld made false and misleading statements and failed to disclose material information about ParentCo s commitment to safety, business and financial prospects, and the risks of the Reynobond PE product, including in ParentCo s Form 10-Ks for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2013, 2014, 2015, and 2016, its Form 10-Qs and quarterly financial press releases from the fourth quarter of 2013 through the first quarter of 2017, its 2013, 2014, 2015, and 2016 Annual Reports, its 2016 Annual Highlights Report, and on its official website. The consolidated amended complaint sought, among other things, unspecified compensatory damages and an award of attorney and expert fees and expenses. On June 8, 2018, all defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint for failure to state a claim. On June 21, 2019, the Court granted the defendants motion to dismiss in full, dismissing the consolidated amended complaint in its entirety without prejudice. On July 23, 2019, the lead plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint. The second amended complaint alleges generally the same claims as the consolidated amended complaint with certain additional allegations, as well as claims that the risk factors set forth in the registration statement for the Preferred Offering were inadequate and that certain additional statements in the sources identified above were misleading. The second amended complaint seeks, among other things, unspecified compensatory damages and an award of attorney and expert fees and expenses. On September 11, 2019, all defendants moved to dismiss the second amended complaint. Plaintiffs opposition to that motion was filed on November 1, 2019 and all defendants filed a reply brief on November 26, 2019. On June 22, 2020, counsel for Arconic Corporation and the individual defendants filed a letter apprising the Court of a recent decision by the Third Circuit and discussing its relevance to the pending motion to dismiss. Pursuant to an Order by the Court directing the plaintiffs to respond to this letter, the plaintiffs filed a letter response on July 9, 2020. On June 23, 2021, the Court granted in part and denied in part the defendants motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. The Court dismissed with prejudice plaintiffs claim against ParentCo, certain officers and directors and the underwriters based on the registration statement for the Preferred Offering, with the exception of one statement and only as to purchases made before October 23, 2015. In addition, plaintiffs 
 104 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 to , assuming Arconic s approach is approved. In 2022, the Company established a reserve of to cover future operating expenses associated with this proposed approach. Arconic is now in discussions with the IDNR concerning the feasibility study and the Company s proposed approach, following which Arconic is then required to submit a final report for approval. The consent order requires the Company to implement the approved remedy by November 1, 2028. Approval of a final remedy by the IDNR may result in additional expenditure and/or liability. 
 General. In addition to the matters described above, various other lawsuits, claims, and proceedings have been or may be instituted or asserted against Arconic, including those pertaining to environmental, product liability, safety and health, employment, tax, and antitrust matters. While the amounts claimed in these other matters may be substantial, the ultimate liability is not readily determinable because of the considerable uncertainties that exist. Accordingly, it is possible that the Company's liquidity or results of operations in a reporting period could be materially affected by one or more of these other matters. However, based on facts currently available, management believes that the disposition of these other matters that are pending or asserted will not have a material adverse effect, individually or in the aggregate, on the results of operations, financial position or cash flows of Arconic. 
 105 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026, in 2027, and thereafter as of December 31, 2022. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company entered into additional aluminum supply contracts totaling approximately , of which approximately , , and is expected to be purchased in 2023, 2024, and 2025, respectively. Additionally, through February 20, 2023, Arconic is currently negotiating terms for further aluminum supply contracts totaling approximately . 
 Operating Leases. See Note P for future minimum contractual obligations under long-term operating leases. 
 Guarantees, Letters of Credit, and Surety Bonds. 
 2023-2029 2023 2023-2024 Howmet Arconic 2023 2023 Alcoa Corporation Arconic Open term 2024 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Arconic has outstanding bank guarantees related to, among others, tax matters and customs duties. Furthermore, Alcoa Corporation has outstanding bank guarantees related to the Company. In the event Alcoa Corporation would be required to perform under any of these instruments, Alcoa Corporation would be indemnified by Arconic in accordance with the 2016 Separation and Distribution Agreement. 
 (2) Arconic has outstanding letters of credit primarily related to insurance, environmental, and lease obligations. Additionally, Howmet has outstanding letters of credit related to the Company. In the event Howmet would be required to perform under any of these instruments, Howmet would be indemnified by Arconic in accordance with the Separation and Distribution Agreement. 
 (3) Arconic has outstanding surety bonds primarily related to customs duties and environmental obligations. Additionally, Howmet has outstanding surety bonds related to the Company. In the event Howmet would be required to perform under any of these instruments, Howmet would be indemnified by Arconic in accordance with the Separation and Distribution Agreement. Furthermore, Alcoa Corporation has outstanding surety bonds related to the Company. In the event Alcoa Corporation would be required to perform under any of these instruments, Alcoa Corporation would be indemnified by Arconic in accordance with the 2016 Separation and Distribution Agreement. 
 In August 2012, ParentCo and the Iowa Finance Authority entered into a loan agreement for the proceeds from the issuance of in Midwestern Disaster Area Revenue Bonds Series 2012 due 2042 (the Bonds ). The Bonds were issued by the Iowa Finance Authority pursuant to the Heartland Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2008 for the purpose of financing all or part of the cost of acquiring, constructing, reconstructing, and renovating certain facilities (the Project at Arconic s rolling mill plant in Davenport, IA. In accordance with the Separation and Distribution Agreement, as well as a Second Supplemental Tax and Project Certificate and Agreement, dated March 31, 2020, to the Tax Exemption Certificate and Agreement, dated August 14, 2012, (collectively, the Tax Agreement ), ParentCo remained the borrower associated with the Bonds and Arconic is the legal owner of the Davenport facility, including the Project. The Company has no financial obligations related to the future debt service of the Bonds but is required to continue to operate, and maintain the location of, the Project in accordance with the Tax Agreement. 
 
 U. 
 106 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Hedging instruments and derivatives - assets Hedging instruments and derivatives - liabilities Long-term debt 
 The following methods were used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments: 
 Cash and cash equivalents and Short-term debt. The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of the instruments. The fair value amounts for Cash and cash equivalents were classified in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy and Short-term debt was classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Hedging instruments and derivatives. Arconic is exposed to certain risks relating to its ongoing business operations, including financial, market, political, and economic risks. Information regarding the Company's exposure to risks of changing commodity prices is described below. 
 Arconic's commodity and hedging activities are subject to the management, direction, and control of the Strategic Risk Management Committee (SRMC), which consists of at least three members, including the Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer. The remaining member(s) are other Arconic officers and/or employees as the chief executive officer may designate from time to time. Currently, the only other member of the SRMC is the Company's treasurer. The SRMC meets on a periodic basis to review hedging positions and strategy and reports to the Audit and Finance Committee of Arconic's Board of Directors on the scope of its activities. 
 The Company's hedging instruments are held for purposes other than trading. They are used primarily to mitigate uncertainty and volatility, and to cover underlying exposures. Specifically, these instruments hedge forward sale commitments for aluminum and forward purchase commitments for aluminum, natural gas, and certain alloying materials. Arconic is not involved in trading activities for energy, weather derivatives, or other nonexchange commodity trading activities. 
 The fair value of the Company's hedging instruments was based on quoted market prices (e.g., aluminum prices on the 10-year London Metal Exchange forward curve) and were classified in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Most of these instruments are comprised of those that were designated as cash flow hedges while the remainder are marked-to-market as they do not qualify for hedge accounting. 

107 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 kmt Alloying materials ) kmt Marked-to-market Aluminum kmt kmt Liabilities Cash flow hedges Aluminum ) kmt kmt Energy MMBtu MMBtu Alloying materials kmt kmt Marked-to-market Aluminum kmt kmt Energy MMBtu 
 _____________________ 
 The hedging instruments are classified as assets or liabilities based on the overall position of all instruments held with respective counterparties. 
 ) ) Energy ) Alloying materials ) ) ) Realized 
 Sales Aluminum ) Cost of goods sold Aluminum ) ) Energy ) Alloying materials ) ) ) _____________________ 
 In all periods presented, these amounts were reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss (see Note L ). 
 For hedging instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting, in 2022, the Company recognized an unrealized loss of and a realized gain of in Sales for aluminum, and an unrealized loss of and a realized gain of in Cost of goods sold for energy. Unrealized and realized impacts were not material in 2021 and 2020. 
 108 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 MMBtu). Additionally, in 2022, the Company recognized an unrealized gain of , in Cost of goods sold for these derivatives (see Note A ). 
 Long-term debt. The fair value was based on quoted market prices for public debt and were classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 V. 
 (increased in February from original amount of ). In 2022, the Company sold customer receivables and remitted cash to the financial institution both in the amount of . Of the total amount of customer receivables sold in 2022, were included in Receivables from customers on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. In December 2022, this arrangement was amended to provide for an automatic renewal each year unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of the underlying purchase agreement. 
 
 W. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Arconic s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the period covered by this report, and they have concluded that these controls and procedures are effective. 
 (b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting is included in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 (c) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The effectiveness of Arconic s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 109 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information regarding the Company s executive officers is included in Part I. Item 1. Business Information about our Executive Officers and is incorporated herein by reference. The other information required by this item will be included under the caption Corporate Governance in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 The Company s Code of Ethics, which applies to our CEO, CFO, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, is publicly available on the Company s Internet website at http://www.arconic.com under the section Investors Corporate Governance Governance and Policies. The Company intends to disclose any changes in, or waivers from, this Code of Ethics by posting such information on the same website or by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K, in each case to the extent such disclosure is required by SEC or New York Stock Exchange rules and regulations. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item will be included under the captions Corporate Governance, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Report of the Compensation and Benefits Committee and Executive Compensation in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item will be included under the caption Information Regarding Security Holders in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding the Company s equity compensation plans will be included under the caption Equity Compensation Plan Information in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item will be included under the caption Corporate Governance in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item will be included under the caption Principal Accountant Fees and Services" and "Report of the Audit and Finance Committee" in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules. 
 (a) The consolidated financial statements and exhibits listed below are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (1) The Company s consolidated financial statements, the notes thereto and the report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID are included in Part II. Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 110 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (2) Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits. 
 Reference is made to Item 15(b) below. 
 (b) Exhibits . The Exhibit Index, which immediately precedes the signature page, is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules . Reference is made to Item 15(a)(2) above. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 
 Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, by and between Arconic Inc. and Arconic Rolled Products Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 2.2 
 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, by and between Arconic Inc. and Arconic Rolled Products Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 2.3(a) 
 Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, by and between Arconic Inc. and Arconic Rolled Products Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 2.3(b) 
 First Amendment to Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2020, by and between Arconic Inc. and Arconic Rolled Products Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 10, 2020) 
 2.4 
 Patent Know-How and Trade Secret License Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, by and between Arconic Inc. and Arconic Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 2.5(a) 
 Patent Know-How and Trade Secret License Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, by and between Arconic Rolled Products Corporation and Arconic Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 2.5(b) 
 Amendment No. 1 to Patent Know-How and Trade Secret License Agreement, dated as of August 25, 2020, by and between Arconic Rolled Products Corporation and Arconic Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5(b) to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2022) 
 2.6 
 Trademark License Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, by and between Arconic Rolled Products Corporation and Arconic Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.6 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 2.7 
 Trademark License Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, by and between Arconic Inc. and Arconic Rolled Products Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.7 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 2.8 
 Master Agreement for Product Supply, dated as of March 31, 2020, by and between Arconic Massena LLC, Arconic Lafayette LLC, Arconic Davenport LLC and Arconic Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.8 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 2.9 
 Metal Supply Tolling Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2020, by and between Arconic-K f m Mill Products Hungary Kft and Arconic-K f m Kft, dated January 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.9 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020) 
 2.10 
 Use Agreement by and between Arconic-K f m Sz kesfeh rv ri K nny f mm Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g and Arconic-K f m Mill Products Hungary Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g, dated January 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.10 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020) 
 
 111 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.11 
 Land Use Right Agreement by and between Arconic-K f m Mill Products Hungary Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g and Arconic-K f m Sz kesfeh rv ri K nny f mm Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g, dated January 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.11 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020) 
 2.12 
 Service Level Agreement for Central Engineering and Maintenance by and between Arconic-K f m Kft and Arconic-K f m Mill Products Hungary Kft, dated January 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.12 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020) 
 2.13 
 Service Level Agreement for Energy, Steam and Water by and between Arconic-K f m Kft and Arconic-K f m Mill Products Hungary Kft, dated January 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.13 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020) 
 2.14 
 Land Use Right Agreement by and between Arconic-K f m Sz kesfeh rv ri K nny f mm Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g and Arconic-K f m Mill Products Hungary Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g, dated January 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.14 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020) 
 2.15(a) 
 Second Supplemental Tax and Project Certificate and Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, by and among Arconic Inc., Arconic Davenport LLC and Arconic Rolled Products Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.9 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 2.15(b) 
 Third Supplemental Tax and Project Certificate and Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2022, by and among Howmet Aerospace Inc., Arconic US LLC, Arconic Davenport LLC and Arconic Corporation 
 2.16 
 Lease and Property Management Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, by and between Arconic Inc. and Arconic Massena LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.10 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Arconic Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(b) to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Arconic Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2022) 
 4.1 
 Indenture for 6.000 First Lien Notes Due 2025, dated as of May 13, 2020, among Arconic Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, notes collateral agent, registrar, paying agent and authenticating agent (including Form of Note due 2025) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2020) 
 4.2(a) 
 Indenture for 6.125 Second Lien Notes Due 2028, dated as of February 7, 2020, among Arconic Rolled Products Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, notes collateral agent, registrar, paying agent and authenticating agent (including Form of Note due 2028) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 2 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on February 7, 2020) 
 4.2(b) 
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 30, 2020, among each subsidiary listed therein, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association, as second priority collateral agent, authenticating agent, registrar and paying agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 4.2(c) 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 3, 2021, among Arconic Corporation and each subsidiary listed therein, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association, as second priority collateral agent, authenticating agent, registrar and paying agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 3, 2021) 
 4.3 
 Description of Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 10.1(a) + 
 Arconic Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 10.1(b) + 
 Amended and Restated Arconic Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on May 20, 2021) 
 10.1(c) + 
 Arconic Corporation Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on Ma y 20, 2022 
 10.2 + 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Arconic Corporation and individual directors or officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10 filed on December 17, 2019) 
 10.3 
 United Company RUSAL Trading House Agreement for the Supply of Aluminum Products by and between United Company RUSAL Trading House and Arconic SMZ, dated December 27, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10 filed on December 17, 2019) 
 10.4(a) + 
 Arconic Corporation Deferred Fee Plan for Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 
 112 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.4(b) + 
 Arconic Corporation Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Plan for Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2020) 
 10.5(a) + 
 Arconic Corporation Annual Cash Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 10.5(b) + 
 Amended and Restated Arconic Corporation 2020 Annual Cash Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 21, 2021) 
 10.5(c) + 
 Amended and Restated Arconic Corporation 2020 Annual Cash Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2022) 
 10.6(a) + 
 Arconic Corporation Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 10.6(b) + 
 Arconic Corporation Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2020) 
 10.6(c) + 
 Arconic Corporation Amended Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, effective January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2021) 
 10.7 + 
 Employment Letter Agreement between Arconic Inc. and Timothy D. Myers, dated as of January 13, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 1 to the registrant's registration statement on Form 10 filed on January 22, 2020) 
 10.8 + 
 Employment Letter Agreement between Arconic Inc. and Erick R. Asmussen, dated as of January 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10 filed on February 7, 2020) 
 10.9 + 
 Employment Letter Agreement between Arconic Corporation and Daniel G. Fayock, dated as of March 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 3, 2022) 
 10.10(a) + 
 Arconic Corporation Change in Control Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 10.10(b) + 
 Arconic Corporation Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2022 
 10.11(a) + 
 Arconic Corporation Executive Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 10.11(b) + 
 Arconic Corporation Amended and Restated Executive Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2022) 
 10.12 + 
 Arconic Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10 filed on February 7, 2020) 
 10.13 + 
 Arconic Corporation Excess Plan C (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10 filed on February 7, 2020) 
 10.14 + 
 Arconic Corporation Legal Fee Reimbursement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 
 10.15(a) + 
 Terms and Conditions for Restricted Share Units for Annual Director Awards under the Arconic Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, effective April 8, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 10, 2020) 
 10.15(b) + 
 Terms and Conditions for Restricted Share Units for Annual Director Awards under the Arconic Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, effective January 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2020) 
 10.15(c) + 
 Terms and Conditions for Deferred Fee Restricted Share Units for Annual Director Awards under the Arconic Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, effective April 8, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 10, 2020) 
 10.15(d) + 
 Terms and Conditions for Deferred Fee Restricted Share Units for Annual Director Awards under the Arconic Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, effective January 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2020) 
 10.15(e) + 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Arconic Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, effective April 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2020) 
 10.15(f) + 
 Form of Special Retention Award Agreement pursuant to the Arconic Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, effective April 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2020) 
 10.15(g) + 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Arconic Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, effective February 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2021) 
 
 113 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.15(h) + 
 Form of Special Retention Award Agreement pursuant to the Arconic Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, effective February 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2021) 
 10.15(i) + 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Arconic Corporation Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, effective May 19, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2022) 
 10.15(j) + 
 Form of Special Retention Award Agreement pursuant to the Arconic Corporation Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, effective May 19, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2022) 
 10.15(k) + 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Arconic Corporation Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, effective March 1, 2023 
 10.15(l) + 
 Form of Special Retention Award Agreement pursuant to the Arconic Corporation Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, effective March 1, 2023 
 10.16 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2020, by and among Arconic Rolled Products Corporation, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2020) 
 10.17(a) 
 Credit Agreement, dated May 13, 2020, among Arconic Corporation, a syndicate of lenders named therein and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2020) 
 10.17(b) 
 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2022, among Arconic Corporation, the guarantors party thereto, a syndicate of lenders named therein and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022) 
 10.17(c) 
 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2022, among Arconic Corporation, the guarantors party thereto, a syndicate of lenders named therein and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022) 
 10.18 + 
 Employment Letter Agreement between Arconic Corporation and Diana B. Perreiah, dated as of August 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2022) 
 10.19 + 
 Employment Letter Agreement between Arconic Corporation and Robert L. Woodall, dated as of August 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2022) 
 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24 
 Power of Attorney of Directors of Arconic Corporation 
 31 
 Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL) ____________________ 
 Portions of the exhibit have been omitted to preserve confidentiality in compliance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

114 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 ARCONIC CORPORATION 
 February 21, 2023 
 By /s/ Mary E. Zik Mary E. Zik Vice President and Controller (Also signing as Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Timothy D. Myers February 21, 2023 
 Timothy D. Myers Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Erick R. Asmussen February 21, 2023 
 Erick R. Asmussen Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 William F. Austen, Christopher L. Ayers, Margaret S. Billson, Jacques Croisetiere, Elmer L. Doty, Carol S. Eicher, Frederick A. Henderson, Ellis A. Jones, E. Stanley O Neal, and Jeffrey Stafeil as Directors, on February 21, 2023, by Daniel G. Fayock, their attorney-in-fact. 
 By /s/ Daniel G. Fayock Daniel G. Fayock 
 
 115 

<EX-2.15(B)>
 2
 a2022exhibit215b.htm
 EX-2.15(B)

Document 

Exhibit 2.15(b) 
 Third Supplemental Tax and Project Certificate and Agreement 
 As of December 31, 2022 and effective as of 12 01 a.m. on January 1, 2023 
 The undersigned, on behalf of, respectively, Howmet Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), and Arconic US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Prospective Owner , and, solely with respect to Section 10 hereof, Arconic Corporation, a Delaware corporation Arconic Corp. ), acknowledge, agree, certify and represent as set forth below in this Third Supplemental Tax and Project Certificate and Agreement (this Third Supplement ). This Third Supplement supplements (i) the Tax Exemption Certificate and Agreement, dated August 14, 2012 (the Original Tax Agreement ), among the Iowa Finance Authority (the Issuer ), Arconic Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation (which was subsequently reincorporated as a Delaware corporation by means of a merger of the Pennsylvania corporation with a newly formed direct wholly owned subsidiary incorporated in Delaware) formerly known as Alcoa Inc., as original borrower (the Original Borrower ), and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ), and (ii) the Project Certificate, dated August 14, 2012 (the Original Project Certificate ), of the Original Borrower, each as previously supplemented by (a) the Supplemental Tax and Project Certificate, dated as of December 29, 2017 and effective December 31, 2017 (the First Supplement ), between the Original Borrower and the Borrower, and (b) the Second Supplemental Tax and Project Certificate and Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020 and effective as of April 1, 2020 (the Second Supplement ), among the Borrower (then named Arconic Inc. as of March 31, 2020), Arconic Davenport LLC (the Owner and Arconic Corp. (then named Arconic Rolled Products Corporation as of March 31, 2020). The Original Tax Agreement and the Original Project Certificate, each as supplemented by the First Supplement and the Second Supplement, are referred to herein together as the Tax Agreement . Capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Tax Agreement. 
 This Third Supplement is executed and delivered in connection with the anticipated merger of the Owner with and into the Prospective Owner (the Transaction ). 
 1. Authority. Each of the undersigned represents that it has full authority to make the statements contained in this Third Supplement on behalf of, respectively, the Borrower and the Prospective Owner. 
 2. Familiarity with Proceedings. The undersigned representative of the Borrower certifies that such undersigned is familiar with the proceedings taken preliminary to and in connection with the issuance by the Issuer of its Midwestern Disaster Area Revenue Bonds (Alcoa Inc. Project) Series 2012 in the aggregate principal amount of 250,000,000 (the Bonds and the execution and delivery of the Tax Agreement. The undersigned representative of the Borrower and the undersigned representative of the Prospective Owner each certifies that such undersigned is familiar with (a) the purposes of the Bonds and the purposes and uses of the Project and (b) the Transaction. The undersigned representative of the Prospective Owner has reviewed the Tax Agreement. 
 3. Delegation of Responsibility. The Borrower hereby delegates to the Prospective Owner the responsibility for operating all components of the Project in a manner and location consistent with the definition and description of the Project set forth in the Tax Agreement. Such delegation is effective on the earlier of the date that title to the Project transfers to the Prospective Owner and the date the Prospective Owner commences operation of the Project. The Prospective Owner hereby accepts such delegation and agrees to such commencement date. 

4. Continuing Application Notwithstanding Delegation. For the benefit of the Issuer and the registered owners of the Bonds from time to time, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that it remains responsible for complying or causing the Prospective Owner to comply with all provisions of the Tax Agreement notwithstanding the Transaction and the delegation described in Section 3 above. 
 5. Notification, Recordkeeping and Cooperation to Maintain Tax Status. The Prospective Owner agrees to provide written notice to the Borrower and the Trustee at least 90 days prior to (a) any change in ownership of any portion of the Project or (b) any change in the operation or location of any portion of the Project that is inconsistent with the description of the operation or location of the Project set forth in the Tax Agreement. The Borrower agrees to retain any such notices with its books and records for the Bonds for a period of not less than four years following the later of the final payment or redemption of the Bonds or any obligations issued or executed and delivered to refund the Bonds. The Borrower and the Prospective Owner agree that, in the event any change in ownership or operation of any portion of the Project causes or threatens to cause a violation of the agreements or covenants set forth in the Tax Agreement or otherwise threatens the continued status of the Bonds as tax-exempt obligations under Section 103 of the Code, the Borrower and the Prospective Owner will cooperate to take such actions as may be necessary in the opinion of Bond Counsel delivered to the Issuer and the Trustee to remediate such violation or adverse impact on the status of the Bonds. The Prospective Owner further agrees to cooperate with the Borrower, the Issuer and the Trustee in the event of an examination of the Bonds by the Internal Revenue Service or a ruling or closing agreement request made to the Internal Revenue Service, including but not limited to providing information concerning the location, ownership and use of any component of the Project and any Gross Proceeds relating to the Project (such as, for example, any Gross Proceeds from any sale or other disposition of any portion of the Project). 
 6. Indemnification. In addition to (but not in duplication of) its other indemnification obligations (if any) under the Separation and Distribution Agreement dated as of March 31, 2020 by and between Borrower and Arconic Corp. (the Separation and Distribution Agreement and or any other Ancillary Agreement (as defined in the Separation and Distribution Agreement), the Prospective Owner will pay, and will defend, indemnify and hold the Borrower, and its respective past, present and future members, officers, directors, employees, agents and any other person, if any, who controls the Borrower, as that term is defined in Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and each of the heirs, executors, successors and assigns of the foregoing (the Borrower and the other listed persons, collectively referred to as, the Indemnified Persons harmless from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, taxes, penalties, costs and expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses), causes of action, suits, proceedings, claims, demands, tax reviews and audits of the Internal Revenue Service, closing agreements with the Internal Revenue Service, investigations and judgments of whatsoever kind and nature (including, but not limited to, those arising or resulting from any injury to or death of any person or damage to property) arising from or in any manner directly or indirectly growing out of or connected with the following 
 (1) the use, non-use, condition or occupancy of the Project, including any repairs, construction, alterations, renovation, relocation, remodeling and equipping thereof or thereto or the condition of the Project including adjoining sidewalks, streets or alleys and any equipment or facilities at any time located on or connected with the Project or used in connection therewith but which are not the result of the gross negligence of the Borrower 
 (2) a violation of any agreement, warranty, covenant or condition of (i) the Loan Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2012, between the Issuer and the Borrower, as successor to the Original Borrower pursuant to the Assumption Agreement, dated 
 2 

as of December 29, 2017, between the Original Borrower and the Borrower, (ii) the Tax Agreement or (iii) any other agreement executed in connection with the issuance of the Bonds relating to the use, non-use or relocation of the Project (in each case, to the extent caused by any action or omission of the Prospective Owner or any of its subsidiaries or other affiliates) 
 (3) a violation by the Prospective Owner of any contract, agreement or restriction by the Prospective Owner relating to the Project (including this Third Supplement) 
 (4) a violation by the Prospective Owner or any of its subsidiaries or other affiliates of any law, ordinance, rule, regulation or court order affecting the Project or the ownership, occupancy or use thereof or 
 (5) a failure by the Prospective Owner or any of its subsidiaries or other affiliates to comply with any applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, any successor statutes thereto, the treasury regulations promulgated thereunder or pertinent provisions of other administrative pronouncements of the Internal Revenue Service or the United States Department of the Treasury relating to the use, non-use or relocation of the Project. 
 In case any claim is made or any action is brought against one or more of the Indemnified Persons in respect of which indemnity can be sought against the Prospective Owner pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the Indemnified Person seeking indemnity must promptly notify the Prospective Owner, in writing, and the Prospective Owner (a) must promptly assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel chosen by the Prospective Owner and approved by the Borrower (provided, that such approval by the Borrower may not be unreasonably withheld) and (b) must pay all expenses relating thereto. If any Indemnified Person is advised in a written opinion of counsel that there may be legal defenses available to such Indemnified Person which are adverse to or in conflict with those available to the Prospective Owner, or that the defense of such Indemnified Person should be handled by separate counsel, the Prospective Owner does not have the right to assume the defense of such Indemnified Person, but the Prospective Owner will be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel retained by such Indemnified Person in assuming its own defense, and provided also that, if the Prospective Owner has failed to assume the defense of such action or to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower within a reasonable time after notice of the commencement of such action, such Indemnified Person may assume the defense of such action and the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel retained by the Indemnified Person must be paid by the Prospective Owner. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any one or more of the Indemnified Persons has the right to employ separate counsel with respect to any such claim or in any such action and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel must be paid by such Indemnified Person unless the employment of such counsel has been consented to in writing by the Prospective Owner or unless the provisions of the immediately preceding sentence are applicable. Neither the Indemnified Person nor the Prospective Owner may settle or compromise any claim or action in respect of which indemnity is sought without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld, unless such settlement or compromise is solely for monetary damages that are fully payable by the settling or compromising party, does not involve any admission, finding or determination of wrongdoing or violation of law by the non-settling or non-compromising party and provides for a full, unconditional and irrevocable release of the non-settling or non-compromising party from all liability in connection with the claim or action. If any claim or action is settled with the consent of the Prospective Owner, or if there is a final judgment in favor of the third-party plaintiff in any such action with or without consent, the Prospective Owner agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Person from and against any loss, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. 
 3 

7. Status of the Project. The Borrower represents that the description of the Project set forth in the Tax Agreement was true, correct and complete as of March 31, 2020. The Borrower further represents that as of March 31, 2020, there had been no changes to the Project since the date the Bonds were issued on August 14, 2012 or since the date the Project was placed in service and that all of the components of the Project were at that time still located and operated exclusively in Scott County, Iowa. The Owner represents that the description of the Project set forth in the Tax Agreement is true, correct and complete in all material respects as of the date hereof. The Owner further represents that as of the date hereof, there have been no material changes to the Project since March 31, 2020 and that all of the components of the Project are still located and operated exclusively in Scott County, Iowa. The Owner and the Prospective Owner each represents that there will be no change to the location and operation of the Project as a result of the Transaction. 
 8. No Reissuance. The Borrower and the Prospective Owner each acknowledges that the Transaction is not intended to cause a reissuance, for federal income tax purposes, of the Bonds. The Borrower represents that it will remain the borrower under the Loan Agreement after the Transaction has been completed and that it is not assigning its responsibilities under the Loan Agreement (or any guarantees relating to the Bonds) to the Prospective Owner or to any other entity. As a result of the Transaction, there will be no substantial enhancement or impairment of the Borrower s capacity to meet the payment obligations under the Loan Agreement. The Borrower acknowledges that any modifications hereafter to any document relating to the Bonds may cause some or all of the Bonds to be reissued (and therefore deemed exchanged by the registered owners thereof) for federal income tax purposes. The Borrower covenants to provide the Issuer and the Trustee with an approving opinion of Bond Counsel prior to agreeing to any such amendments or other modifications to any of such documents. 
 9. Third Party Beneficiaries. The Issuer and the Trustee are hereby deemed third party beneficiaries of this Third Supplement. 
 10. Guarantee . Arconic Corp. hereby agrees to cause the Prospective Owner to perform all of its representations, warranties, covenants, obligations, agreements and undertakings made or required to be performed by the Prospective Owner under this Third Supplement. As a material inducement to the Borrower s willingness to enter into this Third Supplement and perform its obligations hereunder, Arconic Corp. (a) hereby unconditionally guarantees to the Borrower the full performance and payment by the Prospective Owner of each of its covenants, obligations and undertakings under this Third Supplement (such covenants, obligations and undertakings, the Guaranteed Obligations and (b) shall be liable for any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of the Prospective Owner under this Third Supplement. Arconic Corp. hereby represents, acknowledges and agrees that any breach of, or other failure to perform, any such representation, warranty, covenant, obligation, agreement or undertaking of the Prospective Owner shall also be deemed to be a breach or failure to perform by Arconic Corp., and the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable in its sole discretion, to pursue any and all available remedies it may have arising out of any such breach or nonperformance directly against either or both of Arconic Corp. and the Prospective Owner in the first instance. This is a guarantee of payment and performance and not collectability. Arconic Corp. hereby waives diligence, presentment, promptness, demand of performance, notice of acceptance of this guarantee, notice of non-performance, default, dishonor and protest, notice of any Guaranteed Obligations incurred, all defenses which may be available by virtue of any valuation, stay, moratorium law or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, all suretyship defenses, filing of any claim, any right to require any proceeding first against the Prospective Owner, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever in connection with the performance of its obligations set forth in this Third Supplement. Arconic Corp. agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations shall not be discharged except by complete performance or payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, as applicable, and that the obligations of Arconic Corp. hereunder shall 
 4 

not be released or discharged, in whole or in part, or otherwise affected by (i) the failure or delay on the part of the Borrower to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against the Prospective Owner or Arconic Corp. (ii) any change in the time, place or manner of payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any waiver, compromise, consolidation or other amendment or modification of any of the terms or provisions of this Third Supplement made in accordance with the terms thereof or any agreement evidencing, securing or otherwise executed in connection with any of the Guaranteed Obligations (iii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of Arconic Corp., Prospective Owner or any other person interested in the transactions contemplated by this Third Supplement or (iv) the adequacy of any other means Borrower may have of obtaining payment or performance related to any of the Guaranteed Obligations. If at any time payment or performance under this Third Supplement is rescinded or must be otherwise restored or returned by the Borrower upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Prospective Owner or Arconic Corp. or otherwise, Arconic Corp. s obligations hereunder with respect to such payment or performance shall be reinstated upon such restoration or return being made by the Borrower, all as though such payment had not been made. Arconic Corp. acknowledges that it will receive substantial direct and indirect benefits from the transactions contemplated by this Third Supplement. 
 Signature page follows 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Third Supplement as of the date first written above. 
 
 HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. 
 By s Paul Myron 
 Name Paul Myron 
 Title VP, Treasurer 
 ARCONIC US LLC 
 By s Marcelo Morgueta 
 Name Marcelo Morgueta 
 Title VP Finance and Treasurer 
 ARCONIC DAVENPORT LLC 
 By s Marcelo Morgueta 
 Name Marcelo Morgueta 
 Title VP Finance and Treasurer 
 ARCONIC CORPORATION (solely with respect to section 10) 
 By s Marcelo Morgueta 
 Name Marcelo Morgueta 
 Title VP Finance and Treasurer 
 
 Signature Page to Third Supplement 
 6 

</EX-2.15(B)>

<EX-4.3>
 3
 a2022exhibit43.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 
 Exhibit 4.3 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Following is a brief description of the common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of Arconic Corporation Arconic ), which is the only security of Arconic registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 
 The following description of Arconic s common stock is not, and does not purport to be, complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, Arconic s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Certificate of Incorporation and Arconic s Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to Arconic s Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is also a part, and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). Please review the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the DGCL for additional information. The following also summarizes certain relevant provisions of the DGCL. Since the terms of the DGCL are more detailed than the general information provided below, you should read the actual provisions of the DGCL for complete information. 
 
 General 
 
 Arconic s authorized capital stock consists of 150,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for Arconic s common stock is Computershare. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ARNC. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Holders of Arconic common stock are entitled to receive dividends as declared by Arconic s Board of Directors (the Board ). However, no dividend will be declared or paid on Arconic common stock until Arconic has paid (or declared and set aside funds for payment of) all dividends that have accrued on all classes of outstanding preferred stock, if any. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of Arconic common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters voted on by the stockholders, including the election of directors. Our common stock does not have cumulative voting rights. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Arconic, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payments to creditors and holders of preferred stock of amounts to which they are then entitled under the terms of any classes or series of preferred stock and Arconic s Certificate of Incorporation, plus any accrued dividends, Arconic s remaining assets will be divided among holders of Arconic common stock. Under the Certificate of Incorporation, the consolidation or merger of Arconic with or into any other corporation or corporations or share exchange or division involving Arconic in pursuance of applicable statutes providing for the consolidation, merger, share exchange or division shall not be deemed a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Arconic. 
 
 Preemptive or Other Subscription Rights 
 
 Holders of Arconic common stock do not have any preemptive right to subscribe for any securities of Arconic. 
 
 Conversion and Other Rights 
 
 No conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions apply to Arconic common stock, and Arconic common stock is not liable to further call or assessment by Arconic. 
 
 Limitation of Liability 
 
 Delaware law permits a corporation to adopt a provision in its certificate of incorporation eliminating or limiting, with exceptions, the monetary liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for breach of the director s fiduciary duties. Arconic s Certificate of Incorporation includes provisions that eliminate the liability of directors to Arconic and its stockholders for monetary damages for a breach of fiduciary duties as directors to the 

fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Under Delaware law, such a provision may not eliminate or limit a director s monetary liability for (i) breaches of the director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders (ii) acts or omissions not in good faith or involving intentional misconduct or knowing violation of law (iii) the payment of unlawful dividends or stock repurchases or redemptions or (iv) transactions in which the director received an improper personal benefit. 
 
 Certain Statutory and Charter Provisions 
 
 Certain provisions of Delaware law and Arconic s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may have certain anti-takeover effects and may delay, defer or prevent a change in control of Arconic 
 
 Business Combinations with Interested Stockholders 
 
 Under Section 203 of the DGCL, a Delaware corporation is generally prohibited from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for three years following the time that such person or entity becomes an interested stockholder, unless (i) prior to the time that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, (ii) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the outstanding voting stock, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares (A) owned by persons who are directors and also officers and (B) in employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer, or (iii) at or following the time that such stockholder become an interested stockholder, the board of directors and two-thirds of the shares (other than owned by the interested stockholder) approve the transaction. A corporation may opt out of Section 203 of the DGCL in its certificate of incorporation. Arconic has not opted out of, and is subject to, Section 203 of the DGCL. 
 
 Potential Issuances of Preferred Stock 
 
 Arconic s Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Board may authorize the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, from time to time, and in general may fix the designations, powers, rights, preferences, qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof. 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals 
 Arconic s Bylaws contains provisions that establish advance notice requirements for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or present other business for consideration at meetings of stockholders. 
 
 Proxy Access Nominations 
 
 Arconic s Bylaws permit an eligible stockholder or group of up to 20 stockholders who have owned 3 or more of Arconic s common stock for at least three years to nominate and include in Arconic s proxy statement director candidates to occupy up to the greater of two directors or 20 of the Board, provided that the stockholder has satisfied the notice and other requirements specified in the Bylaws. 
 
 Stockholder Action by Written Consent 
 
 Arconic s Bylaws provide that, subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock with respect to such series of preferred stock, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of Arconic at an annual or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of stock of Arconic having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of stock of the corporation entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 
 Arconic s Certificate of Incorporation provides that the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of Arconic, (ii) any action asserting a claim regarding a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director or officer or other employee of Arconic to the corporation or its stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against Arconic or any current or former director or officer or other employee of Arconic arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or Arconic s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, (iv) any action asserting a claim regarding Arconic that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, or (v) any action asserting an internal corporate claim pursuant to Section 115 of the DGCL, will be a state court located 
 2 

within the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the District of Delaware). This exclusive forum provision is intended to apply to claims arising under Delaware state law and would not apply to claims brought pursuant to the Exchange Act or Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 
 The above provisions of Delaware law and Arconic s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may have certain anti-takeover effects. 
 3 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.15(K)>
 4
 a2022exhibit1015k.htm
 EX-10.15(K)

Document 

Exhibit 10.15(k) 
 
 ARCONIC CORPORATION 
 2020 ARCONIC STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Grant Date _________, 20__ 
 
 The terms and conditions of this Global Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement, including Appendices A and B attached hereto, (the Award Agreement are authorized by the Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board. The Restricted Share Unit award is granted to the Participant under the Arconic Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated and as may be further amended from time to time (the Plan ). Terms that are defined in the Plan have the same meanings in the Award Agreement. 
 NOTE To avoid cancellation of the Restricted Share Unit award, the Participant must affirmatively accept the Award and the terms of this Award Agreement within 6 months of the grant date, as set forth in paragraph 30 of the Award Agreement. 
 General Terms and Conditions 
 1. The Restricted Share Units are subject to the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of the Award Agreement. If the Plan and the Award Agreement are inconsistent, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Interpretations of the Plan and the Award Agreement by the Committee are binding on the Participant and the Company. A Restricted Share Unit is an undertaking by the Company to issue the number of Shares indicated in the Participant s account at Fidelity NetBenefits website https nb.fidelity.com , subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions, except to the extent otherwise provided in the Plan or herein. 
 Vesting and Payment 
 2. The Restricted Share Unit award will vest ratably in one-third increments over a three-year period on the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date and will be paid to the Participant in Shares on each vesting date or within 90 days thereafter. 
 OR 
 2. The Restricted Share Unit award vests on the third anniversary date of the grant date and will be paid to the Participant in Shares on the vesting date or within 90 days thereafter. 
 3. Except as provided in paragraph 4, if a Participant s employment with the Company (including its Subsidiaries) is terminated before the Restricted Share Unit vests, the Award is forfeited and is automatically canceled. 
 4. The following are exceptions to the vesting rules 
 Death or Disability a Restricted Share Unit held by a Participant, who dies while an Employee or who is permanently and totally disabled while an Employee, is not forfeited but vests and is paid on the original stated vesting date set forth in paragraph 2. 
 
 A Participant is deemed to be permanently and totally disabled if the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be 
 406222780-v5 NA_DMS 

expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. A Participant shall not be considered to be permanently and totally disabled unless the Participant furnishes proof of the existence thereof in such form and manner, and at such times, as the Company may require. In the event of a dispute, the determination whether a Participant is permanently and totally disabled will be made by the Committee or its delegate. 
 Change in Control a Restricted Share Unit vests if a Replacement Award is not provided following certain Change in Control events, as described in the Plan. If the Change in Control qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(5), the vested Restricted Share Unit will be paid to the Participant within 30 days following the Change in Control. If the Change in Control does not so qualify, the vested Restricted Share Unit will be paid to the Participant on the original stated vesting date set forth in paragraph 2. 
 Termination Following Change in Control as further described in the Plan, if a Replacement Award is provided following a Change in Control, but within 24 months of such Change in Control the Participant s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Company s Change in Control Severance Plan) or by the Participant for Good Reason (as defined in the Company s Change in Control Severance Plan), the Replacement Award will vest and will be paid to the Participant on the original stated vested date set forth in paragraph 2. 
 Retirement a Restricted Share Unit is not forfeited if it is held by a Participant who retires at least 6 months after the grant date under a Company or Subsidiary plan (or if there is no Company or Subsidiary plan, a government retirement plan) in which the Participant is eligible for an immediate payment of a retirement benefit. In such event, the Restricted Share Unit vests and is paid in accordance with the original vesting schedule of the grant set forth in paragraph 2. Immediate commencement of a deferred vested pension benefit under a Company or Subsidiary retirement plan is not considered a retirement for these purposes. 
 Divestiture if a Restricted Share Unit is held by a Participant who is to be terminated from employment with the Company or a Subsidiary as a result of a divestiture of a business or a portion of a business of the Company and the Participant either becomes an employee of (or is leased or seconded to) the entity acquiring the business on the date of the closing, or the Participant is not offered employment with the entity acquiring the business and is terminated by the Company or a Subsidiary within 90 days of the closing of the sale, then, at the discretion of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the Restricted Share Unit will not be forfeited and will vest and be paid in accordance with the original vesting schedule set forth in paragraph 2. For purposes of this paragraph, employment by the entity acquiring the business includes employment by a subsidiary or affiliate of the entity acquiring the business and divestiture of a business means the sale of assets or stock resulting in the sale of a going concern. Divestiture of a business does not include a plant shut down or other termination of a business. 
 
 5. A Participant will receive one Share upon the vesting and settlement of a Restricted Share Unit. Prior to issuance of the Shares, the Participant has no voting rights or dividend rights. Dividend equivalents will accrue on the Restricted Share Units, unless the Committee determines that no dividend equivalents may be accrued or paid. Dividend equivalents that accrue on Restricted Share Units will be equal to the common stock dividend per Share payable on the Company s common stock multiplied by the number of Shares covered by the Restricted Share Unit 
 
 2 

Award. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, no dividends or dividend equivalents will be paid on Restricted Share Units that have not vested. 
 
 Taxes 
 6. All taxes required to be withheld under applicable tax laws in connection with a Restricted Share Unit must be paid by the Participant at the appropriate time under applicable tax laws. The Company may satisfy applicable tax withholding obligations by any of the means set forth in Section 15(l) of the Plan, but will generally withhold from the Shares to be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Share Unit that number of Shares with a fair market value on the vesting date equal to the taxes required to be withheld at the minimum required rates or, to the extent permitted under applicable accounting principles, at up to the maximum individual tax rate for the applicable tax jurisdiction, which include, for Participants subject to taxation in the United States, applicable income taxes, federal and state unemployment compensation taxes and FICA FUTA taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is subject to the short-swing profit rules of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Company will withhold Shares from the Shares to be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Share Unit, as described herein, and will not use the other means set forth in the Plan unless approved by the Committee or in the event that withholding in Shares is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences. Further, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may cause a portion of the Restricted Share Units to vest prior to the stated vesting date set forth in paragraph 2 in order to satisfy any Tax-Related Items that arise prior to the date of settlement of the Restricted Share Units provided that to the extent necessary to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A of the Code, the number of Restricted Share Units so accelerated and settled shall be with respect to a number of Shares with a value that does not exceed the liability for such Tax-Related Items. 
 Beneficiaries 
 7. If permitted by the Company, Participants will be entitled to designate one or more beneficiaries to receive all Restricted Share Units at the time of death of the Participant. All beneficiary designations must be made on the Fidelity Stock Plan Services Beneficiary Designation Form which is available on Fidelity NetBenefits website https nb.fidelity.com . 
 8. Beneficiary designations on the approved form will be effective at the time processed by Fidelity Investments. Any designation form previously filed by a Participant will be automatically revoked and superseded by a later-filed form. 
 9. A Participant will be entitled to designate any number of beneficiaries on the form, and the beneficiaries may be natural or corporate persons. 
 10. The failure of any Participant to obtain any recommended signature on the form will not prohibit the Company from treating such designation as valid and effective. No beneficiary will acquire any beneficial or other interest in any Restricted Share Unit prior to the death of the Participant who designated such beneficiary. 
 11. Unless the Participant indicates on the form that a named beneficiary is to receive Restricted Share Units only upon the prior death of another named beneficiary, all beneficiaries designated on the form will be entitled to share equally in the Restricted Share Units. Unless otherwise indicated, all such beneficiaries will have an equal, undivided interest in all such Restricted Share Units. 
 
 3 

12. Should a beneficiary die after the Participant but before the Restricted Share Unit is paid, such beneficiary s rights and interest in the Award will be transferable by the beneficiary s last will and testament or by the laws of descent and distribution. A named beneficiary who predeceases the Participant will obtain no rights or interest in a Restricted Share Unit, nor will any person claiming on behalf of such individual. Unless otherwise specifically indicated by the Participant on the beneficiary designation form, beneficiaries designated by class (such as children, grandchildren, etc.) will be deemed to refer to the members of the class living at the time of the Participant s death, and all members of the class will be deemed to take per capita . 
 13. If a Participant does not designate a beneficiary or if the Company does not permit a beneficiary designation, the Restricted Share Units at the time of death of the Participant will be paid to the Participant s legal heirs pursuant to the Participant s last will and testament or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 Adjustments 
 14. In the event of an Equity Restructuring, the Committee will equitably adjust the Restricted Share Unit as it deems appropriate to reflect the Equity Restructuring, which may include (i) adjusting the number and type of securities subject to the Restricted Share Unit and (ii) adjusting the terms and conditions of the Restricted Share Unit. The adjustments provided under this paragraph 14 will be nondiscretionary and final and binding on all interested parties, including the affected Participant and the Company provided that the Committee will determine whether an adjustment is equitable. 
 Repayment Forfeiture 
 15. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, pursuant to Section 15(e) of the Plan the Committee has full power and authority, to the extent permitted by governing law, to determine that the Restricted Share Unit will be canceled or suspended at any time prior to a Change in Control (i) if the Participant, without the consent of the Committee, while employed by the Company or a Subsidiary or after termination of such employment, becomes associated with, employed by, renders services to or owns any interest (other than an interest of up to 5 in a publicly traded company or any other non-substantial interest, as determined by the Committee) in any business that is in competition with the Company or any Subsidiary (ii) in the event of any willful conduct by the Participant which is, or might reasonably be expected to be, injurious to, or adverse to the best interests of, the Company or any Affiliate, monetarily, or otherwise, including, but not limited to, its reputation or standing in its industry (iii) in the event of the Participant s misconduct described in Section 15(f) of the Plan or (iv) in order to comply with applicable laws as described in Section 15(h) of the Plan. 
 Further, as an additional condition of receiving the Restricted Share Unit, the Participant agrees that the Restricted Share Unit and any benefits or proceeds the Participant may receive hereunder shall be subject to forfeiture and or repayment to the Company to the extent required (i) under the terms of the Company s Compensation Recovery Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, and Section 15(f) of the Plan, (ii) under the terms of any other recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Company to comply with applicable laws or with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines or other similar requirements, as such policy may be amended from time to time (and such requirements shall be deemed incorporated into the Award Agreement without the Participant s consent) or (iii) to comply with any requirements imposed under applicable laws and or the rules and regulations of the securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Shares are listed or quoted, including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. Further, if the Participant receives any amount in excess of what the Participant should have received under the terms of the Restricted Share Unit for any reason (including without limitation by reason of a financial 
 
 4 

restatement, mistake in calculations or administrative error), all as determined by the Committee, then the Participant shall be required to promptly repay any such excess amount to the Company. 
 Miscellaneous Provisions 
 16. Stock Exchange Requirements Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Award Agreement, no Shares issuable upon payment of the Restricted Share Units, and no certificate representing all or any part of such Shares, shall be issued or delivered if, in the opinion of counsel to the Company, such issuance or delivery would cause the Company to be in violation of, or to incur liability under, any securities law, or any rule, regulation or procedure of any U.S. national securities exchange upon which any securities of the Company are listed, or any listing agreement with any such securities exchange, or any other requirement of law or of any administrative or regulatory body having jurisdiction over the Company or a Subsidiary. 
 17. Non-Transferability. The Restricted Share Units are non-transferable and may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company provided, that, the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance. 
 18. Shareholder Rights. No person or entity shall be entitled to vote, receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of any Shares until the Restricted Share Unit shall have vested and been paid in the form of Shares in accordance with the provisions of the Award Agreement. 
 19. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the Award Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or five days after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to the Participant at the address maintained for the Participant in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 20. Severability and Judicial Modification . If any provision of the Award Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable under the applicable laws of any country, state, province, territory or other political subdivision or the Company elects not to enforce such restriction, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect and the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be modified only to the extent necessary to render that provision valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If the invalid or unenforceable provision cannot be, or is not, modified, that provision shall be severed from the Award Agreement and all other provisions shall remain valid and enforceable. 
 21. Successors. The Award Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns, on the one hand, and the Participant and his or her heirs, beneficiaries, legatees and personal representatives, on the other hand. 
 22. Appendices . Notwithstanding any provisions in the Award Agreement, for Participants residing and or working outside the United States, the Restricted Share Unit shall be subject to the additional terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A to the Award Agreement and to any special terms and conditions for the Participant s country set forth in Appendix B to the Award Agreement. Moreover, if the Participant relocates outside the United States or relocates between the countries included in Appendix B, the additional terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A and the special terms and conditions for such country set forth in Appendix B will apply to the Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendices constitute part of the Award Agreement. 
 
 5 

23. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Share Unit and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 24. Compliance with Code Section 409A . It is intended that the Restricted Share Right granted pursuant to the Award Agreement be compliant with Section 409A of the Code and the Award Agreement shall be interpreted, construed and operated to reflect this intent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Award Agreement and the Plan may be amended at any time, without the consent of any party, to the extent necessary or desirable to satisfy any of the requirements under Section 409A of the Code, but the Company shall not be under any obligation to make any such amendment. Further, the Company and its Subsidiaries do not make any representation to the Participant that the Restricted Share Right granted pursuant to the Award Agreement satisfies the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and the Company and its Subsidiaries will have no liability or other obligation to indemnify or hold harmless the Participant or any other party for any tax, additional tax, interest or penalties that the Participant or any other party may incur in the event that any provision of the Award Agreement or any amendment or modification thereof or any other action taken with respect thereto, is deemed to violate any of the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 25. Waiver . A waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of the Award Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of the Award Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by the Participant or any other Participant. 
 26. No Advice Regarding Award . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan, or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant s own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 27. Governing Law Dispute Resolution. The Restricted Share Unit and the provisions of the Award Agreement and all determinations made and actions taken thereunder, to the extent not otherwise governed by the laws of the United States, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, without reference to principles of conflict of laws, and construed accordingly. Any claim, dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with the Restricted Share Unit and the provisions of the Award Agreement, shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. All claims, disputes and controversies shall be submitted to the CPR Institute for Dispute Resolution CPR in accordance with the CPR s rules then in effect provided, however, that the evidentiary standards set forth in this Agreement shall apply. The claim, dispute or controversy shall be heard and decided by three (3) arbitrators selected from CPR s employment panel. The arbitrators decision shall be final and binding on all parties. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrators award in any court having jurisdiction. 
 28. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 29. Entire Agreement . The Award Agreement and the Plan embody the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and no promise, condition, representation or warranty, express or implied, not stated or incorporated by reference herein, shall bind either party hereto. 
 Acceptance of Award 
 
 6 

30. As permitted by Section 15(c) of the Plan, receipt of this Restricted Share Unit award is subject to the Participant s acceptance of the Award and the terms of this Award Agreement and the Plan through Fidelity NetBenefits website https nb.fidelity.com and or through such other procedures as may be required by the Company (Participant s Acceptance ). To avoid forfeiture of the Award, the Participant must provide such Acceptance within 6 months of the grant date of the Award. The date as of which the Participant s Restricted Share Unit award shall be forfeited, if the Participant has not provided such Acceptance, will generally be set forth in the Participant s account at Fidelity NetBenefits website. If the Participant does not provide Acceptance within this 6 month period, the Award will be cancelled in accordance with any administrative procedures adopted under the Plan. 
 Performance Feature 
 31. If the vesting of a Restricted Share Unit is subject to a performance condition, the following additional terms and conditions will apply to that Award 
 The Participant will have the right to receive from 0 to 200 of the number of Shares indicated on the grant date, based on achievement of performance goals established by the Committee for that Award. The performance period is three fiscal years of the Company. Attainment of performance goals for the three-year period will be determined or certified, as applicable, by the Committee on a date as soon as practicable following the end of the performance period (the Determination Date ). Notwithstanding paragraph 2 of the Award Agreement, the vesting date of the Award shall be the later of the date set forth in paragraph 2 and the Determination Date. To vest in the Award, the Participant must remain employed with the Company or a Subsidiary until such vesting date, except as otherwise set forth in paragraph 4. In any case, except where settlement of the Award is made upon a Change in Control within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(5), in no event will settlement of the Award occur outside of the time period set forth in paragraph 2. 
 In the event of termination of the Participant s employment with the Company (including its Subsidiaries) before the vesting of the Restricted Share Unit by reason of death, disability, retirement or divestiture, each as described in paragraph 4, settlement of the Restricted Share Unit will be based on the extent to which the performance goals established by the Committee have been attained following the end of the performance period. In the event of a Change in Control, the performance feature of the Award will cease to apply and the Award will be converted into a time-based award in accordance with the formula set forth in Section 12(a)(v) of the Plan. The vesting and settlement of such Award will then be governed in accordance with paragraph 4. 

7 

APPENDIX A 
 TO THE ARCONIC CORPORATION 
 2020 Stock Incentive Plan 
 Global Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement 
 For Non-U.S. Participants 
 
 This Appendix A contains additional (or, if so indicated, different) terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Share Units if the Participant resides and or works outside of the United States. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meanings assigned to them in the Plan and the Global Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ). 
 A. Termination . This provision supplements paragraph 3 of the Award Agreement. 
 The Company will determine when the Participant is no longer providing services for purposes of the Restricted Share Units (including whether the Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 B. Responsibility for Taxes . This provision replaces paragraph 6 of the Award Agreement (except if the Participant is subject to the short-swing profit rules of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). 
 The Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Subsidiary that employs the Participant (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of these Restricted Shares Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of Restricted Shares Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Restricted Share Unit and the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the Restricted Share Units or any aspect of the Restricted Share Units to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. The Participant shall not make any claim against the Company, the Employer or any other Subsidiary, or their respective board, officers or employees related to Tax-Related Items arising from this Award. Furthermore, if the Participant has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 In connection with any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (i) requiring a cash payment from the Participant (ii) withholding from the Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant by the Company and or the Employer, (iii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Restricted Share Units, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on the Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) (iv) withholding from the Shares subject to Restricted Share Units and or (v) any other method of withholding determined by the Company and permitted by applicable law. 
 A-1 

Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case the Participant may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (with no entitlement to the Share equivalent) or, if not refunded, the Participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, the Participant is deemed, for tax purposes, to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Shares Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Company and or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company and or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if the Participant fails to comply with his or her obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 C. Nature of Award. By accepting the Restricted Share Units, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 a. the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended, or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 b. this Award of Restricted Share Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future Restricted Share Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Share Units, even if Restricted Share Units have been granted in the past 
 c. all decisions with respect to future Restricted Share Units or other Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 d. this Award of Restricted Share Units and the Participant s participation in the Plan shall not create a right to, or be interpreted as forming or amending an employment or service contract with the Company and shall not interfere with the ability of the Employer to terminate the Participant s employment contract (if any) at any time 
 e. the Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 f. this Award of Restricted Share Units and the Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 g. this Award of Restricted Share Units and the Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, without limitation, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 h. the future value of the Shares subject to the Restricted Share Units is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 i. unless otherwise agreed with the Company, Restricted Share Units and the Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service the Participant may provide as a director of any Subsidiary 
 A-2 

j. no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of any portion of this Award of Restricted Share Units resulting from termination of the Participant s employment and or service relationship (for any reason whatsoever and regardless of whether later found to be invalid or in breach of applicable laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any) and or the application of any recoupment, recovery or clawback policy or procedure 
 k. unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, this Award of Restricted Share Units and the benefits under the Plan evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have this Award of Restricted Share Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares and 
 l. neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Subsidiary shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Share Units or of any amounts due to the Participant pursuant to the Restricted Share Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 D. Data Privacy. To participate in the Plan, the Participant will need to review the information provided in this paragraph and, where applicable, declare the Participant s consent to the processing of personal data by Arconic Corporation and third parties noted below. Acceptance of the Award shall constitute Participant s consent to the processing of personal data. 
 a. EEA+ Controller and Contact Information . If the Participant is based in the European Union EU ), the European Economic Area, Switzerland or, the United Kingdom (collectively EEA+ ), the Participant should note that Arconic Corporation, with its registered address at 201 Isabella Street, Suite 200, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212-5872, United States of America, is the controller responsible for the processing of the Participant s personal data in connection with the Award Agreement and the Plan. Questions about the processing of personal data can be made to the Arconic Privacy Office at privacy arconic.com . 
 b. Data Collection and Usage . In connection with the administration of the Plan, Arconic Corporation collects, processes, uses and transfers certain personally-identifiable information about the Participant, which may include the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, details of all Awards or any other awards granted, canceled, exercised, settled, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor and additional similar or related data, which Arconic Corporation receives from the Participant or the entity that employs the Participant Personal Data ). Specifically, Arconic Corporation collects, processes and uses Personal Data for the purposes of performing its contractual obligations under this Award Agreement, implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan and facilitating compliance with applicable tax and securities law. 
 If the Participant is based in the EEA+, the legal basis, where required, for the processing of Personal Data by Arconic Corporation is the necessity for Arconic Corporation to (i) perform its contractual obligations under this Agreement, (ii) comply with legal obligations established in the EEA+, and or (iii) pursue the legitimate interest of complying with legal obligations established outside of the EEA+. 
 If the Participant is based outside of the EEA+, the legal basis, where required, for the processing of Data by Arconic Corporation is the Participant s consent, as further described below. 
 A-3 

c. Plan Administration Service Providers . Arconic Corporation may transfer Personal Data to Fidelity or other independent service providers that assist Arconic Corporation with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan (the Plan Administrator ). The processing of Personal Data will take place through both electronic and non-electronic means. Personal Data will only be accessible by those individuals requiring access to it for purposes of implementing, administering and operating the Plan. 
 d. International Data Transfers . Arconic Corporation and the Plan Administrator are based in the United States. The country where the Participant lives may have different data privacy laws and protections than the United States. In particular, the United States does not have the same level of protections for personal data as countries in the EEA+. The European Commission requires U.S. companies to protect personal data leaving the EEA+ by certifying compliance with the EU-U.S. privacy shield program or implementing other safeguards such as the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the EU Commission. Arconic Corporation is certified under the EU-U.S. privacy shield program. 
 If the Participant is based in the EEA+, Personal Data will be transferred from the EEA+ to Arconic Corporation based on the certification under the EU-U.S. privacy shield program. Personal Data will be transferred onward from Arconic Corporation to the Plan Administrator based on the Participant s consent, as further described below. 
 If the Participant is based in a jurisdiction outside of the EEA+, Personal Data will be transferred from the Participant s jurisdiction to Arconic Corporation and onward from Arconic Corporation to the Plan Administrator based on the Participant s consent, as further described below. 
 e. Data Retention . Arconic Corporation will use Personal Data only as long as necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including tax and securities laws. When Arconic Corporation no longer needs Personal Data for any of these purposes, Arconic Corporation will remove it from its systems. 
 f. Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal . Participation in the Plan is voluntary and the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. The Participant may withdraw the Participant s consent at any time, with future effect and for any or no reason. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to withdraw the Participant s consent, the Participant s salary from or employment or service relationship with the Participant s employer will not be affected. The only consequence of denying or withdrawing consent is that Arconic Corporation would not be able to grant Awards to the Participant under the Plan or administer or maintain the Participant s participation in the Plan. If the Participant withdraws the Participant s consent, Arconic Corporation will stop processing the Participant s Personal Data for the purposes stated above unless to the extent necessary to comply with tax or other legal obligations in connection with Awards granted before the Participant withdrew the Participant s consent. 
 g. Data Subject Rights . The Participant may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in the Participant s jurisdiction. Subject to the conditions set out in the applicable law and depending on where the Participant is based, such rights may include the right to (i) request access to, or copies of, Personal Data processed by Arconic Corporation, (ii) rectification of incorrect Personal Data, (iii) deletion of Personal Data, (iv) restrict the processing of Personal Data, (v) object to the processing of Personal Data for legitimate interests, (vi) portability of Personal Data, (vii) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant s jurisdiction, and or to (viii) receive a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Personal Data. To receive clarification 
 A-4 

regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, the Participant can contact the Arconic Privacy Office at privacy arconic.com . 
 h. Necessary Disclosure of Personal Data . The Participant understands that providing Arconic Corporation with Personal Data is necessary for the performance of this Award Agreement and that the Participant s refusal to provide Personal Data would make it impossible for Arconic Corporation to perform its contractual obligations and would affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. 
 i. Declaration of Consent . By accepting the Participant s Award, the Participant is declaring that the Participant unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant s Personal Data, as described above and in any other grant materials, by and among, as applicable, the entity that employs the Participant, Arconic Corporation, any Subsidiary and any service provider involved in plan administration for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Arconic Privacy Office at privacy arconic.com . If the Participant does not consent or later seek to revoke the Participant s consent, the Participant s employment status or service with the entity that employs the Participant will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing consent is that Arconic Corporation would not be able to grant the Award or any other equity award to the Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing consent will affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant should contact privacy arconic.com . 
 E. Retirement . Notwithstanding paragraph 4 of the Award Agreement, if the Company receives an opinion of counsel that there has been a legal judgment and or legal development in the Participant s jurisdiction that would likely result in the favorable treatment applicable to the Restricted Share Units pursuant to paragraph 4 being deemed unlawful and or discriminatory, then the Company will not apply the favorable treatment at the time of the Participant s retirement, and the Restricted Share Units will be treated as set forth in the remaining provisions of paragraph 4 of the Award Agreement. 
 F. Language . The Participant acknowledges that he or she is sufficiently proficient in English or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English so as to understand the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement. Furthermore, if the Participant has received this Award Agreement, or any other document related to this Award of Restricted Share Units and or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 G. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . The Participant acknowledges that, depending on his or her country, the broker s country, or the country in which the Shares are listed, the Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, which may affect his or her ability to accept, acquire, sell, or attempt to sell or otherwise dispose of Shares or rights to Shares e.g., Restricted Share Units), or rights linked to the value of Shares, during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by applicable laws or regulations in the applicable jurisdictions, including the United States and the Participant s country). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before possessing inside information. Furthermore, the Participant may be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them to otherwise buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions 
 A-5 

that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. The Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and the Participant should consult his or her personal advisor on this matter. 
 H. Foreign Asset Account Reporting Requirements, Exchange Controls and Tax Requirements . The Participant acknowledges that his or her country may have certain foreign asset and or account reporting requirements and exchange controls which may affect his or her ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside his or her country. The Participant understands that he or she may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. The Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker and or within a certain time after receipt. The Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with all such requirements, and that the Participant should consult his or her personal legal and tax advisors, as applicable, to ensure the Participant s compliance. 
 
 A-6 

APPENDIX B 
 TO THE ARCONIC CORPORATION 
 2020 Stock Incentive Plan 
 Global Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement 
 For Non-U.S. Participants 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix B have the meanings set forth in the Plan and the Global Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ). 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix B includes special terms and conditions that govern Restricted Share Units if the Participant resides and or works in one of the countries listed below. 
 If the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the country in which the Participant is currently residing and or working, or if the Participant transfers to another country after the grant of Restricted Share Units or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Committee shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the special terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to the Participant. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix B also includes information regarding exchange controls, tax and certain other issues of which the Participant should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, tax and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of February 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that the Participant not rely on the information in this Appendix B as the only source of information relating to the consequences of participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Participant sells Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to the Participant s particular situation and the Company is not in a position to assure the Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, the Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in the Participant s country may apply to his or her situation. 
 Finally, if the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the country in which the Participant currently works and or resides, or if the Participant transfers to another country after the grant of the Restricted Share Unit, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to the Participant in the same manner. 

B-1 

BRAZIL 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Compliance with Law . By accepting the Restricted Share Units, the Participant acknowledges that he or she agrees to comply with all applicable Brazilian laws and to report and pay any and all applicable Tax-Related Items associated with his or her participation in the Plan, including the vesting and settlement of the Restricted Share Units, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 Labor Law Acknowledgement . By accepting the Restricted Share Units, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that he or she is (i) making an investment decision, (ii) the Shares will be issued to the Participant only if the vesting conditions are met, and (iii) the value of the underlying Shares is not fixed and may increase or decrease over the vesting period without compensation to the Participant. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . If the Participant is a resident or domiciled in Brazil, he or she will be required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets and rights is equal to or greater than US 1,000,000. Quarterly reporting is required if such amount exceeds US 100,000,000. Assets and rights that must be reported include Shares acquired under the Plan. The Participant should consult with his or her personal financial advisor for additional details. 
 Tax on Financial Transactions (IOF) . Repatriation of funds e.g. , the proceeds from the sale of Shares) into Brazil and the conversion of USD into BRL associated with such fund transfers may be subject to the IOF (tax on financial transactions). The Participant should consult with his or her personal tax advisor for additional details. 
 CANADA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Award Settled Only in Shares . Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan, the Award of Restricted Share Units shall be settled in Shares only. The Participant is not entitled to receive a cash payment pursuant to the Award. 
 Termination of Service . The following provision replaces paragraph A Termination of Appendix A 
 For purposes of the Restricted Share Units, the Participant s employment relationship will be considered terminated, and except where the Award Agreement expressly allows for vesting after termination of employment, the right (if any) to vest in the Restricted Share Units will terminate effective, as of the date that is the earliest of (i) the date the Participant s employment relationship with the Company, Employer, or any of its Subsidiaries is terminated, or (ii) the date the Participant receives written notice of termination from the Company or the Employer, regardless of any notice period or period of pay in lieu of such notice required under applicable employment law in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any. The Participant will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for that portion of time before the date on which the Participant s employment is terminated (as determined under this provision) nor will the Participant be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, the Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Share Unit 
 B-2 

award under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of the Participant s minimum statutory notice period, but the Participant will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of the statutory notice period, nor will the Participant be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 The Following Provisions Apply for Participants Resident in Quebec 
 Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . The following provision supplements paragraph D Data Privacy of Appendix A 
 The Participant hereby authorizes the Company or any Subsidiary, including the Employer, and any agents or representatives to (i) discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan, and (ii) disclose and discuss any and all information relevant to the Plan with their advisors. The Participant further authorizes the Company or any Subsidiary, including the Employer, and any agents or representatives to record such information and to keep such information in the Participant s employee file. If the Participant is a resident of Quebec, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that his or her personal information, including sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside of the province of Quebec, including to the United States. The Participant acknowledges and authorizes the Company and other parties involved in the administration of the Plan to use technology for profiling purposes and to make automated decisions that may have an impact on the Participant or the administration of the Plan. 
 French Language Documents . A French translation of the Award Agreement and the Plan will be made available to the Participant as soon as reasonably practicable. The Participant understands that, from time to time, additional information related to the offering of the Plan might be provided in English and such information may not be immediately available in French. However, upon request, the Company will translate into French documents related to the offering of the Plan as soon as reasonably practicable. 
 Documents en Fran ais . Une traduction fran aise du pr sent Contrat d Attribution et du Plan sera mise la disposition du Membre de l quipe d s que cela sera raisonnablement possible. Le Membre de l quipe comprend que, de temps autre, des informations suppl mentaires relatives l'offre du Plan peuvent tre fournies en anglais et que ces informations peuvent ne pas tre imm diatement disponibles en fran ais. Cependant, sur demande, la Soci t traduira en fran ais les documents relatifs l'offre du Plan d s que cela sera raisonnablement possible. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . The Participant is permitted to sell the Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed by the Company, if any, provided the sale of the Shares takes place outside Canada through facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are then listed i.e. , the NYSE). 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . Canadian residents are required to report to the tax authorities certain foreign property (included Restricted Share Units and Shares acquired under the Plan) on form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of the foreign property exceeds C 100,000 at any time in the year. The form must be filed by April 30 of the following year. The Restricted Share Units must be reported generally at a nil cost if the C 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because of other foreign property the Participant holds. If Shares are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the Shares. The ACB would normally equal the fair market value of the Shares at vesting, but if the Participant owns other Shares, this ACB may 
 B-3 

have to be averaged with the ACB of the other Shares. The Participant should consult with his or her personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 CHINA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The following terms and conditions will apply to Participants who are subject to exchange control restrictions and regulations in the People s Republic of China the PRC ), including the requirements imposed by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ), as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 Award Conditioned on Satisfaction of Regulatory Obligations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Award Agreement, settlement of the Restricted Share Units is conditioned on the Company s obtaining a registration of the Plan with SAFE and on the continued effectiveness of such registration (the SAFE Registration Requirement ). If, for any reason, the Company does not complete or maintain such registration, no Shares subject to the Restricted Shares Units for which a registration is not completed or maintained shall be issued. In this case, the Company retains the discretion to settle any Restricted Share Units for which the vesting conditions, but not the SAFE Registration Requirement, have been met in cash paid through local payroll in an amount equal to the market value of the Shares subject to the Restricted Share Units less any Tax-Related Items. 
 Shares Must Remain With Company s Designated Broker . To the extent that the Participant receives any Shares upon settlement of the Restricted Share Units, the Participant must hold such Shares with the Company s designated broker until the Shares are sold. The limitation shall apply to all Shares issued to the Participant under the Plan, whether or not the Participant remains employed with the Company or its Subsidiaries. 
 Forced Sale of Shares . To the extent that the Participant receives any Shares upon settlement of the Restricted Share Units, the Company has the discretion to arrange for the sale of such Shares either immediately upon settlement or at any time thereafter. In any event, if the Participant s employment is terminated, the Participant will be required to sell all Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Share Units within such time period as required by the Company in accordance with SAFE requirements. Any Shares remaining in the Participant s brokerage account at the end of this period shall be sold by the broker (on behalf of the Participant and the Participant hereby authorizes such sale). The Participant agrees to sign any additional agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated broker) to effectuate the sale of Shares (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds and other exchange control matters noted below) and shall otherwise cooperate with the Company with respect to such matters. The Participant acknowledges that neither the Company nor the designated broker is under any obligation to arrange for the sale of Shares at any particular price (it being understood that the sale will occur in the market) and that broker s fees and similar expenses may be incurred in any such sale. In any event, when the Shares are sold, the sale proceeds, less any tax withholding, any broker s fees or commissions, and any similar expenses of the sale will be remitted to the Participant in accordance with applicable exchange control laws and regulations. 
 Exchange Control Restrictions . To the extent that the Participant receives any Shares upon settlement of the Restricted Share Units, the Participant understands and agrees that the Participant will be required to immediately repatriate to China the proceeds from the sale of such Shares and any cash dividends paid on such Shares. The Participant further understands that such repatriation of proceeds may need to be effected through a special bank account established by the Company (or a Subsidiary), and the Participant hereby consents and agrees that any sale proceeds and cash dividends may be transferred to such special account by the Company (or a Subsidiary) on the 
 B-4 

Participant s behalf prior to being delivered to the Participant and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. 
 Any proceeds from the sale of Shares may be paid to the Participant in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid to the Participant in U.S. dollars, Participant understands that a U.S. dollar bank account in China must be established and maintained so that the proceeds may be deposited into such account. If the proceeds are paid to the Participant in local currency, the Participant acknowledges that the Company (or its Subsidiaries) are under no obligation to secure any particular exchange conversion rate and that the Company (or its Subsidiaries) may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions. The Participant agrees to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the Shares are sold and the net proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to the Participant. The Participant further agrees to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 
 Administration . The Company (or its Subsidiaries) shall not be liable for any costs, fees, lost interest or dividends or other losses that the Participant may incur or suffer resulting from the enforcement of the terms of this Appendix or otherwise from the Company s operation and enforcement of the Plan, the Award Agreement, the Award in accordance with any applicable laws, rules, regulations and requirements. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Chinese residents may be required to report to SAFE all details of their foreign financial assets and liabilities (including Shares acquired under the Plan), as well as details of any economic transactions conducted with non-Chinese residents. 
 FRANCE 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Language Consent . By accepting the Restricted Share Units and the Award Agreement, which provides for the terms and conditions of the Restricted Share Units, the Participant confirms having read and understood the documents relating to this Award (the Plan and the Award Agreement, including the Appendices) which were provided to the Participant in English. The Participant accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 En acceptant l Attribution d Actions Attribu es et ce Contrat d Attribution qui contient les termes et conditions des Actions Attribu es, le Participant confirme avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs cette attribution (le Plan et le Contrat d Attribution, ainsi que les Annexes) qui ont t transmis au Participant en langue anglaise. Le Participant accepte ainsi les conditions et termes de ces documents. 
 Notifications 
 Tax Information . The Restricted Share Units granted under this Award Agreement are not intended to qualify for special tax and social security treatment pursuant to Sections L. 225-197-1 to L. 225-197-5 and Sections L. 22-10-59 to L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code, as amended. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . French residents are required to report all foreign accounts (whether open, used and or closed) to the French tax authorities when filing their annual tax returns. Further, French residents with foreign account balances exceeding prescribed amounts may have additional monthly reporting 
 B-5 

requirements. The Participant should consult his or her personal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. Failure to complete this reporting triggers penalties for the resident. 
 GERMANY 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 must be reported to the German Federal Bank Bundesbank ). In case of payments in connection with securities (including proceeds realized upon the sale of Shares or the receipt of dividends), the report must be made by the 5th day of the month following the month in which the payment was received. The report may be filed electronically and the form of report Allgemeines Meldeportal Statistik can be accessed via the Bundesbank s website www.bundesbank.de in both German and English, or by such other means as permitted by the Bundesbank . In addition, the Participant may be required to report the acquisition of Shares under the Plan to the Bundesbank via email or telephone if the value of the Shares acquired exceeds 12,500. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . If the Participant s acquisition of Shares under the Plan leads to a so-called qualified participation at any point during the calendar year, the Participant will need to report the acquisition when he or she files a tax return for the relevant year. A qualified participation is attained if (i) the value of the Shares acquired exceeds 150,000, or (ii) in the unlikely event the Participant holds Shares exceeding 10 of the Company s total common stock. 
 HUNGARY 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 ITALY 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Plan Document Acknowledgment . By accepting the Award, the Participant acknowledges that he or she has received a copy of the Plan and the Award Agreement and has reviewed the Plan and the Award Agreement, including this Appendix B, in their entirety and fully understands and accepts all provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement, including this Appendix B. 
 The Participant further acknowledges that he or she has read and specifically and expressly approves the following paragraphs of the Award Agreement paragraph 27 Governing Law Dispute Resolution of the Award Agreement paragraph B Responsibility for Taxes ), paragraph C Nature of Award ), paragraph D Data Privacy ), and paragraph F Language of Appendix A to the Award Agreement. 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . If the Participant is an Italian resident and, at any time during the fiscal year, holds investments or financial assets outside of Italy e.g. , cash, Shares) which may generate income taxable in Italy, the Participant is required to report such investments or assets on his or her annual tax return (UNICO Form, RW Schedule) for the year during which the assets are held (or on a special form if no tax return is due). These reporting obligations will also apply to Italian residents who are the beneficial owners of financial assets out of Italy under Italian money laundering provisions. 
 B-6 

Foreign Asset Tax . The value of any Shares (and other financial assets) held outside Italy by individuals resident of Italy may be subject to a foreign asset tax. The taxable amount will be the fair market value of the financial assets e.g. , Shares) assessed at the end of the calendar year. The value of financial assets held abroad must be reported in Form RM of the annual return. The Participant should consult with his or her personal tax advisor for additional details. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Responsibility for Taxes . The following provisions supplement paragraph B Responsibility for Taxes of Appendix A 
 Without limitation to paragraph B Responsibility for Taxes of Appendix A, the Participant agrees that the Participant is liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax-Related Items as and when requested by the Company or the Employer or by HM Revenue & Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). The Participant also agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will have to pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on the Participant s behalf. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is a Director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934), the Participant may not be able to indemnify the Company or the Employer for the amount of any income tax not collected from or paid by the Participant within ninety (90) days of the end of the U.K. tax year in which an event giving rise to the Tax-Related Items occurs, as it may be considered a loan. In this case, the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to the Participant on which additional income tax and employee National Insurance contributions NICs may be payable. The Participant agrees to report and pay any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and to pay the Company or the Employer, as applicable, for the value of the employee NICs due on this additional benefit by any of the means referred to in the Award Agreement, including the Appendices. 
 B-7 

</EX-10.15(K)>

<EX-10.15(L)>
 5
 a2022exhibit1015l.htm
 EX-10.15(L)

Document 

Exhibit 10.15(l) 
 
 ARCONIC CORPORATION 
 SPECIAL RETENTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Grant Date _________, 20___ 
 
 The terms and conditions of this Global Special Retention Award Agreement, including Appendices A and B attached hereto, (the Award Agreement are authorized by the Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board. The special retention award Special Retention Award is granted to the Participant under the Arconic Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated and as may be further amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 Terms that are defined in the Plan have the same meanings in the Award Agreement. 
 NOTE To avoid cancellation of the Special Retention Award, the Participant must affirmatively accept the Award and the terms of this Award Agreement within 6 months of the grant date, as set forth in paragraph 30 of the Award Agreement. 
 General Terms and Conditions 
 1. The Special Retention Awards are subject to the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of the Award Agreement. If the Plan and the Award Agreement are inconsistent, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Interpretations of the Plan and the Award Agreement by the Committee are binding on the Participant and the Company. A Special Retention Award is an undertaking by the Company to issue the number of Shares indicated in the notice of the Special Retention Award on the date the Special Retention Award vests, subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions, except to the extent otherwise provided in the Plan or herein. 
 Vesting and Payment 
 2. The Special Retention Award vests on the third anniversary date of the grant date, and will be paid to the Participant in Shares on the vesting date or within 90 days thereafter. 
 3. As a condition to a Special Retention Award vesting, a Participant must remain an active employee of the Company or a Subsidiary through the date of vesting. Except as provided in paragraph 5, if a Participant s employment with the Company (including its Subsidiaries) is terminated prior to the vesting date of the Special Retention Award, the Special Retention Award is forfeited and is automatically canceled. 
 4. Special Retention Awards will be paid by the issuance to the Participant of Shares covered by the Special Retention Award. Prior to issuance of the Shares, the Participant has no voting rights or dividend rights. Dividend equivalents will accrue on Special Retention Awards, unless the Committee determines that no dividend equivalents may be accrued or paid. Dividend equivalents that accrue on Special Retention Awards will be equal to the common stock dividend per Share payable on the Company s common stock multiplied by the number of Shares covered by the Special Retention Award. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, no dividends or dividend equivalents will be paid on Special Retention Awards that have not vested. 
 5. The following are exceptions to the vesting rules 
 Involuntary Termination without Cause An unvested Special Retention Award held by a Participant who is involuntarily terminated without Cause (as defined below) from employment with the Company or a Subsidiary during the vesting period is not forfeited in whole but only in part upon termination of employment. The portion of the Special Retention Award that is not forfeited vests on the original stated vesting date set forth in paragraph 2 and is calculated based on a proportionate share of the time during the vesting period that the Participant remained actively employed with the Company or a Subsidiary, with the remaining portion being automatically forfeited. The proportionate share is computed on the basis of the actual number of days actively employed after the date of grant over a total vesting period of three years of 365 days each (or a total vesting period of 1,095 days), with any fractional share amount rounded down to the nearest whole Share. For example, a Participant who is involuntarily terminated without Cause from employment with the 

Company (or a Subsidiary) at the end of the first year of the three-year vesting period will receive one-third of the Shares upon vesting, with the remaining two-thirds of the Shares being automatically forfeited upon termination. 
 For this purpose, Cause means (i) the willful failure by the Participant to perform the Participant s material duties with the Company or the Subsidiary that employs the Participant (the Employer ), or to comply with the material lawful directives of the Company or the Employer, that has not been cured within thirty (30) days after a written demand for performance is delivered to the Participant by the Company, unless the Company determines in its discretion that the failure is not capable of cure (ii) any willful conduct by the Participant which is injurious to, or adverse to the best interests of, the Company or any Affiliate, monetarily, or otherwise, including, but not limited to, its reputation or standing in its industry (iii) any act or acts of fraud, misappropriation, theft or embezzlement on the Participant s part which result in or are intended to result in the Participant s or another s personal enrichment at the expense of the Company or its Affiliates (iv) the Participant s conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony under the laws of the United States or any state or comparable crime under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United States or the Participant s conviction of any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude or (v) the Participant s material failure to abide by the Company s Code of Conduct or other policies governing the conduct of employees of the Company, and, as applicable, any Affiliate. No act, or failure to act on the part of the Participant, shall be deemed willful unless done, or omitted to be done, by the Participant not in good faith and without reasonable belief that the Participant's act, or failure to act, was in the best interest of the Company or an Affiliate. 
 Death or Disability An unvested Special Retention Award held by a Participant, who dies while an employee or who is permanently and totally disabled while an employee, is not forfeited but vests on the original stated vesting date set forth in paragraph 2. 
 A Participant is deemed to be permanently and totally disabled if the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. A Participant shall not be considered to be permanently and totally disabled unless the Participant furnishes proof of the existence thereof in such form and manner, and at such times, as the Company may require. In the event of a dispute, the determination whether a Participant is permanently and totally disabled will be made by the Committee or its delegate. 
 Change in Control A Special Retention Award vests if a Replacement Award is not provided following certain Change in Control events, as described in the Plan. If the Change in Control qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(5), the vested Special Retention Award will be paid to the Participant within 30 days following the Change in Control. If the Change in Control does not so qualify, the vested Special Retention Award will be paid to the Participant on the original stated vesting date set forth in paragraph 2. 
 Termination Following Change in Control As further described in the Plan, if a Replacement Award is provided following a Change in Control, but within 24 months of such Change in Control the Participant s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Company s Change in Control Severance Plan) or by the Participant for Good Reason (as defined in the Company s Change in Control Severance Plan), the Replacement Award will vest and will be paid to the Participant on the original stated vesting date set forth in paragraph 2. 
 Taxes 
 6. All taxes required to be withheld under applicable tax laws in connection with a Special Retention Award must be paid by the Participant at the appropriate time under applicable tax laws. The Company may satisfy applicable tax withholding obligations by any of the means set forth in Section 15(l) of the Plan, but will generally withhold from the Shares to be issued upon settlement of the Special Retention Award that number of Shares with a fair market value on the vesting date equal to the taxes required to be withheld at the minimum required rates or, to the extent permitted under applicable accounting principles, at up to the maximum individual tax rate for the applicable tax jurisdiction, which include, for Participants subject to taxation in the United States, applicable income taxes, federal and state 
 2 

unemployment compensation taxes and FICA FUTA taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is subject to the short-swing profit rules of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Company will withhold Shares from the Shares to be issued upon settlement of the Special Retention Award, as described herein, and will not use the other means set forth in the Plan unless pursuant to an election by the Participant or in the event that withholding in Shares is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences. Further, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may cause a portion of the Special Retention Award to vest prior to the stated vesting date set forth in paragraph 2 in order to satisfy any Tax-Related Items that arise prior to the date of settlement of the Special Retention Award provided that to the extent necessary to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A of the Code, the portion of the Special Retention Award so accelerated and settled shall be with respect to a number of Shares with a value that does not exceed the liability for such Tax-Related Items. 
 Beneficiaries 
 7. If permitted by the Company, Participants will be entitled to designate one or more beneficiaries to receive all Special Retention Awards at the time of death of the Participant. All beneficiary designations must be made on the Fidelity Stock Plan Services Beneficiary Designation Form which is available on Fidelity NetBenefits website https nb.fidelity.com . 
 8. Beneficiary designations on the approved form will be effective at the time processed by Fidelity Investments. Any designation form previously filed by a Participant will be automatically revoked and superseded by a later-filed form. 
 9. A Participant will be entitled to designate any number of beneficiaries on the form, and the beneficiaries may be natural or corporate persons. 
 10. The failure of any Participant to obtain any recommended signature on the form will not prohibit the Company from treating such designation as valid and effective. No beneficiary will acquire any beneficial or other interest in any Special Retention Award prior to the death of the Participant who designated such beneficiary. 
 11. Unless the Participant indicates on the form that a named beneficiary is to receive Special Retention Awards only upon the prior death of another named beneficiary, all beneficiaries designated on the form will be entitled to share equally in the Special Retention Awards. Unless otherwise indicated, all such beneficiaries will have an equal, undivided interest in all such Special Retention Awards. 
 12. Should a beneficiary die after the Participant but before the Special Retention Award is paid, such beneficiary s rights and interest in the Special Retention Award will be transferable by the beneficiary s last will and testament or by the laws of descent and distribution. A named beneficiary who predeceases the Participant will obtain no rights or interest in a Special Retention Award, nor will any person claiming on behalf of such individual. Unless otherwise specifically indicated by the Participant on the beneficiary designation form, beneficiaries designated by class (such as children, grandchildren, etc.) will be deemed to refer to the members of the class living at the time of the Participant s death, and all members of the class will be deemed to take per capita . 
 13. If a Participant does not designate a beneficiary or if the Company does not permit a beneficiary designation, the Special Retention Award at the time of death of the Participant will be paid to the Participant s legal heirs pursuant to the Participant s last will and testament or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 Adjustments 
 14. In the event of an Equity Restructuring, the Committee will equitably adjust the Special Retention Award as it deems appropriate to reflect the Equity Restructuring, which may include (i) adjusting the number and type of securities subject to the Special Retention Award and (ii) adjusting the terms and conditions of the Special Retention Award. The adjustments provided under this paragraph 14 will be nondiscretionary and final and binding on all interested parties, including the affected Participant and the Company provided that the Committee will determine whether an adjustment is equitable. 
 
 3 

Repayment Forfeiture 
 
 15. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, pursuant to Section 15(e) of the Plan the Committee has full power and authority, to the extent permitted by governing law, to determine that the Special Retention Award will be canceled or suspended at any time prior to a Change in Control (i) if the Participant, without the consent of the Committee, while employed by the Company or a Subsidiary or after termination of such employment, becomes associated with, employed by, renders services to or owns any interest (other than an interest of up to 5 in a publicly traded company or any other nonsubstantial interest, as determined by the Committee) in any business that is in competition with the Company or any Subsidiary (ii) in the event of any willful conduct by the Participant which is, or might reasonably be expected to be, injurious to the Company or any Affiliate, monetarily or otherwise, including, but not limited to, its reputation or standing in its industry (iii) in the event of the Participant s misconduct described in Section 15(f) of the Plan or (iv) in order to comply with applicable laws as described in Section 15(h) of the Plan. 
 Further, as an additional condition of receiving the Special Retention Award, the Participant agrees that the Special Retention Award and any benefits or proceeds the Participant may receive hereunder shall be subject to forfeiture and or repayment to the Company to the extent required (i) under the terms of the Company s Compensation Recovery Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, and Section 15(f) of the Plan, (ii) under the terms of any other recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Company to comply with applicable laws or with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines or other similar requirements, as such policy may be amended from time to time (and such requirements shall be deemed incorporated into the Award Agreement without the Participant s consent) or (iii) to comply with any requirements imposed under applicable laws and or the rules and regulations of the securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Shares are listed or quoted, including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. Further, if the Participant receives any amount in excess of what the Participant should have received under the terms of the Special Retention Award for any reason (including without limitation by reason of a financial restatement, mistake in calculations or administrative error), all as determined by the Committee, then the Participant shall be required to promptly repay any such excess amount to the Company. 
 Miscellaneous Provisions 
 16. Stock Exchange Requirements Applicable Laws . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Award Agreement, no Shares issuable upon payment of the Special Retention Awards, and no certificate representing all or any part of such Shares, shall be issued or delivered if, in the opinion of counsel to the Company, such issuance or delivery would cause the Company to be in violation of, or to incur liability under, any securities law, or any rule, regulation or procedure of any U.S. national securities exchange upon which any securities of the Company are listed, or any listing agreement with any such securities exchange, or any other requirement of law or of any administrative or regulatory body having jurisdiction over the Company or a Subsidiary. 
 17. Non-Transferability. The Special Retention Award is non-transferable and may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company provided, that, the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance. 
 18. Shareholder Rights . No person or entity shall be entitled to vote, receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of any Shares until the Special Retention Award shall have vested and been paid in the form of Shares in accordance with the provisions of the Award Agreement. 
 19. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the Award Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or five days after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to the Participant at the address maintained for the Participant in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 20. Severability and Judicial Modification . If any provision of the Award Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable under the applicable laws of any country, state, province, territory or other political 
 4 

subdivision or the Company elects not to enforce such restriction, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect and the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be modified only to the extent necessary to render that provision valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If the invalid or unenforceable provision cannot be, or is not, modified, that provision shall be severed from the Award Agreement and all other provisions shall remain valid and enforceable. 
 21. Successors . The Award Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns, on the one hand, and the Participant and his or her heirs, beneficiaries, legatees and personal representatives, on the other hand. 
 22. Appendices . Notwithstanding any provisions in the Award Agreement, for Participants residing and or working outside the United States, the Special Retention Award shall be subject to the additional terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A to the Award Agreement and to any special terms and conditions for the Participant s country set forth in Appendix B to the Award Agreement. Moreover, if the Participant relocates outside the United States or relocates between the countries included in Appendix B, the additional terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A and the special terms and conditions for such country set forth in Appendix B will apply to the Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendices constitute part of the Award Agreement. 
 23. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Special Retention Award and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 24. Compliance with Code Section 409A . It is intended that the Special Retention Award granted pursuant to the Award Agreement be compliant with Section 409A of the Code and the Award Agreement shall be interpreted, construed and operated to reflect this intent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Award Agreement and the Plan may be amended at any time, without the consent of any party, to the extent necessary or desirable to satisfy any of the requirements under Section 409A of the Code, but the Company shall not be under any obligation to make any such amendment. Further, the Company and its Subsidiaries do not make any representation to the Participant that the Special Retention Award granted pursuant to the Award Agreement satisfies the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and the Company and its Subsidiaries will have no liability or other obligation to indemnify or hold harmless the Participant or any other party for any tax, additional tax, interest or penalties that the Participant or any other party may incur in the event that any provision of the Award Agreement or any amendment or modification thereof or any other action taken with respect thereto, is deemed to violate any of the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 25. Waiver . A waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of the Award Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of the Award Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by the Participant or any other Participant. 
 26. No Advice Regarding Award . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan, or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant s own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 27. Governing Law Dispute Resolution . As stated in the Plan, the Special Retention Award and the provisions of the Award Agreement and all determinations made and actions taken thereunder, to the extent not otherwise governed by the laws of the United States, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, without reference to principles of conflict of laws, and construed accordingly. Any claim, dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with the Special Retention Award and the provisions of the Award Agreement, shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. All claims, disputes and controversies shall be submitted to the CPR Institute for Dispute Resolution CPR in accordance with the CPR s rules then in effect provided, however, that the evidentiary standards set forth in this Agreement shall apply. The claim, dispute or controversy shall be heard and decided by three (3) arbitrators selected from CPR s employment panel. The arbitrators decision shall be final and binding on all parties. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrators award in any court having jurisdiction. 
 5 

28. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 29. Entire Agreement . The Award Agreement and the Plan embody the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and no promise, condition, representation or warranty, express or implied, not stated or incorporated by reference herein, shall bind either party hereto. 
 Acceptance of Award 
 30. As permitted by Section 15(c) of the Plan, receipt of this Special Retention Award is subject to the Participant s acceptance of the Award and the terms of this Award Agreement and the Plan through Fidelity NetBenefits website https nb.fidelity.com and or through such other procedures as may be required by the Company (Participant s Acceptance ). To avoid forfeiture of the Award, the Participant must provide such Acceptance within 6 months of the grant date of the Award. The date as of which the Participant s Special Retention Award shall be forfeited, if the Participant has not provided such Acceptance, will generally be set forth in the Participant s account at Fidelity NetBenefits website. If the Participant does not provide Acceptance within this 6 month period, the Award will be cancelled in accordance with any administrative procedures adopted under the Plan. 
 6 

APPENDIX A 
 TO THE ARCONIC CORPORATION 
 2020 Stock Incentive Plan 
 Global Special Retention Award Agreement 
 For Non-U.S. Participants 
 This Appendix A contains additional (or, if so indicated, different) terms and conditions that govern the Special Retention Awards if the Participant resides and or works outside of the United States. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meanings assigned to them in the Plan and the Global Special Retention Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ). 
 A. Termination . This provision supplements paragraph 3 of the Award Agreement. 
 The Company will determine when the Participant is no longer providing services for purposes of the Special Retention Awards (including whether the Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 B. Responsibility for Taxes . This provision replaces paragraph 6 of the Award Agreement (except if the Participant is subject to the short-swing profit rules of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). 
 The Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Employer, the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of these Special Retention Awards, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of Special Retention Awards, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Special Retention Award and the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the Special Retention Awards or any aspect of the Special Retention Awards to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. The Participant shall not make any claim against the Company, the Employer or any other Subsidiary, or their respective board, officers or employees related to Tax-Related Items arising from this Award. Furthermore, if the Participant has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 In connection with any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (i) requiring a cash payment from the Participant (ii) withholding from the Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant by the Company and or the Employer, (iii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Special Retention Awards, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on the Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) (iv) withholding from the Shares subject to Special Retention Awards and or (v) any other method of withholding determined by the Company and permitted by applicable law. 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case the Participant may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (with no entitlement to the Share equivalent) or, if not refunded, the Participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, the Participant is deemed, for tax purposes, to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Special Retention Awards, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Company and or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company and or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The 
 A-1 

Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if the Participant fails to comply with his or her obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 C. Nature of Award. By accepting the Special Retention Awards, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 a. the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended, or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 b. this Special Retention Award is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future Special Retention Awards, or benefits in lieu of Special Retention Awards, even if Special Retention Awards have been granted in the past 
 c. all decisions with respect to future Special Retention Awards or other Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 d. this Special Retention Award and the Participant s participation in the Plan shall not create a right to, or be interpreted as forming or amending an employment or service contract with the Company and shall not interfere with the ability of the Employer to terminate the Participant s employment contract (if any) at any time 
 e. the Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 f. this Special Retention Award and the Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 g. this Special Retention Award and the Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, without limitation, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 h. the future value of the Shares subject to the Special Retention Award is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 i. unless otherwise agreed with the Company, Special Retention Awards and the Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service the Participant may provide as a director of any Subsidiary 
 j. no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of any portion of this Special Retention Award resulting from termination of the Participant s employment and or service relationship (for any reason whatsoever and regardless of whether later found to be invalid or in breach of applicable laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any) and or the application of any recoupment, recovery or clawback policy or procedure 
 k. unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, this Special Retention Award and the benefits under the Plan evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have this Special Retention Award or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares and 
 l. neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Subsidiary shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Special Retention Awards or of any amounts due to the Participant pursuant to the Special Retention Awards or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 A-2 

D. Data Privacy. To participate in the Plan, the Participant will need to review the information provided in this paragraph and, where applicable, declare the Participant s consent to the processing of personal data by Arconic Corporation and third parties noted below. Acceptance of the Award shall constitute Participant s consent to the processing of personal data. 
 a. EEA+ Controller and Contact Information . If the Participant is based in the European Union EU ), the European Economic Area, Switzerland or, the United Kingdom (collectively EEA+ ), the Participant should note that Arconic Corporation, with its registered address at 201 Isabella Street, Suite 200, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212-5872, United States of America, is the controller responsible for the processing of the Participant s personal data in connection with the Award Agreement and the Plan. Questions about the processing of personal data can be made to the Arconic Privacy Office at privacy arconic.com . 
 b. Data Collection and Usage . In connection with the administration of the Plan, Arconic Corporation collects, processes, uses and transfers certain personally-identifiable information about the Participant, which may include the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, details of all Awards or any other awards granted, canceled, exercised, settled, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor and additional similar or related data, which Arconic Corporation receives from the Participant or the entity that employs the Participant Personal Data ). Specifically, Arconic Corporation collects, processes and uses Personal Data for the purposes of performing its contractual obligations under this Award Agreement, implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan and facilitating compliance with applicable tax and securities law. 
 If the Participant is based in the EEA+, the legal basis, where required, for the processing of Personal Data by Arconic Corporation is the necessity for Arconic Corporation to (i) perform its contractual obligations under this Agreement, (ii) comply with legal obligations established in the EEA+, and or (iii) pursue the legitimate interest of complying with legal obligations established outside of the EEA+. 
 If the Participant is based outside of the EEA+, the legal basis, where required, for the processing of Data by Arconic Corporation is the Participant s consent, as further described below. 
 c. Plan Administration Service Providers . Arconic Corporation may transfer Personal Data to Fidelity or other independent service providers that assist Arconic Corporation with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan (the Plan Administrator ). The processing of Personal Data will take place through both electronic and non-electronic means. Personal Data will only be accessible by those individuals requiring access to it for purposes of implementing, administering and operating the Plan. 
 d. International Data Transfers . Arconic Corporation and the Plan Administrator are based in the United States. The country where the Participant lives may have different data privacy laws and protections than the United States. In particular, the United States does not have the same level of protections for personal data as countries in the EEA+. The European Commission requires U.S. companies to protect personal data leaving the EEA+ by certifying compliance with the EU-U.S. privacy shield program or implementing other safeguards such as the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the EU Commission. Arconic Corporation is certified under the EU-U.S. privacy shield program. 
 If the Participant is based in the EEA+, Personal Data will be transferred from the EEA+ to Arconic Corporation based on the certification under the EU-U.S. privacy shield program. Personal Data will be transferred onward from Arconic Corporation to the Plan Administrator based on the Participant's consent, as further described below. 
 If the Participant is based in a jurisdiction outside of the EEA+, Personal Data will be transferred from the Participant s jurisdiction to Arconic Corporation and onward from Arconic Corporation to the Plan Administrator based on the Participant s consent, as further described below. 
 e. Data Retention . Arconic Corporation will use Personal Data only as long as necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including tax and securities laws. When Arconic Corporation no longer needs Personal Data for any of these purposes, Arconic Corporation will remove it from its systems. 
 A-3 

f. Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal . Participation in the Plan is voluntary and the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. The Participant may withdraw the Participant s consent at any time, with future effect and for any or no reason. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to withdraw the Participant s consent, the Participant s salary from or employment or service relationship with the Participant s employer will not be affected. The only consequence of denying or withdrawing consent is that Arconic Corporation would not be able to grant Awards to the Participant under the Plan or administer or maintain the Participant s participation in the Plan. If the Participant withdraws the Participant s consent, Arconic Corporation will stop processing the Participant s Personal Data for the purposes stated above unless to the extent necessary to comply with tax or other legal obligations in connection with Awards granted before the Participant withdrew the Participant s consent. 
 g. Data Subject Rights . The Participant may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in the Participant s jurisdiction. Subject to the conditions set out in the applicable law and depending on where the Participant is based, such rights may include the right to (i) request access to, or copies of, Personal Data processed by Arconic Corporation, (ii) rectification of incorrect Personal Data, (iii) deletion of Personal Data, (iv) restrict the processing of Personal Data, (v) object to the processing of Personal Data for legitimate interests, (vi) portability of Personal Data, (vii) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant s jurisdiction, and or to (viii) receive a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Personal Data. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, the Participant can contact the Arconic Privacy Office at privacy arconic.com . 
 h. Necessary Disclosure of Personal Data . The Participant understands that providing Arconic Corporation with Personal Data is necessary for the performance of this Award Agreement and that the Participant s refusal to provide Personal Data would make it impossible for Arconic Corporation to perform its contractual obligations and would affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. 
 i. Declaration of Consent . By accepting the Participant s Award, the Participant is declaring that the Participant unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant s Personal Data, as described above and in any other grant materials, by and among, as applicable, the entity that employs the Participant, Arconic Corporation, any Subsidiary and any service provider involved in plan administration for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Arconic Privacy Office at privacy arconic.com . If the Participant does not consent or later seek to revoke the Participant s consent, the Participant s employment status or service with the entity that employs the Participant will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing consent is that Arconic Corporation would not be able to grant the Award or any other equity award to the Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing consent will affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant should contact privacy arconic.com . 
 E. Language . The Participant acknowledges that he or she is sufficiently proficient in English or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English so as to understand the terms and conditions of the Award Agreement. Furthermore, if the Participant has received the Award Agreement, or any other document related to this Special Retention Award and or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 F. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . The Participant acknowledges that, depending on his or her country, the broker s country, or the country in which the Shares are listed, the Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, which may affect his or her ability to accept, acquire, sell, or attempt to sell or otherwise dispose of Shares or rights to Shares e.g., Special Retention Awards) or rights linked to the value of Shares, during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by applicable laws or regulations in the applicable jurisdictions, including the United States and the Participant s country). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before possessing inside information. Furthermore, the Participant may be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them to otherwise buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. The 
 A-4 

Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and the Participant should consult his or her personal advisor on this matter. 
 G. Foreign Asset Account Reporting Requirements, Exchange Controls and Tax Requirements . The Participant acknowledges that his or her country may have certain foreign asset and or account reporting requirements and exchange controls which may affect his or her ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside his or her country. The Participant understands that he or she may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. The Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker and or within a certain time after receipt. The Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with all such requirements, and that the Participant should consult his or her personal legal and tax advisors, as applicable, to ensure the Participant s compliance. 

A-5 

APPENDIX B 
 TO THE ARCONIC CORPORATION 
 2020 Stock Incentive Plan 
 Global Special Retention Award Agreement 
 For Non-U.S. Participants 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix B have the meanings set forth in the Plan and the Global Special Retention Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ). 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix B includes special terms and conditions that govern Special Retention Awards if the Participant resides and or works in one of the countries listed below. 
 If the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the country in which the Participant is currently residing and or working, or if the Participant transfers to another country after the grant of Special Retention Awards or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Committee shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the special terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to the Participant. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix B also includes information regarding exchange controls, tax and certain other issues of which the Participant should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, tax and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of February 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that the Participant not rely on the information in this Appendix B as the only source of information relating to the consequences of participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Participant sells Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to the Participant s particular situation and the Company is not in a position to assure the Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, the Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in the Participant s country may apply to his or her situation. 
 Finally, if the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the country in which the Participant currently works and or resides, or if the Participant transfers to another country after the grant of the Special Retention Award, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to the Participant in the same manner. 
 
 B-1 

BRAZIL 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Compliance with Law . By accepting the Special Retention Award, the Participant acknowledges that he or she agrees to comply with all applicable Brazilian laws and to report and pay any and all applicable Tax-Related Items associated with his or her participation in the Plan, including the vesting and settlement of the Special Retention Award, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 Labor Law Acknowledgement . By accepting the Special Retention Award, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that he or she is (i) making an investment decision, (ii) the Shares will be issued to the Participant only if the vesting conditions are met, and (iii) the value of the underlying Shares is not fixed and may increase or decrease over the vesting period without compensation to the Participant. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . If the Participant is a resident or domiciled in Brazil, he or she will be required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets and rights is equal to or greater than US 1,000,000. Quarterly reporting is required if such amount exceeds US 100,000,000. Assets and rights that must be reported include Shares acquired under the Plan. The Participant should consult with his or her personal financial advisor for additional details. 
 Tax on Financial Transactions (IOF) . Repatriation of funds e.g. , the proceeds from the sale of Shares) into Brazil and the conversion of USD into BRL associated with such fund transfers may be subject to the IOF (tax on financial transactions). The Participant should consult with his or her personal tax advisor for additional details. 
 CANADA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Award Settled Only in Shares . Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan, the Special Retention Award shall be settled in Shares only. The Participant is not entitled to receive a cash payment pursuant to the Award. 
 Termination of Service . The following provision replaces paragraph A Termination of Appendix A 
 For purposes of the Special Retention Award, the Participant s employment relationship will be considered terminated, and except where the Award Agreement expressly allows for vesting after termination of employment, the right (if any) to vest in the Special Retention Award will terminate effective, as of the date that is the earliest of (i) the date the Participant s employment relationship with the Company, Employer, or any of its Subsidiaries is terminated, or (ii) the date the Participant receives written notice of termination from the Company or the Employer, regardless of any notice period or period of pay in lieu of such notice required under applicable employment law in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any. The Participant will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for that portion of time before the date on which the Participant s employment is terminated (as determined under this provision) nor will the Participant be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, the Participant s right to vest in the Special Retention Award under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of the Participant s minimum statutory notice period, but the Participant will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of the statutory notice period, nor will the Participant be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 The Following Provisions Apply for Participants Resident in Quebec 
 B-2 

Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . The following provision supplements paragraph D Data Privacy of Appendix A 
 The Participant hereby authorizes the Company or any Subsidiary, including the Employer, and any agents or representatives to (i) discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan, and (ii) disclose and discuss any and all information relevant to the Plan with their advisors. The Participant further authorizes the Company or any Subsidiary, including the Employer, and any agents or representatives to record such information and to keep such information in the Participant s employee file. If the Participant is a resident of Quebec, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that his or her personal information, including sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside of the province of Quebec, including to the United States. The Participant acknowledges and authorizes the Company and other parties involved in the administration of the Plan to use technology for profiling purposes and to make automated decisions that may have an impact on the Participant or the administration of the Plan. 
 French Language Documents . A French translation of the Award Agreement and the Plan will be made available to the Participant as soon as reasonably practicable. The Participant understands that, from time to time, additional information related to the offering of the Plan might be provided in English and such information may not be immediately available in French. However, upon request, the Company will translate into French documents related to the offering of the Plan as soon as reasonably practicable. 
 Documents en Fran ais . Une traduction fran aise du pr sent Contrat d Attribution et du Plan sera mise la disposition du Membre de l quipe d s que cela sera raisonnablement possible. Le Membre de l quipe comprend que, de temps autre, des informations suppl mentaires relatives l'offre du Plan peuvent tre fournies en anglais et que ces informations peuvent ne pas tre imm diatement disponibles en fran ais. Cependant, sur demande, la Soci t traduira en fran ais les documents relatifs l'offre du Plan d s que cela sera raisonnablement possible. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . The Participant is permitted to sell the Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed by the Company, if any, provided the sale of the Shares takes place outside Canada through facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are then listed i.e. , the NYSE). 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . Canadian residents are required to report to the tax authorities certain foreign property (including Special Retention Awards and Shares acquired under the Plan) on form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of the foreign property exceeds C 100,000 at any time in the year. The form must be filed by April 30 of the following year. Special Retention Awards must be reported generally at a nil cost if the C 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because of other foreign property the Participant holds. If Shares are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the Shares. The ACB would normally equal the fair market value of the Shares at vesting, but if the Participant owns other Shares, this ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the other Shares. The Participant should consult with his or her personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 CHINA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The following terms and conditions will apply to Participants who are subject to exchange control restrictions and regulations in the People s Republic of China the PRC ), including the requirements imposed by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ), as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 Award Conditioned on Satisfaction of Regulatory Obligations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Award Agreement, settlement of the Special Retention Award is conditioned on the Company s obtaining a registration of the Plan with SAFE and on the continued effectiveness of such registration (the SAFE Registration Requirement ). If, for any reason, the Company does not complete or maintain such registration, no Shares subject to the Special Retention Award for which a registration is not completed or maintained shall be issued. In this case, the Company retains the discretion to settle any Special Retention Awards for which the vesting conditions, but not the SAFE Registration Requirement, have 
 B-3 

been met in cash paid through local payroll in an amount equal to the market value of the Shares subject to the Special Retention Award less any Tax-Related Items. 
 Shares Must Remain With Company s Designated Broker . To the extent that the Participant receives any Shares upon settlement of the Special Retention Award, the Participant must hold such Shares with the Company s designated broker until the Shares are sold. The limitation shall apply to all Shares issued to the Participant under the Plan, whether or not the Participant remains employed with the Company or its Subsidiaries. 
 Forced Sale of Shares . To the extent that the Participant receives any Shares upon settlement of the Special Retention Award, the Company has the discretion to arrange for the sale of such Shares either immediately upon settlement or at any time thereafter. In any event, if the Participant s employment is terminated, the Participant will be required to sell all Shares acquired upon settlement of the Special Retention Award within such time period as required by the Company in accordance with SAFE requirements. Any Shares remaining in the Participant s brokerage account at the end of this period shall be sold by the broker (on behalf of the Participant and the Participant hereby authorizes such sale). The Participant agrees to sign any additional agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated broker) to effectuate the sale of Shares (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds and other exchange control matters noted below) and shall otherwise cooperate with the Company with respect to such matters. The Participant acknowledges that neither the Company nor the designated broker is under any obligation to arrange for the sale of Shares at any particular price (it being understood that the sale will occur in the market) and that broker s fees and similar expenses may be incurred in any such sale. In any event, when the Shares are sold, the sale proceeds, less any tax withholding, any broker s fees or commissions, and any similar expenses of the sale will be remitted to the Participant in accordance with applicable exchange control laws and regulations. 
 Exchange Control Restrictions . To the extent that the Participant receives any Shares upon settlement of the Special Retention Award, the Participant understands and agrees that the Participant will be required to immediately repatriate to China the proceeds from the sale of such Shares and any cash dividends paid on such Shares. The Participant further understands that such repatriation of proceeds may need to be effected through a special bank account established by the Company (or a Subsidiary), and the Participant hereby consents and agrees that any sale proceeds and cash dividends may be transferred to such special account by the Company (or a Subsidiary) on the Participant s behalf prior to being delivered to the Participant and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. 
 Any proceeds from the sale of Shares may be paid to the Participant in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid to the Participant in U.S. dollars, Participant understands that a U.S. dollar bank account in China must be established and maintained so that the proceeds may be deposited into such account. If the proceeds are paid to the Participant in local currency, the Participant acknowledges that the Company (or its Subsidiaries) are under no obligation to secure any particular exchange conversion rate and that the Company (or its Subsidiaries) may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions. The Participant agrees to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the Shares are sold and the net proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to the Participant. The Participant further agrees to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 
 Administration . The Company (or its Subsidiaries) shall not be liable for any costs, fees, lost interest or dividends or other losses that the Participant may incur or suffer resulting from the enforcement of the terms of this Appendix or otherwise from the Company s operation and enforcement of the Plan, the Award Agreement, the Award in accordance with any applicable laws, rules, regulations and requirements. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Chinese residents may be required to report to SAFE all details of their foreign financial assets and liabilities (including Shares acquired under the Plan), as well as details of any economic transactions conducted with non-Chinese residents. 
 FRANCE 
 Terms and Conditions 
 B-4 

Language Consent . By accepting the Special Retention Award and the Award Agreement, which provides for the terms and conditions of the Special Retention Award, the Participant confirms having read and understood the documents relating to this Award (the Plan and the Award Agreement, including the Appendices) which were provided to the Participant in English. The Participant accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 En acceptant l Attribution d Actions Attribu es et ce Contrat d Attribution qui contient les termes et conditions des Actions Attribu es, le Participant confirme avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs cette attribution (le Plan et le Contrat d Attribution, ainsi que les Annexes) qui ont t transmis au Participant en langue anglaise. Le Participant accepte ainsi les conditions et termes de ces documents. 
 Notifications 
 Tax Information . The Special Retention Awards granted under this Award Agreement are not intended to qualify for special tax and social security treatment pursuant to Sections L. 225-197-1 to L. 225-197-5 and Sections L. 22-10-59 to L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code, as amended. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . French residents are required to report all foreign accounts (whether open, used and or closed) to the French tax authorities when filing their annual tax returns. Further, French residents with foreign account balances exceeding prescribed amounts may have additional monthly reporting requirements. The Participant should consult his or her personal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. Failure to complete this reporting triggers penalties for the resident. 
 GERMANY 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 must be reported to the German Federal Bank Bundesbank ). In case of payments in connection with securities (including proceeds realized upon the sale of Shares or the receipt of dividends), the report must be made by the 5th day of the month following the month in which the payment was received. The report may be filed electronically and the form of report Allgemeines Meldeportal Statistik can be accessed via the Bundesbank s website www.bundesbank.de in both German and English, or by such other means as permitted by the Bundesbank . In addition, the Participant may be required to report the acquisition of Shares under the Plan to the Bundesbank via email or telephone if the value of the Shares acquired exceeds 12,500. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . If the Participant s acquisition of Shares under the Plan leads to a so-called qualified participation at any point during the calendar year, the Participant will need to report the acquisition when he or she files a tax return for the relevant year. A qualified participation is attained if (i) the value of the Shares acquired exceeds 150,000, or (ii) in the unlikely event the Participant holds Shares exceeding 10 of the Company s total common stock. 
 HUNGARY 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 ITALY 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Plan Document Acknowledgment . By accepting the Award, the Participant acknowledges that he or she has received a copy of the Plan and the Award Agreement and has reviewed the Plan and the Award Agreement, including this Appendix B, in their entirety and fully understands and accepts all provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement, including this Appendix B. 
 The Participant further acknowledges that he or she has read and specifically and expressly approves the following paragraphs of the Award Agreement paragraph 27 Governing Law Dispute Resolution of the Award Agreement paragraph B Responsibility for Taxes ), paragraph C Nature of Award ), paragraph D Data Privacy ), and paragraph E Language of Appendix A to the Award Agreement. 
 B-5 

Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . If the Participant is an Italian resident and, at any time during the fiscal year, holds investments or financial assets outside of Italy e.g. , cash, Shares) which may generate income taxable in Italy, the Participant is required to report such investments or assets on his or her annual tax return (UNICO Form, RW Schedule) for the year during which the assets are held (or on a special form if no tax return is due). These reporting obligations will also apply to Italian residents who are the beneficial owners of financial assets out of Italy under Italian money laundering provisions. 
 Foreign Asset Tax . The value of any Shares (and other financial assets) held outside Italy by individuals resident of Italy may be subject to a foreign asset tax. The taxable amount will be the fair market value of the financial assets e.g. , Shares) assessed at the end of the calendar year. The value of financial assets held abroad must be reported in Form RM of the annual return. The Participant should consult with his or her personal tax advisor for additional details. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Responsibility for Taxes . The following provisions supplement paragraph B Responsibility for Taxes of Appendix A 
 Without limitation to paragraph B Responsibility for Taxes of Appendix A, the Participant agrees that the Participant is liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax-Related Items as and when requested by the Company or the Employer or by HM Revenue & Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). The Participant also agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will have to pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on the Participant s behalf. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is a Director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934), the Participant may not be able to indemnify the Company or the Employer for the amount of any income tax not collected from or paid by the Participant within ninety (90) days of the end of the U.K. tax year in which an event giving rise to the Tax-Related Items occurs, as it may be considered a loan. In this case, the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to the Participant on which additional income tax and employee National Insurance contributions NICs may be payable. The Participant agrees to report and pay any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and to pay the Company or the Employer, as applicable, for the value of the employee NICs due on this additional benefit by any of the means referred to in the Award Agreement, including the Appendices. 

B-6 

</EX-10.15(L)>

<EX-21>
 6
 a2022exhibit21.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Name U.S. State or Country 
 of Organization 
 Arconic Architectural Products LLC 
 Delaware Arconic Architectural Products SAS France Arconic China Investment Company Ltd. China Arconic China Processing LLC Delaware Arconic Davenport LLC 
 Delaware Arconic Extrusions Hannover GmbH Germany Arconic France Holding SAS France Arconic Hungary Finance Kft Hungary Arconic Kofem Mill Products Kft Hungary Arconic Kunshan Aluminum Products Company, Ltd. China Arconic Lafayette LLC 
 Delaware Arconic Lancaster Corp. 
 Delaware Arconic Manufacturing GB Limited United Kingdom Arconic Massena LLC 
 Delaware Arconic Nederland Holding B.V. Netherlands Arconic Qinhuangdao Aluminum Industries Co., Ltd. China Arconic Technologies LLC Delaware Arconic Tennessee LLC 
 Delaware Arconic UK Finance United Kingdom Arconic UK Holdings Limited United Kingdom Kawneer Commercial Windows LLC 
 Pennsylvania Kawneer Company Canada Limited Canada Kawneer Company, Inc. 
 Delaware Kawneer France SAS France Kawneer Nederland B.V. Netherlands Kawneer U.K. Limited United Kingdom Pimalco, Inc. 
 Arizona 
 
 The names of particular subsidiaries have been omitted because, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, they would not constitute, as of the end of the year covered by this report, a significant subsidiary as defined in Regulation S-X under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 In 2022, the Registrant established two new subsidiaries in anticipation of the completion of a legal entity reorganization by the end of the calendar year. These two subsidiaries, Arconic US LLC and Arconic BCS Holdings LLC did not constitute, individually or in the aggregate, a significant subsidiary as of the end of the business day on December 31, 2022. Effective 11 59 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on December 31, 2022, the following mergers, dissolutions, and contributions occurred 
 Arconic Davenport LLC, Arconic Lafayette LLC, Arconic Lancaster Corp., Arconic Massena LLC, Arconic Tennessee LLC, and Pimalco, Inc. were merged into Arconic US LLC and were dissolved 
 Kawneer Commercial Windows LLC was merged into Kawneer Company, Inc. and was dissolved and 
 Arconic BCS Holdings LLC became the direct parent company of Arconic Architectural Products LLC, Kawneer Company Canada Limited, and Kawneer Company, Inc.. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 a2022exhibit23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-237517, 333-237518, 333-256335, and 333-256369) of Arconic Corporation of our report dated February 21, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 8
 a2022exhibit24.htm
 EX-24

Document 
 Exhibit 24 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS that each of the undersigned Directors of Arconic Corporation (the Company hereby constitutes and appoints Timothy D. Myers, Erick R. Asmussen and Daniel G. Fayock, or either of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution, to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may deem necessary or advisable or may be required 
 
 (1) To enable the Company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), and any rules, regulations or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing under the 1934 Act of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2022 Annual Report ), including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, power and authority to sign the name of each of the undersigned in the capacity of Director of the Company to the 2022 Annual Report to be filed with the Commission and to any instruments or documents filed as part of or in connection with the 2022 Annual Report, including any amendments or supplements thereto 
 
 (2) To enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and any rules, regulations or requirements of the Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act during 2023 of the offer and sale or delivery of shares of common stock of the Company to be issued under the Arconic Corporation Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan or the Company s employee retirement savings plans (together with interests in such plans), including, without limitation, the Arconic Corp. Hourly 401(k) Plan, the Arconic Corp. Salaried 401(k) Plan and employee retirement or other savings plans sponsored by the Company or its subsidiaries or entities acquired by the Company from time to time (collectively, and as may be amended or restated from time to time, the Plans ), including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, power and authority to sign the name of each of the undersigned in the capacity of Director of the Company to any registration statement on Form S-8, or on such other form as may be appropriate, to be filed with the Commission in respect of said shares or interests and any of the Plans, to any and all pre-effective amendments, post-effective amendments and supplements to any such registration statement, and to any instruments or documents filed as part of or in connection with any such registration statement or any such amendments or supplements thereto and 
 
 (3) To enable the Company to comply with the 1933 Act, and any rules, regulations or requirements of the Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act during 2023 on an unallocated basis of the Company s securities, including debt securities, preferred stock, common stock and hybrid securities (including convertible or exchangeable securities) warrants to purchase debt or equity securities of the Company stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units and trust preferred securities of a trust or similar vehicle and related guarantees thereof by the Company, including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, power and authority (i) to sign the name of each of the undersigned in the capacity of Director of the Company to one or more registration statements on Form S-1, Form S-3 or such other form as such attorneys-in-fact, or any of them, may deem necessary or desirable (including any registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462 under the 1933 Act), and to any and all amendments and post-effective amendments and supplements to any such registration statements, and to any and all instruments or documents filed as part of or in connection with any such registration statements or amendments or supplements thereto, and (ii) to file the same with all exhibits thereto with the Commission and 
 
 granting unto each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as the 

undersigned might or could do in person, and each of the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 This power of attorney will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. The execution of this power of attorney is not intended to, and does not, revoke any prior powers of attorney. This power of attorney may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which, taken together, shall constitute one power of attorney. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has subscribed these presents this 2 nd day of February 2023. 

s William F. Austen 

s Christopher L. Ayers 
 William F. Austen Christopher L. Ayers 
 
 s Margaret S. Billson 

s Jacques Croisetiere 
 Margaret S. Billson Jacques Croisetiere 
 
 s Elmer L. Doty 

s Carol S. Eicher 
 Elmer L. Doty Carol S. Eicher 
 
 s Frederick A. Henderson 

s Ellis A. Jones 
 Frederick A. Henderson Ellis A. Jones 
 
 s Timothy D. Myers 

s E. Stanley O Neal 
 Timothy D. Myers E. Stanley O Neal 

s Jeffrey Stafeil Jeffrey Stafeil 

</EX-24>

<EX-31>
 9
 a2022exhibit31.htm
 EX-31

Document 
 Exhibit 31 

Certifications 
 I, Timothy D. Myers, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Arconic Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 
 s Timothy D. Myers Timothy D. Myers Chief Executive Officer 

I, Erick R. Asmussen, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Arconic Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 
 s Erick R. Asmussen Erick R. Asmussen Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 10
 a2022exhibit32.htm
 EX-32

Document 
 Exhibit 32 

Certification 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Arconic Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify that 
 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 s Timothy D. Myers Timothy D. Myers Chief Executive Officer Date February 21, 2023 
 s Erick R. Asmussen Erick R. Asmussen Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Form 10-K and shall not be considered filed as part of the Form 10-K. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 arnc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 arnc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 arnc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 arnc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 arnc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

