<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1845618_0001213900-23-025445.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4482034</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>263225</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>899558</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1006824</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1144160</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1062476</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025445.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160544
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025445
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bilander Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001845618
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40426
		FILM NUMBER:		23787547

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FOUR EMBARCADERO CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2100
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 780-9975

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FOUR EMBARCADERO CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2100
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025445.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_bilanderacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-fourth of one Redeemable Warrant TWCBU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 TWCBW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value
of the outstanding shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates
of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC was . Common stock held by each officer and director and by each person known to the registrant who owned
10 or more of the outstanding voting and non-voting common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates.
This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As of March 31, 2023, there were shares
of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.000075 per share, of
the registrant issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 23 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 25 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 25 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 25 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 25 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 26 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 26 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 27 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 34 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 34 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 34 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 34 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 35 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 35 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 36 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 42 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 43 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 45 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 47 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 48 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 48 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report Report ),
including, without li mitation, statements under the heading
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the
use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, 
 intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, 
 continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There
can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to,
any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are
not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results
may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability
 to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability
 to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations
 around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our success
 in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

the proceeds
 of the forward purchase shares being available to us; 

our officers
 and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving
 our initial business combination; 

our potential
 ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool
 of prospective target businesses, including the location and industry of such target businesses; 

the ability
 of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public
 securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack
 of a market for our securities; 

the availability
 to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust
 account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial
 performance following our initial public offering. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more
of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects
from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These
risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 

ii 

By
their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that
may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that
our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ
materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results
or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking
statements contained in this Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended and restated
 certificate of incorporation are to our certificate of incorporation currently in effect; 

common stock 
 are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock; 

completion window 
 is the period following the completion of our initial public offering at the end of which, if we have not completed our initial business
 combination, we will redeem 100 of the public shares at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
 deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
 expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and certain conditions and as further
 described herein. The completion window ends July 20, 2023, or October 20, 2023 if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement
 in principle or definitive agreement for an initial business combination by July 20, 2023; 

equity-linked securities 
 are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of our Class A common stock issued
 in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement
 of such securities; 

forward purchasers 
 are to several institutional accredited investors, some of which may be members of our sponsor, with which we have entered into the
 forward purchase agreements; 

forward purchase agreements 
 are to several forward purchase agreements providing for the sale of forward purchase shares by us to the forward purchasers in a
 private placement that will close concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination; 

forward purchase shares 
 are to shares of our Class A common stock to be sold as part of the forward purchase agreements; 

founder shares 
 are to shares of our Class B common stock and the shares of our Class A common stock issued upon the automatic conversion of the
 Class B common stock after our initial business combination (i) when certain triggering events based on our shares of Class A common
 stock trading at 12.00, 15.00 and 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing any time after
 the completion of our initial business combination or (ii) upon specified strategic transactions, in each case prior to the ten year
 anniversary of our initial business combination; 

initial stockholders 
 are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares (or their permitted transferees); 

iii 

management or
 our management team are to our officers and directors; 

permitted
 withdrawals means amounts withdrawn to fund our working capital requirements, subject to an annual
 limit of 500,000, and/or to pay our taxes; 

private placement 
 are to a subscription of 3,500,000 warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant by our sponsor in a private placement that closed simultaneously
 with the closing of our initial public offering and an additional subscription of 246,880 warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant
 by our sponsor in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option on August 9, 2021. 

private placement warrants 
 are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in the private placement; 

public shares 
 are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in
 such offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders 
 are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent our sponsor, officers or directors
 purchase public shares, provided that each of their status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to
 such public shares; 

pubic
 warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering 
 (whether
 they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and to any 
 private
 placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold 
 to
 third parties that are not initial purchasers or executive officers or directors (or permitted 
 transferees)
 following the consummation of our initial business combination; 

sponsor are to
 Bilander Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of certain of our officers and directors; 

True Wind Capital 
 are to True Wind Capital Management, L.P., an affiliate of certain of our officers and directors; 

warrants are
 to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent they are held
 by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees; 

warrant exercise date 
 are to the date on which the warrants will become exercisable, which is the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial
 business combination and July 20, 2022; 

warrant expiration date 
 are to the date on which the warrants expire, which is five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier
 upon redemption or liquidation; and 

we, us, 
 company, Company or our company are to Bilander Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation.

iv 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

General 

We
are an early stage blank check company formed as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset
acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout
this Report as our initial business combination. 

True
Wind Capital, a technology-focused private investment firm, is our advisory platform. We intend to capitalize on the ability of our management
team and the broader True Wind Capital platform to identify, acquire, and operate a business in the technology and technology-enabled
services sectors that may provide opportunities for attractive long-term risk-adjusted returns, though we reserve the right to pursue
an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry. 

True
Wind Capital 

True
Wind Capital is a San Francisco-based private equity firm that is focused on investing in leading technology companies with a broad mandate
including software, financial technology, industrial technology, healthcare IT, internet, semiconductors, and IT services. True Wind
Capital is a value-added partner, providing support and expertise that is rooted in its teams 75+ years of collective investing
experience. True Wind Capital currently has a team of 16 full-time investment professionals with deep technology investing expertise. 

We
have utilized True Wind Capital s platform to provide complete access to its team, deal prospects, and network, along with any
necessary resources to aid in the identification, diligence, and operational support of a target for the initial business combination. 

True
Wind Capital was instrumental in launching Nebula Acquisition Corporation Nebula ), a special purpose acquisition company
that completed its initial public offering in January 2018 in which it sold 27,500,000 units, each consisting of one share of Nebula
common stock and one-third of one warrant to purchase one share of Nebula common stock for an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating
aggregate proceeds of 275,000,000. True Wind Capital sourced several acquisition targets for Nebula, which completed a business combination
in June 2020 with Open Lending, a provider of lending enablement and risk analytics solutions to financial institutions. In addition
to the proceeds from the initial public offering, Nebula contributed another 200 million in proceeds from a private placement completed
at the time of the initial business combination. Open Lending s common shares trade on Nasdaq under the symbol LPRO. 

True
Wind Capital is the platform used by TWC Tech Holdings II Corp. TWC Tech Holdings II ), a blank check company which raised
an aggregate of 600.0 million in its initial public offering (including exercise of the over-allotment option) in September 2020. In
connection with its initial public offering, TWC Tech Holdings II also entered into forward purchase agreements with several institutional
accredited investors that provided for the aggregate purchase of at least 100,000,000 of Class A common stock at 10.00 per share. TWC
Tech Holdings II completed a business combination in August 2021 with Cellebrite DI Ltd., a leading digital intelligence platform that
helps government agencies and enterprises across the investigative lifecycle. Upon closing of the business combination, TWC Tech Holdings
II was renamed Cellebrite and remains Nasdaq-listed under the ticker symbol CLBT. 

True
Wind Capital was also critical in launching Nebula Caravel Acquisition Corp. Nebula Caravel ), a newly formed blank check
company that completed an aggregate of 275.0 million in its initial public offering (including the partial exercise of the over-allotment
option) in December 2020. In connection with its initial public offering, Nebula Caravel also entered into forward purchase agreements
with several institutional accredited investors (including an affiliate of True Wind Capital) that provided for the aggregate purchase
of at least 100,000,000 of Class A common stock at 10.00 per share. Nebula Caravel completed a business combination in July 2021 with
Rover, Inc., a leading online marketplace for pet care that connects pet parents with local, high-quality pet care providers. Upon closing
of the business combination, Nebula Caravel was renamed Rover Group and remains Nasdaq-listed under the ticker symbol ROVR. 

1 

Business
Strategy 

Our
business strategy is to utilize True Wind Capital s existing investment identification and evaluation platform to identify and
complete our initial business combination with a company that our management believes, with proper utilization of our network and experience,
has a compelling potential for value creation through our involvement. The True Wind Capital team leverages their vast investment experience,
deep network and technology industry expertise to identify and generate attractive acquisition opportunities among technology companies
with overall transaction values between 750 million and 2.5 billion. To the extent the purchase price for any acquisition to be paid
in cash exceeds the net proceeds available to us, we may issue debt or equity to consummate the acquisition. Such additional financing
may come in the form of bank financings or preferred equity, common equity or debt offerings or a combination of the foregoing. We believe
True Wind s experience and track record, along with its disciplined direct sourcing and thematic research approach, are particularly
differentiated, and will enable us to successfully identify and execute an initial business combination. We leverage True Wind Capital s
extensive network of relationships, ranging from senior executives at public and private companies to financial advisory firms around
the globe, to assist in the identification of a target for the initial business combination. True Wind Capital intends to dedicate its
time and resources to conduct diligence in an effort to complete an initial business combination. 

True
Wind Capital and our management team has experience in: 

Operating companies, setting
 and changing strategies, and identifying, mentoring and recruiting exceptional talent; 

Developing and growing companies,
 both organically and through strategic transactions and acquisitions, and expanding the product range and geographic footprint of
 a number of target businesses; 

Investing in leading private
 and public technology companies to accelerate their growth and maturation; 

Sourcing, structuring, acquiring,
 and selling businesses; 

Accessing the capital markets,
 including financing businesses and helping companies transition to public ownership; and 

Fostering relationships with
 sellers, capital providers and target management teams. 

Market
Opportunity 

We
are pursuing opportunities with private, high-growth, and high-quality technology companies with an overall transaction value between
 750 million and 2.5 billion. Given our management team s extensive and diverse technology investing experience, we are seeking
opportunities in software, hardware, and tech-enabled services businesses across a range of different sectors and end-markets. Furthermore,
we are open to combining with businesses that are owned by founders and minority investors, private equity firms, and family-owned businesses.
Private technology companies are at the forefront of innovation and have been driving disruption in legacy industries at an unprecedented
pace, creating brand new markets and business models in the process. We believe that as these companies continue to scale, their addressable
markets continue to expand, and they reach financial maturity, they will make fundamentally attractive long-term investments that will
drive stockholder value creation. We believe that our mandate provides us with a broad pool of potential opportunities to complete an
initial business combination with. 

There
has been a significant increase in the amount of capital available and deployed in private markets in recent years, not only from traditional
venture capital firms but also other types of investors including hedge funds, mutual funds, and sovereign wealth funds. This has not
only driven private technology company valuations higher but has resulted in them staying private longer as these companies now have
greater access to growth capital and liquidity that the traditional IPO process has typically provided. However, we believe that there
are significant benefits to companies from being publicly traded at a certain stage of their development. These include increased brand
awareness and development, the ability to create acquisition currency to pursue inorganic growth, and increased access to capital markets.
Although global macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and rising interest rates, may have adverse impact upon availability and
deployment of new capital, we believe we are able to identify appropriate candidates suitable for a Business Combination. 

We
believe that combining with a blank check company, especially one with a management team with extensive technology investing experience,
will inherently be an attractive mechanism to go public. Given the current volatility experienced in both the stock market and debt capital
markets as a result of the adverse macroeconomic and market conditions, it has become increasingly difficult for high-quality businesses
that want to go public to do so on favorable terms. First, a traditional IPO process is inherently an inefficient mechanism for price
discovery as pricing and terms of an offering remain unknown until the day of pricing of the offering, resulting in uncertainty of proceeds
and valuation. Second, the traditional IPO book-build process can result in allocation decisions that leave companies with sub-optimal
or short-term focused investors that further drive volatility and hinder management s ability to drive long-term stockholder value
creation. Furthermore, the nature of the IPO process, including sizeable regulatory requirements and document drafting, selection of
underwriters, and investor roadshows and engagements, serves as an expensive distraction to management from the day-to-day operations
of their business. We believe blank check companies provide a transparent and efficient mechanism to go public due to their ability to
finalize terms of a transaction with a target prior to public disclosure and provide companies with a stable base of long-term focused
investors that have conducted significant due diligence. Our management s previous involvement with Nebula and its combination
with Open Lending (NASDAQ: LPRO), TWC Tech Holdings II and its combination with Cellebrite DI Ltd. (NASDAQ: CLBT) and Nebula Caravel
and its combination with Rover, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROVR), and our management team s collective 50+ years of technology investing experience,
provides us with significant differentiation in looking for combination opportunities compared to other technology-focused blank check
companies. 

2 

Investment
Criteria 

We
seek to identify companies that have compelling growth potential and a combination of the following characteristics. We use these criteria
and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter our initial business combination with a target business
that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire companies or assets that we believe have the following attributes: 

Large
 and growing market . We focus on investments in industry segments that we believe demonstrate attractive long-term growth prospects
 and reasonable overall size or potential; 

Attractive,
 inherently profitable business with high operating leverage . We seek to invest in companies that we believe possess not only
 established business models and sustainable competitive advantages, but also inherently profitable unit economics; 

Strong
 management teams . We spend significant time assessing a company s leadership and personnel and evaluating what we can do
 to augment and/or upgrade the team over time if needed; 

Opportunity
 for operational improvements . We seek to identify businesses that we believe are stable but at an inflection point and would
 benefit from our ability to drive improvements in the company s processes, go-to-market strategy, product or service offering,
 sales and marketing efforts, geographical presence and/or leadership team; 

Differentiated
 products or services . We evaluate metrics such as recurring revenues, product life cycle, cohort consistency, pricing per product
 or customer, cross-sell success and churn rates to focus on businesses whose products or services are differentiated or where we
 see an opportunity to create value by implementing best practices; 

Compelling growth prospects .
 We view growth as an important driver of value and seek companies whose growth potential can generate meaningful upside; 

Minimal technology risk .
 We seek to invest in companies that have established market-tested product or service offerings; and 

Appropriate valuations .
 We seek to be a disciplined and valuation-centric investor that invests on terms that we believe provide significant upside potential
 with limited downside risk. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as on other considerations, factors and criteria that our management
may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet
the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications
related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy
solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC. 

3 

Our
Management Team 

Our
management team is supported by True Wind Capital s team of investment professionals who each have meaningful technology-related
private equity and growth equity investing experience and possess extensive experience in corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions,
equity and debt capital markets, strategic consulting, and operations. Founded in 2015, True Wind Capital has completed 13 platform investments
and 21 add-on acquisitions across a range of structures and types including leveraged buyouts, management buyouts, growth equity, PIPEs,
public-take-privates, and carve-outs. We believe that True Wind Capital s operating expertise, transaction experience, and relationships
provide us with a substantial number of attractive potential business combination targets. 

The
past performance of our management team or of True Wind Capital is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business
combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You
should not rely on the historical record of our management s performance as indicative of our future performance. 

Our
Acquisition Process 

True
Wind Capital believes that conducting comprehensive due diligence on prospective investments is particularly important within the technology
industry. We have utilized and will continue to utilize the diligence, rigor, and expertise of True Wind Capital s platform to
evaluate potential targets strengths, weaknesses, and opportunities to identify the relative risk and return profile of any potential
target for our initial business combination. Given our management team s extensive tenure investing in technology companies, we
are familiar with the prospective target s end-market, competitive landscape and business model. 

In
evaluating a prospective initial business combination, we have conducted and will continue to conduct a thorough diligence review that
encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, financial
analyses and technology reviews, as well as a review of other information that will be made available to us. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with True Wind Capital, our sponsor,
our officers, or our directors, subject to certain approvals and consents. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with True Wind Capital, our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors,
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that
our initial business combination is fair to us from a financial point of view. Currently, we are not aware of an affiliate of True Wind
Capital that would make a suitable target for our initial business combination. 

Members
of our management team may directly or indirectly own our securities, and accordingly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining
whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each
of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial business combination. 

4 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations
or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination
opportunity to such entities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate
opportunity offered to any director or officer unless (i) such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity
as a director or officer of our company, (ii) such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would
otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue and (iii) the director or officer is permitted to refer the opportunity to us without violating
another legal obligation. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which
is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor
these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such
entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our
favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. We do not believe, however,
that the fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete
our initial business combination. 

We
have entered into forward purchase agreements with the forward purchasers that provide for the aggregate purchase of at least 50,000,000
of Class A common stock at 10.00 per share, in a private placement that will close concurrently with the closing of our initial business
combination. The forward purchasers commitments under the forward purchase agreements are subject to certain conditions as described
herein. The obligations under the forward purchase agreements will not depend on whether any shares of Class A common stock are redeemed
by our public stockholders. The forward purchasers will not receive any Class B common stock or warrants as part of the forward purchase
agreements; these shares will be identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units sold in our initial public offering,
except that the forward purchase shares will be subject to certain transfer restrictions and have certain registration rights, as described
herein. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and True Wind Capital may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other
blank check company prior to completion of our initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers, directors and True Wind
Capital could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank
check company with which they may become involved. Although we have no formal policy in place for vetting potential conflicts of interest,
our board of directors Board will review any potential conflicts of interest on a case-by-case basis. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding the deferred
underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement
in connection with our initial business combination. If our Board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the
target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from
an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses
in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination, although there is no assurance that will be the case. Additionally,
pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public
stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such
a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order
to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial
business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target,
our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case,
we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares,
our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent
to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken
into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target
business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target
businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

5 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires the affirmative vote of a majority of our Board, which must include a majority
of our independent directors to approve our initial business combination (or such other vote as the applicable law or stock exchange
rules then in effect may require). 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However,
if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business
combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior
to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination
or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination,
in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. In addition, we target businesses
with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the
private placement warrants, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account,
net of amounts needed to satisfy redemptions by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such
proposed initial business combination. We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination to fund
our working capital needs and transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination.
There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances
or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop
arrangements we may enter into. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously
with the completion of our business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have
sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial
business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

We
have filed a registration statement on Form 8-A with the SEC on July 15, 2021 to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12
of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current
intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation
of our initial business combination. 

Corporate
Information 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

6 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following July 20, 2026, (b) in
which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s
second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year
period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Our
executive offices are located at Four Embarcadero Center, Suite 2100, San Francisco, CA 94111, and our telephone number is (415) 780-9975.
Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference
in, and is not considered part of, this Report. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest
in our securities. 

Sourcing
of Potential Business Combination Targets 

We
anticipate that target business candidates will continue to be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including
investment bankers and investment professionals. Target businesses will continue to be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated
sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources will also continue to introduce us to target businesses
in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our public filings and know
what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, will continue to
bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or
informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we may receive a number
of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships
of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their respective industry and business contacts as well as their affiliates. While
we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions
on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting
fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction only
to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to
us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest
to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid
out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any
entity with which our sponsor or officers are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect
of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it
is). Although none of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are allowed to receive any
compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated
initial business combination, we do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective
affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Some of our officers and directors
may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The
presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements are not used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination
candidate. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with True Wind Capital, our sponsor,
our officers, or our directors, subject to certain approvals and consents. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with True Wind Capital, our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors,
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that
our initial business combination is fair to us from a financial point of view. Currently, we are not aware of an affiliate of True Wind
Capital that would make a suitable target for our initial business combination. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for one or more entities to which
he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such
business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or
she determines to present the opportunity to us (including as described above). 

7 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer
target businesses an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their
shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor
the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public
company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than
the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road
show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public
offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could
delay or prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and
an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests. It can offer further benefits by
augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available in the trust account for a business combination initially in the amount of 162,617,921 assuming no redemptions and after
payment of 5,898,059 of deferred underwriting fees and at least 50,000,000 in proceeds from the sale of the forward purchase shares,
we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential
growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete
our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility
to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs
and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available
to us. 

Significant
Activities Since Inception 

On
July 20, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 15,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 150.0
million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 8.9 million, of which approximately 5.3 million was for deferred underwriting
commissions and 218,000 was for offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities. We granted the underwriters a 45-day option
to purchase up to an additional 2,250,000 units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments. On August 9, 2021, the
underwriters purchased an additional 1,851,598 units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The over-allotment
units were sold at the offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating additional gross proceeds to us of 18.5 million. We incurred additional
offering costs of approximately 1.0 million in connection with the over-allotment, of which approximately 0.6 million was for deferred
underwriting commissions. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated a private placement of 3,500,000 warrants at a price of 1.50 per private
placement warrant to the sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 5.3 million. In connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment
option on August 9, 2021, the sponsor purchased an additional 246,880 private placement warrants at a purchase price of 1.50 per private
placement warrant, generating additional gross proceeds to us of 370,320. 

8 

Upon
the closing of the initial public offering, the over-allotment and the private placement, 168.5 million 10.00 per unit) of the net
proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and over-allotment and of the private placement warrants in the private
placement were placed in a trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders. 

Our
units began trading on July 16, 2021 on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol TWCBU. Commencing on September 8, 2021,
the securities comprising the units began separate trading. The units, common stock, and warrants are trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbols TWCBU, TWCB and TWCBW, respectively. 

Effecting
our Initial Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our
initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants
and the sale of the forward placement shares, if any, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid
in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be
financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies
and businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemption of our public shares,
we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance
or expansion of operations of post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing
our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds in connection with the completion of our initial business combination through a private offering of
equity securities or debt securities or loans, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offerings
or loans rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. 

In
the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy
materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by applicable law, we would
seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection
with our initial business combination. 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding the deferred
underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement
in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination will be determined by
our Board based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation
based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable
businesses. If our Board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction
with our initial business combination, although there is no assurance that will be the case. Subject to this requirement, our management
has virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we are not permitted
to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

9 

In
any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be
taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we have conducted and will continue to conduct a thorough due diligence review which encompasses,
among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review
of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. 

Any
costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination
is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. 

Unlike
other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable
that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing
our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the
 particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

10 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition,
the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible
that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is highly
unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we
cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the
particular target business. 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval
if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other reasons.
Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder
approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 Whether Stockholder Approval is Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 Yes 

Under
Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue
 shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then
 outstanding; 

any of
 our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively
 have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present
 or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance
 or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

11 

The
decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval
is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a
variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing
 of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either not
 enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other
 additional burdens on the company; 

the expected
 cost of holding a stockholder vote; 

the risk
 that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other
 time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional
 legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders. 

Permitted
Purchases of Our Securities 

In
the event we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates
may purchase public shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either
prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders,
directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq
rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms
or conditions for any such transactions. In the event our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective
affiliates determine to make any such purchases at the time of a stockholder vote relating to our initial business combination, such
purchases could have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such transaction. None of the funds in the trust account
will be used to purchase public shares in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making
any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases
are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder,
although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption
rights. We have adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to (1) refrain from purchasing securities when they are in
possession of any material non-public information and (2) to clear all trades with our compliance personnel or legal counsel prior to
execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be
dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances,
our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 

In
the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated
transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against
our initial business combination, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares
and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute
a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules
under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such
rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The
purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining
stockholder approval of our initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires
us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that
such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise
have been possible. 

12 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our
securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or any of their respective affiliates may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders
contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in
connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective
affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their
election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination. Such persons
would select the stockholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and
such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may
be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial
business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates will purchase shares only if such
purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any
purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or any of their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18
under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor
from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements
that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or any
of their respective affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of common stock if such purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2)
or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Stockholders Upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account
as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 10.02 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly
redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption right
will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in
order to validly redeem its shares. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting, and if they do vote,
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of
our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares
held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the
completion of our initial business combination either: (1) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination;
or (2) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or
conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of
the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock
exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval
while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common
stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure a business
combination transaction with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether
to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We currently intend to conduct redemptions pursuant to a stockholder
vote unless stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities
on Nasdaq, we are required to comply with such rules. 

13 

If
a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender
 offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
 and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with
Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender
offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more
than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that
we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than
we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. 

If,
however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to
obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation
 of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy
 materials with the SEC. 

We
expect that a final proxy statement would be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we
expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice
of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently
intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any stockholder vote even if we
are not able to maintain our Nasdaq listing or Exchange Act registration. 

In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval, unless otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rules, we will complete our initial
business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company
representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting.
Our initial stockholders, officers and directors will count towards this quorum and have agreed to vote any founder shares and any public
shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds and agreements, may make it more
likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares without
voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with
respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

14 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would
cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not
then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher
net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed
business combination may require: (1) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (2) cash to be transferred to the target
for working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (3) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with
the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares
of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the
terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination
or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation
on Redemption Upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert
or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with
respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, without our prior consent, which we refer
to as the Excess Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares,
and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination
as a means to force us or our affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other
undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial
public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our affiliates
at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no
more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders
to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business
combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However,
we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our
initial business combination. 

Tendering
Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We
may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer
documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business
combination in the event we distribute proxy materials or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository
Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, rather than simply voting against the initial business combination
at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares
in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery
requirements, which will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must
identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender
offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the business combination
if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant
to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a stockholder vote, a final
proxy statement would be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft
proxy statement would be made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption
if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders
to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

15 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering
broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be
incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver
shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

In
order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy
materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business
combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the
business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate
to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination
during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price,
he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation.
As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become
 option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate.
The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is
irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the
date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered
its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect
to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed
promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different
target until the end of the completion window. 

16 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only the time of the completion window to complete our initial
business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such period, we will: (1) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
(net of permitted withdrawals and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to
receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There are no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business
combination within the completion window. 

Our
initial stockholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the completion window. However, if our sponsor or any of our officers and directors acquires public shares,
it will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within the completion window. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of
our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our
initial business combination within the completion window, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their
shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals), divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred
underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules). 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.
However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the
extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us
an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the
proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account and any tax payments
or expenses for the dissolution of the trust, the per share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be
 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher
priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per share redemption amount received by stockholders
will not be substantially less than 10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against
us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims
must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such
amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

17 

Although
we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting
firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee
that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against
the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as
well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against
our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to
the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter
into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would
be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses
to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find
a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims
they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse
against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will
be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services
rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.00 per public share or (2) the actual amount per public share held in
the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value
of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals, except as to any claims by a third party that executed a waiver of any
and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether any such waiver is enforceable) and except as to any claims under our
indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that
our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations.
We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy
those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds in the trust account available
for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not
be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption
of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors
and prospective target businesses. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,
claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below: (1) 10.00 per public share; or (2) the actual amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would
determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that
our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us,
it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in certain instances. For
example, the cost of such legal action may be deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or
the independent directors may determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims
of creditors the actual value of the per share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

We
seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor has to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have
all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other
entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the trust account. Our sponsor is not liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined
that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for
claims made by creditors. 

18 

Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by
them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public
shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window may be considered a liquidating
distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to
ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims
can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional
150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a
liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to
the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window, is not considered a liquidating distribution under
Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations
for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of
a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, we will: (1)
cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (3) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly,
it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 24th month and, therefore, we do not intend
to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because
we are complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that
will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent
ten years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations are limited to searching
for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment
bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement,
we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting
firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. 

As
a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that
would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. 

Further,
our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below: (1) 10.00
per public share; or (2) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust
account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals and
will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. 

19 

If
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our Board may be
viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our
company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Please see Risk Factors If, after we
distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our Board may be
viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our Board and us to claims of punitive
damages. 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of the redemption of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window or if they redeem their respective shares for cash
upon the completion of the initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any
kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s
voting in connection with our initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us
for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering
that applies to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public
shares in complete our initial business combination within the completion window or with respect to any other material provisions relating
to the rights of holders of our Class A Common Stock or pre-initial business combination business activity, we will provide public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors
have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the
completion of our initial business combination. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other
things, that: 

prior
 to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either: (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
 at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or
 against, or abstain from voting on, the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit
 in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (net
 of permitted withdrawals); or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to tender their shares to us by means of a
 tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
 on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including
 interest (net of permitted withdrawals), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; 

we will
 consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such consummation and,
 solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business
 combination at a duly held stockholders meeting; 

20 

if our
 initial business combination is not consummated within the completion window, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute
 all amounts in the trust account; and 

prior
 to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to
 (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote on any initial business combination. 

These
provisions cannot be amended without the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock. In the event we seek stockholder approval in
connection with our initial business combination, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless otherwise
required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, we may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by a majority
of the shares of common stock voted by our stockholders at a duly held stockholders meeting. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered and may continue to
encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies,
private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these
entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates.
Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger
target businesses is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the
acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their
redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the
future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Sponsor
Indemnity 

Our
sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered
public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering
into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below: (1) 10.00 per public share; or (2) the actual
amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case, net of permitted withdrawals, except as to any claims by a third party
that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether any such waiver is enforceable) and except
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy
those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations. We believe the likelihood of our sponsor having to indemnify the trust account is limited because
we will endeavor to have all vendors and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. 

Employees 

We
currently have three officers and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their
time as they deem necessary to our affairs and intend to continue doing so until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time that any such person devotes in any time period to our company may vary based on whether a target business has been
selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 

21 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

Our
units, Class A common stock and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this Report
contains financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may
be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial
statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ). These
financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable
to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and
complete our initial business combination within the completion window. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified
by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential
target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that
these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential
business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We
are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer an emerging growth company
will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to
achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following July 20, 2026, (b) in
which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s
second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year
period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

22 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material
risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the company and its operations: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

the
 proceeds of the forward purchase shares being available to us; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

recent
 increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it
 more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses, including the location and industry of such target
 businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination
 opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our
 financial performance following this offering; and 

risks
 and uncertainties related to the technology and technology-enabled industries. 

23 

Additionally,
we are supplementing in this Report with the following risk factors: 

Economic
downturns and adverse political and market conditions beyond our control could adversely negatively affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Our
financial performance is subject to global and U.S. economic conditions. Economic recessions have had, and may continue to have, far
reaching adverse consequences across industries, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. Changes in economic
conditions, supply chain constraints, logistics challenges, labor shortages, and steps taken by governments and central banks, particularly
in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other stimulus and spending programs, have led to higher inflation, which has led to
an increase in costs and caused changes in fiscal and monetary policy, including increased interest rates. A continued economic downturn
or recession, or slowing or stalled recovery therefrom, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations or prospects. 

Furthermore,
in February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Although
the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine has led to market disruptions,
including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions, which has contributed
to record inflation globally. We are continuing to monitor inflation, the situation in Ukraine and global capital markets and assessing
its potential impact on our business. 

Although,
to date, our business has not been materially impacted by the ongoing military conflict between Russian and Ukraine, geopolitical tensions,
or record inflation, it is impossible to predict the extent to which our operations will be impacted in the short and long term, or the
ways in which such matters may impact our business. The extent and duration of the conflict in Ukraine, geopolitical tensions, record
inflation and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict but could be substantial. Any such disruptions may also magnify
the impact of other risks described in our Report. 

In
addition, changes in general market, economic and political conditions in domestic and foreign economies or financial markets, including
fluctuation in stock markets resulting from, for example: the COVID-19 pandemic; potential future government shutdowns or restrictions;
geopolitical challenges, including global security concerns and the possibility of retaliatory actions or various measures taken in response
to Russia s recent invasion of Ukraine; financial and credit market fluctuations or the unavailability of credit; and rising inflation.
Any one of these changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 

24 

We
may be subject to the Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in the event of a liquidation or in connection with
redemptions of our Class A common stock. 

On
August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (H.R. 5376) (the IR Act ), which, among
other things, imposes a 1 excise tax on any publicly traded U.S. domestic corporation that repurchases its stock after December 31,
2022 (the Excise Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the fair market value of the repurchased stock, with certain exceptions.
Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, we are a covered corporation 
within the meaning of the IRA. While not free from doubt, absent any further guidance from Congress, the Excise Tax may apply to any
redemptions of our Class A common stock, including redemptions in connection with an initial Business Combination, unless an exemption
is available. Issuances of securities in connection with our initial Business Combination transaction (including any PIPE transaction
at the time of our initial Business Combination) are expected to reduce the amount of the Excise Tax in connection with redemptions occurring
in the same calendar year, but the number of securities redeemed may exceed the number of securities issued. Consequently, the Excise
Tax may make a transaction with us less appealing to potential business combination targets. Further, the application of the Excise Tax
in the event of a liquidation is uncertain, but on December 27, 2022, the IRS published Notice 2023-2, which can be relied on by taxpayers
unless and until future contrary guidance is issued, clarifying that the Excise Tax would not apply to us upon a liquidation. Except
for franchise taxes and income taxes, it is possible that the interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account may not be used
to pay for possible Excise Tax or any other fees or taxes that may be levied on us pursuant to any current, pending or future rules or
laws, including without limitation any Excise Tax due under the IR Act on any redemptions or stock buybacks by us. 

For
the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our final prospectus
as filed with the SEC on July 19, 2021 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act relating to our Registration Statement on
Form S-1. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We
do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. We currently maintain our principal executive
offices at Four Embarcadero Center, Suite 2100, San Francisco, CA 94111. An affiliate of our sponsor provides this office space to us
at no cost. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To
the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity
as such or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

25 

PART
II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
units, Class A common stock and warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols TWCBU, TWCB 
and TWCBW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on July 16, 2021, and our Class A common stock and warrants
commenced separate public trading on September 8, 2021. 

Holders 

On
March 31, 2023, there were 1 holder of record of our units, 1 holder of record of our Class A common stock and 2 holders of record of
our warrants. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if
any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of
any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our Board at such time. Our Board
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds 

Of
the 173,765,980 in proceeds we received from our initial public offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of
 168,515,980, including 5,898,059 payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions, was placed in the Trust Account
maintained by American Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

There
has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from such use as described in our final prospectus as filed with the SEC on
July 19, 2021 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act relating to our Registration Statement on Form S-1. 

Item 6. Reserved. 

26 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References
to the Company, our, us or we refer to Bilander Acquisition Corp. The following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below
includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on February 5, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business
Combination ). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth
companies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2022 relates to our formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering ), described below and subsequent
to the Initial Public Offering, the search for a Business Combination target. We will not generate any operating revenues until after
the completion of the initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income
from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. 

Our
sponsor is Bilander Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for our
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on July 15, 2021 (the Registration Statement ). On July 20, 2021, we consummated
our Initial Public Offering of 15,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the
Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 150.0 million, and incurring
offering costs of approximately 8.9 million, of which approximately 5.3 million was for deferred underwriting commissions and 218,000
was for offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities. We granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional
2,250,000 Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. On August 9, 2021, the underwriters purchased
an additional 1,851,598 Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The over-allotment units were sold at an
offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds of 18.5 million. We incurred additional offering cost of approximately
 1.0 million in connection with the over-allotment, of which approximately 0.6 million was for deferred underwriting commissions and
approximately 23,000 of the offering costs was allocated to derivative warrant liabilities. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 3,500,000
warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price
of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 5.3 million (see Note 4). In connection
with the exercise of the over-allotment option on August 9, 2021, the Sponsor purchased an additional 246,880 Private Placement Warrants
at a purchase price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds of 370,320. 

27 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, over-allotment and the Private Placement, 168.5 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds
of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering, over-allotment and of the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement
were placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with American Stock Transfer Trust Company
acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market
funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution
of the Trust Account as described below. 

Recent
Developments 

On
March 28, 2022, we announced that Ms. Mindy Simon and Ms. Nima Kelly were appointed to our Board to serve as directors with a term expiring
at our second and third annual meeting of stockholders, respectively. Ms. Simon was determined to be an independent director 
as defined in the applicable Nasdaq listing standards, and she was appointed to the Board s audit committee and compensation committee. 

The
appointments of Ms. Kelly and Ms. Simon as members of our Board were not made pursuant to any arrangement or understanding with respect
to any other person. In addition, there are no related persons transactions (within the meaning of Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K) involving
either Ms. Kelly or Ms. Simon and us. 

In
addition, on March 28, 2022, Mr. James H. Greene, Jr. and Mr. Brandon Van Buren resigned from our Board effective immediately and on
May 9, 2022, Ms. Alexi A. Wellman resigned from our Board effective immediately. Neither of their resignations resulted from any disagreement
with us concerning any matter relating to our operations, policies or practices. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
December 31, 2022 we had operating cash of approximately 768,000 and working capital of approximately 512,000. 

Our
liquidity needs up to December 31, 2022 had been satisfied through the cash receipt of 25,000 from the Sponsor to purchase Founder Shares
(as defined in Note 4), and loan from the Sponsor of approximately 100,000 under the Note (as defined in Note 4). We repaid the Note
in full on July 20, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity has been satisfied through the
net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, over-allotment, the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account,
and the working capital reimbursements from the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with
a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated
to, provide us Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 there were no amounts outstanding under any Working
Capital Loan. 

28 

Management
has determined that the Company has access to funds from the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s
officers and directors to meet its need through the earlier consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. Over
this time period, the Company will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective
initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting
the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

Our
management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that the specific impact is not readily determinable
as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

We
have until July 20, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain whether the Company will be able to consummate a Business
Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution of the Company. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations, in accordance with the
Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40,
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, management determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Results
of Operations 

Our
entire activity since inception up to December 31, 2022 was in preparation for our Initial Public Offering and since the Initial Public
Offering, our search for prospective Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until the closing and completion
of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of investment income from our investments held in the
Trust Account. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting
and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of approximately 2.5 million, which consisted of a non-cash gain of approximately
 5.9 million for the change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities, approximately 2.0 million of income from investments held
in the Trust Account, which was offset by approximately 4.8 million in general and administrative expenses, approximately 200,000 in
franchise tax expenses and approximately 461,000 in income tax expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of approximately 2.6 million, which consisted of approximately 2.1 million in general
and administrative expenses, approximately 96,000 in franchise tax expenses, a non-cash loss of approximately 114,000 for the change
in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities, approximately 241,000 in offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities,
partially offset by approximately 15,000 of income from investments held in the Trust Account and approximately 17,000 of gain from
expiration of over-allotment option. 

29 

Contractual
Obligations 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any
shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the Working
Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares), as well as the Forward Purchasers and their permitted transferees, were entitled
to registration rights pursuant to a registration and stockholder rights agreement signed upon the consummation of the Initial Public
Offering. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. We will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

The
underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 3.4 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of
the Initial Public Offering (including over-allotment). In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per
Unit, or 5.9 million in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates and Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment.
It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at
the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one
or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 

Our
valuation of its Public and Private Placement Warrants requires significant management estimates and judgments and is further described
below. 

Concentration
of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that
potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation coverage limit of 250,000. We have not experienced losses on these accounts. A material loss
incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have an adverse impact on our financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

We
consider all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, we had no cash equivalents. 

30 

Investments
Held in the Trust Account 

Our
portfolio of investments is comprised of (i) U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or (ii) investments in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined
by us. When our investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of U.S. government securities, the investments are classified as
trading securities. When our investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of money market funds, the investments are recognized
at fair value. Trading securities and investments in money market funds are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end
of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in income on investments
held in the Trust Account in the accompanying statement of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account
are determined using available market information. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs
used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers consist of: 

Level
 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments in active markets; 

Level
 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted
 prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active;
 and 

Level
 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions,
 such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 

In
some circumstances, the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In
those instances, the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input
that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

We
do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial
instruments, including issued Public Warrant and Private Placement Warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain
features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC
815 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as
equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

The
Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly,
we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the carrying value of the instruments to fair value at each
reporting period until they are exercised. The initial fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public
Offering were estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the
Units, the fair value of the Public Warrants is based on the observable listed price for such warrants. The fair value of the Private
Placement Warrants was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model as of December 31, 2021. The fair value of the Public Warrants
was used to determine the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants as of December 31, 2022. The determination of the fair value of
the warrant liability may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could
differ significantly. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably
expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 

31 

We
granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional Units solely to cover over-allotments, if any. We estimated
the fair value of the over-allotment option using a Black-Scholes model. On August 9, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their
over-allotment option and subsequently, on August 29, 2021, the over-allotment option expired partially unexercised. 

Offering
Costs Associated with the Initial Public Offering and Over-Allotment 

Offering
costs consisted of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the Initial Public Offering and over-allotment
that were directly related to the Initial Public Offering and over-allotment. Offering costs were allocated to the separable financial
instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering and over-allotment based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds
received. Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities were expensed as incurred and presented as non-operating expenses
in the statement of operations. Offering costs associated with the Class A common stock issued were charged against the carrying value
of the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and over-allotment. We
classify deferred underwriting commissions as non-current liabilities because their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require
the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 

Class
A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption	 

We
account for our Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480. Class A common
stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable Class A common stock (including Class A common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of
the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, Class A common stock are classified as stockholders equity. Our Class A common stock features certain
redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
16,851,598 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders 
equity section of our balance sheets. 

We
recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting
period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the over-allotment
option, we recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in
capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

Net
Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock 

We
comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares,
which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes
of shares. Net income (loss) per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net income by the weighted average shares of common
stock outstanding for the respective period. 

The
calculation of diluted net income (loss) does not consider the effect of the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public
Offering (including the consummation of the over-allotment) and the Private Placement Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 7,959,780
shares of Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future
events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. We have considered the effect of Class B common stock
that were excluded from the weighted average number of basic shares outstanding as they were contingent on the exercise of over-allotment
option by the underwriters. Since the contingency was satisfied, we have included these shares in the weighted average number as of the
beginning of the period to determine the dilutive impact of these shares. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A common stock
is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

32 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, ASC Subtopic 820 Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale
Restrictions . The ASU amends ASC 820 to clarify that a contractual sales restriction is not considered in measuring an equity
security at fair value and to introduce new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that
are measured at fair value. The ASU applies to both holders and issuers of equity and equity-linked securities measured at fair value.
The amendments in this ASU are effective for the Company in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made
available for issuance. The Company is still evaluating the impact of this pronouncement on the financial statements. 

Our
management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted,
would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

JOBS
Act 

The
JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify
as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements
based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such
standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that
comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally,
we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions
we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over
financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required
of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement
that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the independent registered public accounting
firm s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and
(iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and
comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following
the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

33 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

The
net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account are invested in
U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these
investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our
financial statements and notes thereto begin on Page F-1. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer have concluded that during the period covered by this Report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for
external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that: 

(1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of our company, 

(2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. 

34 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

35 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

As
of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Scott
 W. Wagner 
 
 52 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Rufina
 A. Adams 
 
 42 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 Nima
 Kelly 
 
 60 
 
 Compliance
 Officer and Director 
 
 William
 J. Janetschek 
 
 61 
 
 Director

Lee
 Kirkpatrick 
 
 62 
 
 Director

Darren
 Thompson 
 
 59 
 
 Director

Mindy
 F. Simon 
 
 46 
 
 Director 

Scott
W. Wagner has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a Director since May 2021. Mr. Wagner served as a director and member of
the audit and compensation committees of TWC Tech Holdings II Corp. (NASDAQ: TWCT), a special purpose acquisition company, from 2020
to 2021, as a director and member of the audit and compensation committees of Nebula Caravel Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:NEBC), a blank
check company, from 2020 to 2021 and as the Chief Executive Officer of GoDaddy (NYSE: GDDY) from 2017 to 2019, and prior to that, as
President/Chief Operations Officer/Chief Financial Officer from 2012 to 2017. During Mr. Wagner s tenure, GoDaddy evolved from
its successful founding as the leading domain name registrar in the United States into a global software-as-a-service (SaaS) company,
capable of helping everyday entrepreneurs start, create, grow and manage their ideas successfully. Mr. Wagner also served as a director
of GoDaddy from 2017 to 2019. Prior to GoDaddy, Mr. Wagner was with KKR, a global investment manager, which he joined in 2000. At KKR,
Mr. Wagner was a founding member and helped lead the Capstone value creation team, which worked with KKR investment companies to grow
and improve. Mr. Wagner currently serves as a director of Scalefast, a digital commerce solutions provider, since 2020, and of GoFundMe,
an online fundraising platform, since 2021. Prior to joining KKR, Mr. Wagner worked with the Boston Consulting Group in Chicago and Madrid
from 1992 to 1995. He holds a B.A. in Economics with distinction, magna cum laude, from Yale University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business
School. Mr. Wagner is well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive operational and management experience on
a global level in the technology industry. 

Rufina
A. Adams has been our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since inception. Mrs. Adams is True Wind s Chief Financial Officer
and has the responsibility for all financial and regulatory reporting matters, in addition to the firm s compliance and cybersecurity
initiatives. She joined True Wind Capital in 2015 and served as a director of Nebula Acquisition Corporation (NASDAQ: NEBU), a special
purpose acquisition company, from 2019 to 2020 and as Chief Financial Officer of TWC Tech Holdings II Corp. (NASDAQ: TWCT) and Nebula
Caravel Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:NEBC), each of which a special purpose acquisition company, from 2020 to 2021. Prior to joining True
Wind Capital, Mrs. Adams was the Controller at Discovery Digital Networks, or DDN, a multi-channel Internet television and digital cable
network, where she managed the accounting department and its successful integration following its acquisition by Discovery Communications
(NASDAQ:DISCA), a mass-media company, in 2012. In addition, Mrs. Adams handled the integration of accounting and operations for DDN s
early acquisitions. Prior to joining DDN in 2008, Mrs. Adams was a Senior Investment Accountant for The Blackstone Group (NYSE:BX), a
private equity and asset manager, from 2007 to 2008 in New York where she gained experience in private equity accounting and investor
relations. Prior to joining the Blackstone Group, she was an Audit Senior for Deloitte and Touche in San Jose, CA from 2004 to 2006.
Mrs. Adams holds a B.S. in Accounting from Santa Clara University and is an inactive licensed CPA in the state of New York. 

Nima
Kelly has been our Compliance Officer since November 2021 and has served as one of our Directors since March 2022. Prior to joining
us, Ms. Kelly was the Chief Legal Officer at GoDaddy Inc. (NYSE: GDDY), a publicly traded Internet domain registrar and web hosting company,
from 2012 to 2021, where she managed GoDaddy Inc. s IPO and transformation from an entrepreneur-led company to a private equity-controlled
company and then to a fully independent public company. From 2002 to 2012, Ms. Kelly also served various roles at GoDaddy Inc., including
Deputy General Counsel, Vice President of Corporate Administration, Vice President of Public Relations, Executive Producer co-host
of Radio GoDaddy, Vice President of Wild West Domains and Product Manager Domains by Proxy. She holds a B.A. in Political Science from
Gettysburg College and a J.D. from the University of Pennsylvania Law School. Ms. Kelly is well-qualified to serve on the Board due to
her extensive corporate, legal and publicly-listed company experience. 

36 

William
J. Janetschek has served as one of our Directors since July 2021. Mr. Janetschek joined KKR in 1997 and retired in 2020 as a Partner
and its Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Janetschek was also a member of KKR s Balance Sheet Committee, Global Valuation Committee
and Risk and Operations Committee. Prior to joining KKR, he was a Tax Partner at Deloitte Touche LLP. Mr. Janetschek has served
on the Board of Directors of Freedom Acquisition I. Corp. (NYSE: FACT), a special purpose acquisition company, since February 2021. Mr.
Janetschek is actively involved in the community, serving as a sponsor and member of a variety of non-profit organizations including
Student Sponsor Partners, St. Brigid Catholic Church and St. John s University, where he is the Chairman of the Board of Trustees.
He holds a B.S. from St. John s University and an M.S. from Pace University. Mr. Janetschek is well-qualified to serve on the Board
due to his extensive corporate finance, accounting, tax, and publicly-listed company experience. 

Lee
Kirkpatrick has served as one of our Directors since July 2021. Mr. Kirkpatrick, age 62, is the founder of Kirkpatrick Capital 
Advisory, an advisory firm providing consulting services to technology companies since March 2019. Mr. Kirkpatrick served as the Chief
Financial Officer of Twilio Inc. (NYSE: TWLO), a cloud communications platform service provider, from May 2012 to December 2018. From
November 2010 to December 2011, Mr. Kirkpatrick served as Chief Financial Officer of SAY Media, Inc., a digital media and advertising
firm formed by the combination of VideoEgg, Inc. and SixApart, Ltd. From January 2007 to November 2010, Mr. Kirkpatrick served as Chief
Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of VideoEgg, Inc., an online advertising network. From April 2000 to December 2006, Mr.
Kirkpatrick served in several roles at Ofoto Inc., an online photography service, which was acquired by Eastman Kodak Company in 2001
and later renamed the Kodak Imaging Network, including as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. From March 1998 to March
2000, Mr. Kirkpatrick served as Chief Financial Officer of iOwn, Inc., an online real estate services website, which was acquired by
CitiMortgage, Inc. in 2001. From March 1997 to February 1998, Mr. Kirkpatrick served as Chief Financial Officer of HyperParallel, Inc.,
a data mining software company, which was acquired by Yahoo! Inc. in 1998. From August 1988 to February 1997, Mr. Kirkpatrick served
in several roles at Reuters Group PLC, a financial information and news service company, including as Manager of Special Projects, District
Finance Manager and Director of Finance and Operations. Mr. Kirkpatrick holds a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of
Southern California and an M.B.A. from Columbia University. Mr. Kirkpatrick is well-qualified to serve on the Board due to his extensive
corporate finance, technology industry, and publicly-listed company experience. 

Darren
Thompson has served as one of our Directors since July 2021. He has more than 25 years of executive leadership experience in the
financial services and real estate industries. Mr. Thompson served as a director and member of the audit committee of TWC Tech Holdings
II Corp. (NASDAQ: TWCT) and Nebula Caravel Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:NEBC), each of which a special purpose acquisition company, from
2020 to 2021. Since 2018, Mr. Thompson has been the Chief Financial Officer of Bowery Farming, a tech-enabled indoor vertical farming
company. In July of 2021, Mr. Thompson joined the board of Farmers Business Network, a private company focused on agricultural market
analytics. From 2016 to 2017, Mr. Thompson was the President of Spruce Finance, a technology-enabled consumer finance company serving
the energy efficiency and solar marketplace. From 2015 to 2016, Mr. Thompson was formerly the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice
President of Strategy for B2R Finance and Lending.com, both Blackstone-owned real estate lending companies. From 2011 to 2015, he was
also an advisory partner to RailField Realty Partners LLC, an apartment investment and asset management company. Prior to this, Mr. Thompson
was President of Avenue Mortgage Corp., the real estate investment subsidiary of Avenue Capital Group, a New York-based fixed-income
hedge fund. He formerly served as a trustee and Audit Committee chairman for Avenue Capital Group s public credit mutual funds.
He also served as a director and Audit Committee chairman for Boulevard Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: BLVD), a special-purpose acquisition
company that consummated its initial public offering in 2014 and its initial business combination in 2015, acquiring AgroFresh, The Dow
Chemical Company s post-harvest specialty chemical business; Mr. Thompson resigned from his position as a director in connection
with the consummation of the initial business combination. Mr. Thompson served as a regional judge for the White House Fellows Program
and is a former member of the governing board of the Robert Toigo Foundation (which seeks to promote diversity in the financial services
industry). Mr. Thompson graduated from Harvard College with honors in biochemistry and has an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Mr.
Thompson is well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his private investment advisory experience, his business experience
in operating companies in finance and technology, and his board experience with public and private companies. 

37 

Mindy
F. Simon has served as one of our Directors since March 2022 and she currently serves as Global Chief Operating Officer at Aon PLC
(NYSE: AON), a global insurance and risk mitigation services firm. Prior to Aon, she served as the Chief Information Officer of Conagra
Brands, Inc. (NYSE: CAG), one of North America s largest packaged food companies, from 2017 until late 2022. At Conagra Brands,
Inc., Ms. Simon led enterprise-wide technology and shared services and oversaw cybersecurity strategy, risk mitigation, technology strategy
and architecture, shared services strategy. From 2008 to 2017, Ms. Simon held several positions at Conagra Brands, Inc., including Vice
President of Information Technology and Vice President of Global Business Services. She holds a B.S. in Agriculture Economics from University
of Nebraska and an MBA from Creighton University. Ms. Simon is well-qualified to serve on the Board due to her extensive corporate, technology
and publicly-listed company experience. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been convicted
 in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

had any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association
 of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to
 that time; 

been subject
 to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, by any court of competent jurisdiction or federal
 or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type
 of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated
 with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been found
 by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been the
 subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged
 violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions
 or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting
 mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been the
 subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

38 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
Board consists of seven members. Holders of our founder shares will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation
of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the election of directors during
such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended if approved by a majority of
at least 90 of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. Our Board is divided into three classes with only one class of directors
being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving
a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Kirkpatrick and Janetschek will expire at
our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Ms. Simon and Mr. Thompson,
will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Wagner
and Ms. Kelly, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after
we consummate our initial business combination. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are required to hold
an annual meeting before the end of 2023, and we may not hold such annual meeting before our mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution
if a Business Combination is not consummated by July 20, 2023. 

Subject
to any other special rights applicable to the stockholders, any vacancies on our Board may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority
of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our Board that includes any directors representing our sponsor then on our Board,
or by a majority of the holders of our founder shares. 

Our
officers are appointed by the Board and serve at the discretion of the Board, rather than for specific terms of office. Our Board is
authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provides that our officers may
consist of a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, a
Treasurer, Assistant Treasurers and such other officers as may be determined by the Board. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
Board has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception,
Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the Board. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have
at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. The members of our audit committee are Mr. Janetschek,
Mr. Kirkpatrick, Mr. Thompson and Ms. Simon, and Mr. Kirkpatrick serves as chairman of the audit committee. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our Board has determined that Mr. Thompson qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

39 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting
 board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3)
 our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal
 audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; 

reviewing
 the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting
 firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public
 accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing
 and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate
 their continued independence; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent
 registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the independent registered public accounting firm, or by any inquiry or investigation
 by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out
 by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting
 to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent
 registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC
 prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
 or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published
 reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
 standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

40 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the Board. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required
to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. The members of our compensation committee
are Mr. Kirkpatrick, Mr. Janetschek and Ms. Simon. 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
 evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the
 remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and making recommendations to our Board with respect to (or approving, if such authority is so delegated by our Board) the compensation,
 and any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work
of any such adviser. 

However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend
a director nominee for selection by the Board. The Board believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility
of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will
participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Janetschek, Kirkpatrick and Thompson. In accordance
with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have
a nominating committee charter in place. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our Board considers educational background, diversity of professional
experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best
interests of our stockholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend
director candidates for nomination to our Board. 

41 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Ethics codifies the business and ethical
principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Availability
of Documents 

We
have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics, our audit committee charter and our compensation committee charter as exhibits to the
registration statement filed in connection with our initial public offering. You will be able to review these documents by accessing
our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge
upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report
on Form 8-K. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class
of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and
other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to
furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished
to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all reports applicable to our executive officers, directors
and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Executive
Officer and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s
fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors,
or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation
of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals are reimbursed for
any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing
due diligence on suitable business combinations. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds
held outside the trust account. Other than audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls
in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the Board for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our Board. 

42 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12 . Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 28, 2023 based on information
obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock, by: 

each person
 known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of
 our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and 

all our
 executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 of Class 
 
 Bilander Holdings, LLC (3) 

5,542,198 
 98.7 
 
 Rufina Adams 

Nima Kelly 

Scott W. Wagner 

16,667 

Lee Kirkpatrick 

16,667 

William J. Janetschek 

16,667 

Darren Thompson 

16,667 

Mindy F. Simon 

All executive officers and directors as a group (7 individuals) 

66,668 
 1.2 
 
 UBS O Connor LLC (5) 
 1,149,136 
 6.8 

Citadel Advisors LLC (6) 
 1,212,037 
 7.2 

Cantor Fitzgerald Securities (7) 
 1,148,423 
 6.8 

less than 1 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted,
 the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Bilander Acquisition Corp., Four Embarcadero Center,
 Suite 2100, San Francisco, CA 94111. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist
 solely of shares of Class B common stock which are referred to herein as founder shares. Such shares will automatically convert into
 shares of Class A common stock in three tranches after our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
 pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights as described in the prospectus for our initial public offering, (i) when certain triggering
 events based on our shares of Class A common stock trading at 12.00, 15.00 and 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within
 a 30-trading day period commencing any time after the completion of our initial business combination or (ii) upon specified strategic
 transactions, in each case prior to the ten year anniversary of our initial business combination, and as described in the section
 entitled Description of Securities of the prospectus for our initial public offering. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
 all shares of Class B common stock that are issued and outstanding on the ten year anniversary of our initial business combination
 will be automatically forfeited for no consideration. 

43 

(3) 
 Bilander Holdings, LLC
 is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Shipyard is the managing member of Bilander Holdings, LLC. Shipyard Advisors
 GP, LLC is the general partner of Shipyard As the managing members of Shipyard Advisors GP, LLC, Mr. Greene and Mr. Clammer may be
 deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of the Class B common stock held directly by Bilander Holdings, LLC. Each such person
 disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein,
 directly or indirectly. 

(4) 
 On
May 9, 2022, Ms. Alexi A. Wellman resigned from our Board effective immediately. Ms. Wellman transferred back to the Sponsor 8,334 shares
of Class B common stock following her resignation and retained the remaining 8,333 shares of Class B common stock received upon the Company s
initial public offering. 

(5) 
 According
to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023 by UBS O Connor LLC, with address at One North Wacker Drive, 32nd Floor,
Chicago, Illinois 60606, UBS O Connor LLC owns 1,149,136 shares of Class A common stock. 

(6) 
 According
to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Citadel Advisors LLC Citadel Advisors ), Citadel Advisors Holdings
LP CAH ), Citadel GP LLC CGP ), Citadel Securities LLC Citadel Securities ), Citadel Securities
Group LP CALC4 ), Citadel Securities GP LLC CSGP and Mr. Kenneth Griffin with respect to shares of Class
A common stock owned by Citadel Multi-Strategy Equities Master Fund Ltd., a Cayman Islands company CM ), and Citadel Securities.
The address of each of these entities and individual is Southeast Financial Center, 200 S. Biscayne Blvd., Suite 3300, Miami, Florida
33131. Citadel Advisors is the portfolio manager for CM. CAH is the sole member of Citadel Advisors. CGP is the general partner of CAH.
CALC4 is the non-member manager of Citadel Securities. CSGP is the general partner of CALC4. Mr. Griffin is the President and Chief Executive
Officer of CGP, and owns a controlling interest in CGP and CSGP. Each of Citadel Advisors, CAH and CGP may be deemed to beneficially
own 1,210,041 shares of Class A common stock. Each of Citadel Securities, CALC4 and CSGP may be deemed to beneficially own 1,996 shares
of Class A common stock. Mr. Griffin may be deemed to beneficially own 1,212,037 shares of Class A common stock. 

(7) 
 According
to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by (1) Cantor Fitzgerald Securities CFS ), a New York general partnership,
(2) Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. Cantor ), a Delaware limited partnership, (3) CF Group Management, Inc. CFGM ),
a New York corporation and (4) Mr. Lutnick, a United States citizen with respect to shares of Class A common stock owned by CFS. CFGM
is the managing general partner of Cantor and directly or indirectly controls the managing general partner of CFS. Mr. Lutnick is Chairman
and Chief Executive of CFGM and trustee of CFGM s sole stockholder. Cantor, indirectly, holds a majority of the ownership interests
of CFS. As such, each of Cantor, CFGM and Mr. Lutnick may be deemed to have an aggregate beneficial ownership of 1,148,423 shares of
Class A common stock securities directly held by CFS. 

The
table above does not include the shares of common stock underlying the private placement warrants or forward purchase securities held
or to be held by our sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this Report. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Table 

None. 

Changes
in Control 

Not
applicable. 

44 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions 

In
February 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.006 per share. In February 2021, our sponsor transferred 12,500 founder shares to each of Messrs. Kirkpatrick, Wagner, Thompson and
Ms. Wellman. On April 30, 2021, we effected a 4:3 split of the founder shares, resulting in an aggregate of 5,750,000 Class B common
stock, par value 0.000075, 5,683,332 shares of which were held by our sponsor and 66,668 shares of which were held by our officers and
director nominees. In May 2021, we nominated Mr. Janetschek as director and assigned him 16,667 shares of Class B common stock, which
together resulted in our sponsor holding 5,666,665 shares of Class B common stock and our officers and director nominees holding 83,335
shares of Class B common stock. The 83,335 founder shares held by our officers and director nominees shall not be subject to forfeiture
in the event the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the
expectation that the founder shares would represent 25 of the outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of our initial public
offering. If we increase or decrease the size of our initial public offering, we will effect a stock dividend or share contribution back
to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation
of our initial public offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of founder shares by our initial stockholders prior to our
initial public offering at 25 of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of our initial public offering. 

On
May 9, 2022, Ms. Alexi A. Wellman resigned from our Board effective immediately. Ms. Wellman transferred back to the Sponsor 8,334 shares
of Class B common stock following her resignation and retained the remaining 8,333 shares of Class B common stock received upon the Company s
initial public offering. 

Our
sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 3,500,000 (or 3,800,000 if the underwriters option to purchase additional units is exercised
in full) private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.50 per warrant in the Private Placement. As such, our sponsor s
interest in this transaction is valued at between 5,250,000 and 5,700,000, depending on the number of private placement warrants purchased.
Each private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided herein. The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of
the private placement warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which
he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such
business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or
she determines to present the opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have other relevant fiduciary, contractual or other
obligations or duties that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or
any of their respective affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no
cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

45 

An
affiliate of the Company paid general and administrative expenses on behalf of the Company. An aggregate of 28,216 and 5,380, as reflected
in the accompanying balance sheets is outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are due on demand and
are non-interest bearing. 

Prior
to the consummation of our initial public offering, our sponsor advanced approximately 100,000 to us under a promissory note to cover
expenses related to our initial public offering. We repaid the promissory note in full on July 20, 2021. 

In
connection with the consummation of our initial public offering, we have entered into forward purchase agreements with several institutional
accredited investors, which we refer to herein as forward purchasers, that provide for the aggregate purchase of at least 50,000,000
of Class A common stock at 10.00 per share, in a private placement that will close concurrently with the closing of our initial business
combination. The forward purchasers commitments under the forward purchase agreements are subject to certain conditions, as described
in the prospectus for our initial public offering. The obligations under the forward purchase agreements will not depend on whether any
shares of Class A common stock are redeemed by our public stockholders. The forward purchasers will not receive any Class B common stock
or warrants as part of the forward purchase agreements; these shares will be identical to the shares of Class A common stock included
in the units being sold in our initial public offering, except that the forward purchase shares will be subject to certain transfer restrictions
and have certain registration rights, as described in the prospectus for our initial public offering. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, an affiliate
of our sponsor or our officers and directors may, but none of them is obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete
our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the
event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account
to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans
may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the
private placement warrants issued to our sponsor. The terms of such loans by our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers
and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek
loans from parties other than our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors, if any, as we do not believe third
parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us, if any, may be paid consulting, management or other
fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive officer
and director compensation. 

We
have entered into a registration and stockholder rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and
warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans (if any), as well as forward purchase shares. 

As
contemplated in our Registration Statement, we entered into a Consulting Agreement with Shipyard Advisors, L.P. Shipyard ),
dated as of August 28, 2021, pursuant to which Shipyard will provide consulting services in connection with our search for a target business
and completion of our initial business combination. We will pay Shipyard 1,000,000 per fiscal quarter payable from July 20, 2021
until the earlier of the closing of a Business Combination and July 20, 2023. The payment is deferred until the closing of a Business
Combination or such other date as the parties mutually agree, and either party may terminate this agreement upon thirty (30) days 
prior written notice to the other party. Shipyard is the managing member of the sponsor. Mr. James H. Greene, Jr. and Mr. Adam H. Clammer
are the managing members of Shipyard Advisors GP, LLC, which is the general partner of Shipyard. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we
incurred approximately 5,793,000 and 1,793,000, respectively, in expenses related to this agreement, which was included in accrued
liabilities on the balance sheets. 

46 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our Board be independent. An independent director is defined generally as
a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in
the opinion of our Board, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. Our Board has determined that Messrs. Janetschek, Kirkpatrick, Thompson and Ms. Simon are independent directors 
as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee is entirely composed of independent directors
meeting Nasdaq s additional requirements applicable to members of the audit committee. Our independent directors will have regularly
scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item
14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed and to be billed by Withum
for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in
our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period
from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled approximately 79,250 and 147,000, respectively. The above amounts
include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We
did not pay Withum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax
Fees . The aggregate fees billed and to be billed by Withum are approximately 7,800 and 7,100, respectively, for tax fees for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Withum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our Board.
Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of
the audit). 

47 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following
 documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statements Schedule 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required
information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto in is Item 15 of Part IV below. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Copies of such material can be obtained on the
SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not
applicable. 

48 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on July 20, 2021. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 with the SEC on February 23, 2021. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated July 15, 2021 by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on July 20, 2021. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 15, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the sponsor, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on July 20, 2021. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 15, 2021, by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on July 20, 2021. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 15, 2021, by and among the Company and certain security holders, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on July 20, 2021. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 15, 2021, by and between the Company and the sponsor, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on July 20, 2021. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Promissory Note, dated February 11, 2021, issued to the sponsor, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 with the SEC on February 23, 2021. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, between the Company and the sponsor, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 with the SEC on February 23, 2021. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A with the SEC on March 26, 2021. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Forward Purchase Agreement between the Company and the party listed on the signature page thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A with the SEC on July 7, 2021. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

49 

BILANDER
ACQUISITION CORP. 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page
 No. 

Financial
 Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of 

Bilander Acquisition Corp.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Bilander Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company
is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by July 20, 2023, then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described
in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2021. 

, New York 

March 31, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 2 

BILANDER
ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 
 
 -

Accrued expenses 
 -

Due to related party 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares at and per share redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized none issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding (excluding 16,851,598 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

BILANDER
ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities 
 -

Gain from expiration of over-allotment option 
 -

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Total other income (expenses) 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 -

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A common stock

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B common stock

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

BILANDER
ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 5, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - February 5, 2021 (inception) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor (1)(2) 
 -
 
 -

-

Excess of cash received over fair value of private placement warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Forfeiture of Class B common stock 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

-

(1) 

(2) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

BILANDER
ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

General and administrative expenses paid by related party under promissory note 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Gain from expiration of over-allotment option 
 -

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 
 
 -

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 
 -

Interest released from Trust Account 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 -

Proceeds from note payable to related party 
 -

Repayment of note payable to related party 
 -

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross 
 -

Proceeds received from private placement 
 -

Offering costs paid 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 
 
 -

Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued expenses 
 -

Deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the initial public offering 
 -

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for taxes 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

BILANDER ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the
Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring
offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting commissions and 
was for offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities. The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase
up to an additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments. On August 9, 2021, the underwriters
purchased an additional Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The over-allotment units were
sold at the offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of million. The Company incurred
additional offering costs of approximately million in connection with the over-allotment, of which approximately million was
for deferred underwriting commissions. 

warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price
of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately million (see Note 4). In connection
with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option on August 9, 2021, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement
Warrants at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . 

million per Unit) of the net
proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and over-allotment and of the Private Placement Warrants in the Private
Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with American Stock Transfer 
Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less or
in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct
U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding the deferred
underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the
initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or
acquires or more of the voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

F- 7 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount
to be distributed to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions that
the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified
as temporary equity in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination
if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will not redeem the Public Shares in an
amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than . If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company
does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules
of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a
Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder
approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the
proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with
a Business Combination, the Initial Stockholders (as defined below) agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and
any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Stockholders
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a
Business Combination.

or more of the Public Shares,
without the prior consent of the Company. 

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

, and/or to pay for
the Company s taxes permitted withdrawals and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by
the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
other applicable law. 

F- 8 

. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the
extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered
or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality
or other similar agreement or business combination agreement (a Target ), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account
to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date
of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less
taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or Target that executed a waiver of any and
all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under
the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor
will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective
target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

F- 9 

in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately . 

from the Sponsor to purchase Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4), and a loan from the Sponsor of approximately 
under the Note (as defined in Note 4). The Company repaid the Note in full on July 20, 2021 in connection with the Initial Public Offering,
at which time the Note was terminated. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has
been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, over-allotment, the Private Placement held
outside of the Trust Account, and the working capital reimbursements from the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. 

F- 10 

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. A material loss incurred
or a lack of access to such funds could have an adverse impact on the Company s financial conditions, results of operations, and
cash flows. 

F- 11 

warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement (including the Public Warrants,
as defined in Note 4, included in the Units and the Private Placement Warrants) were recognized as derivative liabilities in
accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments
to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised. The
fair value of the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are estimated using Monte Carlo simulation and Black-Scholes option
pricing model, respectively. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the fair value of the Public
Warrants is based on the observable listed price for such warrants. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants was estimated using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model as of December 31, 2021. The fair value of the Public Warrants was used to determine the fair
value of the Private Placement Warrants as of December 31, 2022. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liability may be
subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly. Derivative
warrant liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current
assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 

additional Units solely to cover over-allotments, if any.
The Company estimated the fair value of the over-allotment option using a Black- Scholes model. On August 9, 2021, the underwriters partially
exercised their over-allotment option and subsequently, on August 29, 2021, the over-allotment option expired partially unexercised. 

F- 12 

shares
of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section
of the Company s balance sheets.

shares of Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted income
(loss) per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury
stock method. The Company has considered the effect of Class B common stock shares that were excluded from the weighted average number
of basic shares outstanding as they were contingent on the exercise of over-allotment option by the underwriters. Though the contingency
was satisfied, the Company had losses for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. As such, these shares
were not included in the weighted average number as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. Accretion
associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

F- 13 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common stock outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock 

Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting
commissions and was for offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities. On August 9, 2021, the underwriters purchased
an additional Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The over-allotment units were sold at an
offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of million. The Company incurred additional
offering cost of approximately million in connection with the over-allotment, of which approximately million was for deferred
underwriting commissions. 

per share, subject to adjustment
(see Note 7). 

F- 14 

shares of the
Company s Class B common stock, par value per share (the Founder Shares ), for an aggregate purchase price
of . In February 2021, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to each of Messrs. Kirkpatrick, Wagner and Thompson and Ms.
Wellman. On April 30, 2021, 
All share and per share amounts have been retroactively restated. In May 2021, On August 9, 2021, the underwriters partially
exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units. Subsequently, the Sponsor forfeited shares of Class
B common stock. 

shares of Class B common stock following her
resignation and retained the remaining shares of Class B common stock received upon the Company s initial public offering. 

Private Placement Warrants
at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately million. In connection with
the exercise of the over-allotment option on August 9, 2021, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants at
a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . 

per share. A portion of the
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held
in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants
will expire worthless. Except as set forth below, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a
cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or their permitted transferees. 

F- 15 

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This
loan was non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed approximately 
under the Note, and it was repaid in full on July 20, 2021. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility was no longer available to the Company.

million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price
of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such
Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company has an immaterial amount due to an affiliate of the Sponsor and had no borrowings under the Working Capital
Loans. 

and , as reflected in the accompanying balance sheets, is outstanding as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are due on demand and are non-interest bearing. 

per fiscal quarter payable from July 20, 2021 until the earlier
of the closing of a Business Combination and July 20, 2023. The payment is deferred until the closing of a Business Combination or such
other date as the parties mutually agree, and either party may terminate this agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice
to the other party. Shipyard is the managing member of the Sponsor. Mr. James H. Greene, Jr. and Mr. Adam H. Clammer are the managing
members of Shipyard Advisors GP, LLC, which is the general partner of Shipyard. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred
approximately and approximately , respectively, in expenses related to this agreement, which are included in accrued
liabilities on the balance sheets. 

of Class A common stock at per share, in a private placement that will close concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination.
The Forward Purchasers commitments under the forward purchase agreements are subject to certain conditions described in the prospectus
for the Initial Public Offering. The obligations under the forward purchase agreements will not depend on whether any shares of Class
A common stock are redeemed by the Company s Public Stockholders. The Forward Purchasers will not receive any Class B common stock
or warrants as part of the forward purchase agreements; these shares will be identical to the shares of Class A common stock included
in the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the forward purchase shares will be subject to certain transfer restrictions
and have certain registration rights. 

F- 16 

The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from
the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of
the underwriting agreement. 

excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and
certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the
Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the
abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any share redemption or other share repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection
with a Business Combination, extension vote, liquidation or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the
Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote, liquidation or otherwise will depend
on a number of factors, including (i) further guidance by the Treasury, (ii) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases
in connection with the Business Combination, extension, liquidation or otherwise, (iii) in the case of redemptions in connection with
a Business Combination, the structure of a Business Combination, and (iv) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity
issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within
the same taxable year of a Business Combination, extension vote, liquidation or otherwise). In addition, because it is still unclear
whether the excise tax would be payable by the Company or possibly by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of payments, if any, of the
excise tax have not been determined and no industry practices have yet been developed. Because of this uncertainty, the Company s
ability to complete a Business Combination could be impacted. 

F- 17 

Public Warrants
and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 

per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business
Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 18 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class
A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common
stock outstanding, all of which were subject to possible redemption.

F- 19 

Less: 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Fair value of over-allotment option liabilities 

Offering costs allocated to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Plus: 

Accretion on Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share, with such designations,
voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per
share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, which were all
subject to possible redemption and have been classified as temporary equity (see Note 7). 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per
share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of Class B common stock were issued and outstanding with no shares subject
to forfeiture (see Note 4). 

vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of Class B
common stock will have the right to elect all of the Company s directors prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination.
On any other matter submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders, holders of Class B common stock and holders of Class A common
stock will vote together as a single class, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule. 

, and of the shares of Class B common stock outstanding upon the completion of this offering, will automatically convert
into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment as provided herein) after the initial Business Combination
when the triggering event corresponding to each such tranche based on the shares trading at , or per share for any
20 trading days within a 30-trading day period occurs prior to the ten year anniversary of the initial Business Combination. In the case
that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold
in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common
stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Class B common stock agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number
of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of each tranche of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an
as-converted basis, at a conversion ratio of , or (based on varying price triggers as discussed in more detail
below) of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of
Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination (including
the forward purchase shares), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business
Combination in consideration for such seller s interest in the Business Combination target and any Private Placement Warrants issued
upon the conversion of Working Capital Loans made to the Company.

F- 20 

State 
 -
 
 -

Deferred 

Federal 

State 
 -
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 
 
 -

Net operating loss carryforwards 
 -

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 
 -
 
 -

and , respectively.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had - - and , respectively, in net operating loss carryovers to offset future taxable
income. 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities 

Gain from expiration of over-allotment option 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

F- 21 

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative warrant liabilities - Public Warrants 
 
 - 
 -

Derivative warrant liabilities - Private Warrants 
 -

- 

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative warrant liabilities - Public Warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

Derivative warrant liabilities - Private Warrants 
 -
 
 -

F- 22 

million and (0.1) million, respectively, presented
as change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities on the accompanying statements of operations. 

Stock price 

Volatility 
 
- 
 
 Term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Transfer of Private Warrants to Level 2 

Derivative liabilities at December 31, 2022 
 -

Over-allotment option 

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1 

Exercise of over-allotment option 

Gain from expiration of over-allotment option 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Derivative liabilities at December 31, 2021 

. On March 12, 2023, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and the FDIC made
joint announcements that all depositors of SVB will have access to the full amount of their deposits insured and uninsured. Since
March 13, 2023, the Company has had access to the funds held in, and has been able to make vendor payments out of, the operating account
at SVB. None of the Company s trust account deposits are held at SVB. 

F- 23 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 Bilander
Acquisition Corp. 

By: 
 /s/
 Scott W. Wagner 

Name: 
 
 Scott
 W. Wagner 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities on March 31, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Position 

/s/
 Scott W. Wagner 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and
 Director 
 
 Scott W. Wagner 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer 

/s/
 Rufina Adams 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Rufina Adams 
 
 (Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Nima Kelly 
 
 Compliance Officer and Director 
 
 Nima Kelly 

/s/
 William J. Janetschek 
 
 Director 
 
 William J. Janetschek 

/s/
 Lee Kirkpatrick 
 
 Director 
 
 Lee Kirkpatrick 

/s/
 Darren Thompson 
 
 Director 
 
 Darren Thompson 

/s/ Mindy F. Simon 
 
 Director 
 
 Mindy F. Simon 

50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_bilander.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Scott W. Wagner, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Bilander Acquisition Corp. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this Report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Scott W. Wagner 

Scott W. Wagner 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_bilander.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Rufina A. Adams, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Bilander Acquisition Corp. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this Report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Rufina A. Adams 

Rufina A. Adams 

Chief Financial
Officer and Secretary 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_bilander.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Bilander
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott W. Wagner, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Scott W. Wagner 

Scott W. Wagner 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_bilander.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Bilander
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Rufina A. Adams, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Rufina A. Adams 

Rufina
 A. Adams 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 twcb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 twcb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 twcb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 twcb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 twcb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

