<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230207_10-K_edgar_data_1361113_0001628280-23-002580.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19220188</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>550497</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9954470</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3793445</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2497107</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2213217</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-002580.hdr.sgml : 20230207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230207162838
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-002580
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VARONIS SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001361113
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				571222280
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36324
		FILM NUMBER:		23595436

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1250 BROADWAY, 31ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-292-8767

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1250 BROADWAY, 31ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-002580.txt : 20230207

10-K
 1
 vrns-20221231.htm
 10-K

vrns-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________ 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 for the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 for the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number: 
 ________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _____________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 _____________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements 
 of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant's voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was approximately billion. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Summary Risk Factors 
 
 This report contains, and management may make, certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements, other than statements of historical facts, may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, likely, may, plan, project, seek, should, strategy, target, will, would and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to management. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control, that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified in the Summary Risk Factors below and those discussed in Item 1A-Risk Factors and Item 7-Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 
 
 The risks that might cause actual results to differ from our expectations include, among other things, those that may be disclosed from time to time in subsequent reports filed with or furnished to the SEC, those described under Risk Factors set forth in Item 1A of this Annual Report, and the following, which also summarizes the principal risks of our business: 
 
 the fact that the market for software that analyzes, secures, governs, manages and migrates enterprise data may not continue to grow or grow at the same pace; 
 prolonged economic uncertainties or downturns; 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 increased competition; 
 security breaches, cyberattacks or other cyber-risks and failure to comply with legal requirements, contractual obligations and industry standards regarding security, data protection and privacy; 
 fluctuation in our quarterly results of operations due to variability in our revenues; 
 our expansion into cloud-delivered services; 
 our ability to predict renewal rates and manage growth effectively; 
 our limited operating history at our current scale, which makes it difficult to evaluate and predict our future prospects; 
 our history of losses; 
 our ability to maintain strong relationships with our channel partners, including distributors and resellers, to whom we sell substantially all of our products and services; 
 risks inherent in our international operations, including the effect of export and import controls and the risk of a violation or alleged violation of applicable anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws; 
 collection and credit risks; 
 our ability to maintain or enhance our brand recognition or reputation; 
 our ability to retain, attract and recruit highly qualified personnel; 
 our dependency on the continued services and performance of our co-founder, Chief Executive Officer and President; 
 our ability to continually enhance and improve our technology; 
 the fact that we derive substantially all of our revenues and cash flows from sales of licenses from a single platform of products; 
 the fact that, if we experience interruptions or performance problems with our products, or if our software is not perceived as being secure, customers may reduce the use of or stop using our products; 
 our ability to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights; 
 the fact that our tax rate may vary significantly depending on our stock price; 
 our ability to fully utilize our net operating loss carryforwards; 
 our indebtedness; and 
 stock price volatility. 
 
 You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. All such statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 i 

VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 35 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 
 PART II Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 
 Item 6 
 Reserved 
 38 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 50 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 89 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 89 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 89 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 90 
 PART III Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 91 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 91 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 91 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 91 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 91 
 PART IV Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 92 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 92 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 3, 2004 and commenced operations on January 1, 2005. Our principal executive offices are located at 1250 Broadway, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10001. For convenience in this report, the terms Company, Varonis, we and us may be used to refer to Varonis Systems, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries, except where indicated otherwise. Our telephone number is (877) 292-8767. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Varonis is a pioneer in data security and analytics, fighting a different battle than conventional cybersecurity companies. We are pioneers because more than 15 years ago we recognized that enterprise capacity to create and share data far exceeded its capacity to protect it. We believed that rapid data growth combined with increasing information dependence would change both the global economy and the risk profiles of corporations and governments. Since our founding, our focus has been on using innovation to address the cyber-implications of these trends, creating software that provides new ways to track, alert and protect data wherever it is stored. 
 
 Data continues to grow in new and existing data stores both on-premises and in the cloud, a trend we have seen accelerate as companies around the world undergo a wave of digital transformation initiatives which have significantly impacted how they must approach data security. These data stores facilitate rapid collaboration from a hybrid workforce, but as these data stores grow in size and criticality, the relationships between the data they hold and the users that collaborate with it grow more complex, making those relationships difficult to visualize, understand and control without the benefit of automation. 
 
 In addition to data growth, companies face an environment where threat actors continue to refine their strategies to monetize sensitive data and the risk of substantial fines for noncompliance with data-centric regulations continues to grow. At the same time, organizations are seeing a global scarcity of in-house technical expertise, as the demand for cybersecurity professionals significantly outpaces supply, and IT and security experts are under pressure to solve growing problems with fewer resources. We believe that these trends provide us a long-term opportunity to fulfill our mission of protecting sensitive data for our customers and alleviating the resource pressure that companies are facing through our automation capabilities. 
 
 Enterprises now use many different combinations of data stores and require varying levels of automated protection. We believe our offering provides comprehensive data coverage and we aim to keep pace with the relentless growth and complexity of data. We started in 2005 with coverage for Windows file shares. Today, we offer coverage for more than 40 of the most mission-critical on-premises and cloud data stores and applications. In 2021, we launched our DatAdvantage Cloud hosted solution that centrally monitors and protects data across multiple cloud data stores, Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS") applications and Infrastructure-as-a-Service ("IaaS") environments as well as Data Classification Cloud to help automatically identify sensitive information. In 2022, we continued to enhance DatAdvantage Cloud and Data Classification Cloud with new functionality. In addition, we announced the availability of our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform as a SaaS, which offers simpler deployment, faster time-to-value, and groundbreaking new automation capabilities. Given these benefits to our customers, we expect SaaS deployments to grow significantly over the next several years to become the primary driver of our sales as we transition our business to a predominately SaaS-based company. 
 
 Our software specializes in data protection, threat detection and response, data privacy and compliance. Varonis software enables enterprises of all sizes and industries to protect data stored on-premises and in the cloud, including: sensitive files and emails; confidential personal data belonging to customers, patients and employees; financial records; source code, strategic and product plans; and other intellectual property. Recognizing the complexities of securing data, we have built an integrated platform for security and analytics to simplify and streamline security and data management. 
 
 The Varonis Data Security Platform helps enterprises protect data against cyberattacks from both external and internal threats. Our technology enables enterprises to analyze data, account activity and user behavior to help detect and prevent attacks. Varonis prevents or limits unauthorized use of sensitive information, detects and prevents potential cyberattacks and limits potential damage by automatically locking down data, allowing access to only those who need it and automating the removal of stale data when it is no longer useful. Customers can efficiently sustain a secure state with automation and address additional important use cases, including data protection, data governance, Zero Trust, compliance, data privacy, classification and threat detection and response. The Varonis Data Security Platform is driven by a proprietary technology, our Metadata Framework, that extracts critical metadata, or data about data, from an enterprise s information technology ("IT") infrastructure. Our platform uses this contextual information to map functional relationships among employees, data objects, systems, content and usage. In doing so, our platform provides real-time intelligence about an enterprise s massive volumes of data, making it more secure, accessible and manageable. 
 1 

We believe that the (i) Varonis Data Security Platform technology, (ii) coverage of more than 40 of the most mission-critical on-premises and cloud data stores and applications and (iii) technical experts within the Company who continue to expand and improve our offering are our primary, hard to replicate competitive advantages. The strength of our solution is driven by several proprietary technologies and methodologies that we have developed, coupled with how we have combined them into our highly versatile platform. Our belief in our technological advantage stems from us having developed a way to do each of the following: 
 
 analyze the relationships between users and data with sophisticated algorithms, including cluster analyses and machine learning; 
 visualize and depict the analyses in an intuitive manner, including simulating contemplated changes and automatically executing tasks that are becoming increasingly more complex for IT and business personnel; 
 identify and automatically classify data as sensitive, critical, private or regulated, to help organizations ensure compliance with regulations, including the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"); 
 automate remediation of excessive access to sensitive information across large data stores and cloud applications to safely ensure a Zero Trust or least privilege model; 
 profile users, devices and data to detect suspicious account behavior and unusual file and email activity using deep analysis of metadata, machine learning and user behavior analytics; 
 profile cloud configuration and interconnectivity to identify potential exposure and abuse; 
 generate meaningful, actionable alerts when security-related incidents are detected; 
 enable security teams to investigate and respond to cyber threats more quickly and conclusively; 
 automatically respond to severe incidents, such as ransomware, to limit potential impact and reduce recovery times; 
 provide customers Live Updates to our platform which address the rapidly evolving threats they face; 
 determine relevant metadata and security information to capture without impacting the enterprise's computing and network infrastructure; 
 modify and enrich that metadata in a way that makes it comparable and analyzable despite it having originated from disparate IT systems, and create supplemental metadata, as needed, when the existing IT infrastructure s activity logs are insufficient; 
 decipher the key functional relationships of metadata, the underlying data, and its creators; and 
 use those functional relationships to create a graphical depiction, or map, of the data that will endure as enterprises continuously add large volumes of data to their network and storage resources. 
 
 The broad applicability of our technology has resulted in our customers deploying our software for numerous use cases. These use cases include: automatic discovery and classification of high-risk, sensitive data; data security posture management; automated remediation of over-exposed data; centralized visibility and risk analysis of enterprise data and monitoring of user behavior and file activity; security monitoring and risk reduction; data breach, insider threat, malware and ransomware detection; automatic response to ransomware and other severe incidents to limit exposure and reduce recovery times; data ownership identification, assignment, and automatic involvement; forensics, reporting and auditing with searchable logs; meeting security policy and compliance regulation; automatic data migration; cloud migration; automation of retention and disposition policies; automatic data quarantine; intelligent archiving; and automated indexing for data subject requests related to privacy and compliance requirements. 
 
 We sell substantially all of our products and services to channel partners, including distributors and resellers, which sell to end-user customers, which we refer to in this report as our customers. We believe that our sales model, which combines the leverage of a channel sales model with our highly trained and professional sales force, has and will continue to play a major role in our ability to grow and to successfully deliver our unique value proposition for securing enterprise data. While our products serve customers of all sizes, in all industries and all geographies, the marketing focus and majority of our sales focus is on 
 2 

targeting organizations with 1,000 users or more who can make larger initial purchases with us and, over time, have a greater potential lifetime value. Our customers span leading firms in the financial services, public, healthcare, industrial, insurance, technology, consumer and retail, energy and utilities, construction and engineering and education sectors. We believe our existing customer base serves as a strong source of incremental revenues given our broad data coverage, the growing volumes and complexity of their enterprise data and the associated security concerns. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2019, we began offering subscription licenses whereby the customer has the right to install our software on premises and use it over a designated period of time. At this time, our subscription revenues now account for substantially all of our total license revenues. 
 
 To date, a small portion of our sales were derived from our SaaS offerings that allow customers to use hosted software. As we transition to a predominantly SaaS-based business model, we expect that sales from these arrangements will become a significant portion of our total sales over the next several years. 
 
 Size of Our Market Opportunity 
 
 The International Data Corporation s Global DataSphere Forecast, 2022-2026, predicts that over the next five years, data will grow at a compound annual growth rate of 21 to reach more than 221 zettabytes (or 221 trillion Gigabytes) by 2026. That data will include both structured and unstructured data, but unstructured data overwhelmingly dominates, accounting for more than 90 of the data created each year. We expect this significant growth to continue creating a need for technologies that use automation to protect and manage data. We believe that the diverse functionalities offered by our platform position us well to capitalize on this powerful trend in the digital universe. 
 
 Our Technology 
 
 Our proprietary technology extracts critical information about an enterprise s data and its supporting infrastructure, and uses this contextual information, or metadata, to create a functional map of an enterprise s data and underlying file systems. Our Metadata Framework technology has been architected to process large volumes of enterprise data and the related metadata at a massive scale with minimal demands on the existing IT infrastructure. On October 31, 2022, Varonis announced the availability of our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform as a SaaS; prior to this announcement, only the DatAdvantage Cloud licenses were available as a cloud-hosted solution. The benefits of SaaS delivery are widely established for both customers and providers, and we believe this evolution will be transformational for several reasons: customers will be able to more quickly and easily deploy and maintain our solutions with reduced infrastructure requirements and lower upfront costs; and risk assessments, the core of our sales motion, are expected to be quicker and more controllable. 
 
 Key Benefits of Our Technology 
 
 We believe our transition to SaaS enhances many of the below benefits and will allow us to deliver additional benefits to customers that our cloud technology unlocks. Varonis will have better visibility into customer usage, issues, and behaviors that will better inform our innovation; customers will seamlessly benefit from continual threat model updates that will help them stay ahead of evolving threats; and the SaaS model will allow us to deliver additional features and functionality to customers more efficiently. 
 
 Data Protection 
 
 Comprehensive Solution for Managing and Protecting Enterprise Data. Our products enable a broad range of functionality, including data governance, least privilege and Zero Trust, as well as intelligent retention. Moreover, our solution is applicable across most major enterprise data stores and SaaS applications (Windows, UNIX/Linux, Intranets, email systems, Microsoft 365, including SharePoint Online, Teams and OneDrive for Business, Salesforce, AWS, Slack, GitHub, Okta, Google Drive and Box). 
 
 Actionable Insight and Automation. Our products help customers identify and prioritize risks to their data and automatically remediate exposures so that they are less vulnerable to internal and external threats, more compliant and consistently follow a least privilege model. Because of the complexity present in even modest enterprises, we believe that effective remediation is impossible at scale without intelligent automation. 
 
 Visibility and Data Monitoring Capabilities All in One Place. Our solution combines analysis from disparate on-premises and cloud stores, applications and infrastructure and presents them in a single view, even as data storage and user access become more dispersed and complex in hybrid environments. 
 3 

Fast Time to Value and Low Total Cost of Ownership. Our solutions do not require custom implementations or long deployment cycles. Our software can be deployed in under an hour and allows customers to realize real value with minimal effort. The availability of our platform as a SaaS is expected to further reduce the total cost of ownership and accelerate the time-to-value for our customers. 
 
 Ease of Use. While we utilize complex data structures and algorithms in our data engine, we abstract that complexity to provide a sleek, intuitive interface. Our software is accessible through a standard web browser and requires limited training, saving time and cost and making it accessible to a broader set of users. The availability of our platform as a SaaS is expected to further improve the ease of use for our customers, with a more modern, responsive front-end user interface and a best-of-breed cloud infrastructure on the backend. 
 
 Highly Scalable and Flexible Data Engine. Our metadata analysis technology is built to be highly scalable, allowing our customers to analyze vast amounts of enterprise data. Moreover, our proprietary platform is built with a flexible, modern cloud architecture, allowing customers to seamlessly and transparently expand their data coverage without impacting performance. 
 
 Threat Detection and Response 
 
 Threat Detection and Response with User, Data and System Context. Our solutions combine classification and data access governance with User and Entity Behavior Analytics ("UEBA") on data stores, cloud applications, directory services and perimeter devices, including Domain Name System ("DNS"), Virtual Private Network ("VPN") and web proxy, for accurate detection and risk reduction. Our solutions reduce risk relating to unauthorized use and cyberattacks and reduce incident time to detection (TTD) and time to resolution (TTR). 
 
 Protect Data from Insider Threats, Data Breaches, Malware and Cyberattacks. Our solutions analyze how employee accounts, service accounts and admin accounts use and access data, profile employees roles and file contents, baseline normal behavior patterns, and alert on significant deviations from profiled behaviors. Our customers are able to detect advanced persistent threats ("APTs"), cybercriminals, rogue insiders, attackers that have compromised internal systems and employee accounts, malware, ransomware and other significant threats. 
 
 Proactive Incident Response. Under a SaaS delivery model, the Varonis incident response and forensics teams can review, triage, and proactively notify customers of any incidents that require their attention. Because Varonis centrally monitors a wide array of customer environments, we can spot patterns across tenants and take action to prevent data breaches. We expect this ability will be accelerated with our transition to a SaaS-based business model. 
 
 Compliance 
 
 Discover and Identify Regulated Data. Our solutions automatically discover, identify and classify sensitive, critical and regulated data to help meet privacy and compliance requirements. 
 
 Monitor and Detect Security Vulnerabilities. Our solutions analyze, monitor, detect and report on potential security vulnerabilities: helping companies achieve compliance by creating full audit trails, achieving a least privilege model and locking down sensitive data to only those who need it, and facilitate breach notification and security investigations. By ensuring least privilege, monitoring all access and alerting on potential misuse, Varonis enables privacy-by-design on data stores containing sensitive and regulated information. 
 
 Fulfill Data Subject Access Requests ("DSARs") and Protect Consumer Data. Our solutions help fulfill DSARs from file systems on-premises and in the cloud. Customers can easily find relevant files, pinpoint who has access and enforce policies to move and quarantine regulated data. 
 
 Our Growth Strategy 
 
 Our objective is to be the primary vendor to which enterprises turn to protect their data. The following are key elements of our growth strategy. 
 
 Extend Our Technological Capabilities Through Innovation and Strategic Transactions. We intend to increase, in absolute dollars, our current level of investment in product development in order to enhance existing products to address new use cases and continue to deliver new products. We believe that the flexibility, sophistication and broad applicability of our platform will allow us to use this framework as the core of numerous future products built on our same core technology. Our 
 4 

ability to leverage our research and development resources has enabled us to create a new product development engine that we believe can proactively identify and solve enterprise needs and help us further penetrate and grow our markets. Additionally, in 2021, we introduced new data coverage to protect additional cloud applications and infrastructure that were further developed by us after acquiring a provider of software that maps and analyzes relationships between users and data across a number of cloud applications and services. Lastly, we recently announced the availability of our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform as a SaaS, which we believe will be mutually beneficial for us and our customers. We will continue to seek additional opportunities to extend our technological capabilities and grow our business, from continued organic investments in our research and development efforts to technological tuck-in acquisitions. 
 
 Grow Our Customer Base. The unabated rise in enterprise data, ubiquitous reliance on digital collaboration and increased cybersecurity concerns continue to drive demand for data protection, compliance and threat detection and response solutions. We intend to capitalize on this demand by targeting new customers, underpenetrated markets and use cases for our solutions. Our solutions address the needs of customers of all sizes, ranging from small and medium sized businesses to large multinational companies with hundreds of thousands of employees and petabytes of data. Although our solutions are applicable to organizations of all sizes, we have and will continue our focus on targeting larger organizations who can make larger purchases with us initially and over time. 
 
 Increase Sales to Existing Customers. We believe significant opportunities exist to further expand relationships with existing customers. Data growth and related security concerns continue across all data stores, and enterprises want to standardize solutions that help them manage, protect and extract more value from their data, wherever it is stored. We expect to continue to drive incremental sales from our existing customers through the increased use of our software within our installed base by expanding footprint and usage. We believe our existing customer base serves as a strong source of incremental revenues given our broad product functionality, their growing volume and complexity of enterprise data and the associated security concerns. As we continue to innovate by addressing more use cases, adding more data coverage, and providing automated data security outcomes to customers, we expect to see broader and stickier adoption of our platform. In addition, our transition to a predominately SaaS-based business model provides us with a unique opportunity to convert existing customers to SaaS. Our renewal rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 continued to be over 90 . Our key strategies to ensure a high renewal rate for our products include focusing on the quality and reliability of our customer service and support teams and providing software upgrades and enhancements when available. 
 
 Grow Sales from Our Newer Licenses and Functionality. We continue to introduce additional licenses and enhancements to existing products to support new functionalities and believe these can also be a meaningful contributor to our growth. In October 2020, we announced the acquisition of Polyrize Security Ltd. ("Polyrize"), whose technology was used to the launch of the DatAdvantage Cloud and Data Classification Cloud licenses. In the second half of 2021, we launched our first SaaS offering, introducing products and support for cloud applications and infrastructure, including AWS, Box, GitHub, Google Drive, Jira, Okta, Salesforce, Slack and Zoom. On October 31, 2022, we announced the availability of our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform as a SaaS, which was previously only sold as a self-hosted solution. 
 
 Expand Our Sales Force. Continuing to expand our sales force will be essential to achieving our customer base expansion goals. Our approach to in-house development of sales representatives through the Varonis Academy have been key to our successful growth in the past and will be central to our growth plan in the future. While our products serve customers of all sizes, in all industries and all geographies, the marketing focus and majority of our sales focus is on targeting organizations with 1,000 users or more who can make larger initial purchases with us and, over time, generate a greater potential lifetime value. Our customers span leading firms in the financial services, public, healthcare, industrial, insurance, technology, consumer and retail, energy and utilities, construction and engineering and education sectors. We also believe our existing customers represent significant future revenue opportunities for us. We believe that our sales model, which combines the leverage of a channel sales model with our highly trained and professional sales force to efficiently identify leads, perform risk assessments and convert them to satisfied customers, has and will continue to play a major role in our ability to grow and to successfully deliver our unique value proposition for enterprise data. 
 
 Establish Our Data Security Platform as the Industry Standard. We have worked with several of the leading providers of NAS and hybrid cloud storage, including Dell/EMC, IBM, NetApp, HP, Hitachi and Nasuni in order to expand our market reach and deliver enhanced functionality to our customers. We have worked with these vendors to assure compatibility with their product lines. Through the use of application programming interfaces (APIs), and other integration work, our solutions also integrate with many providers of solutions in the ecosystem. We will continue to pursue such collaborations wherever they advance our strategic goals, thereby expanding our reach and establishing our platform as the de facto industry standard when it comes to enterprise data. 
 
 Continue International Expansion. We believe there is a significant opportunity for our platform to address the need for data protection and threat detection and response in international markets. Revenues from Europe, the Middle East and Africa 
 5 

EMEA") accounted for 23 and revenues from Rest of World ROW accounted for 3 of our revenues, respectively, in 2022. We believe that international expansion will be a key component of our growth strategy, and we will continue to invest and market our products and services overseas. These investments have recently included key hires in the APAC region, including an overall head of the region, as well as country managers in different locations. 
 
 Our Products 
 
 With the introduction of our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform as a SaaS, our licensing model is expanding. While our on-premises subscription licensing will remain the same, we are transitioning away from selling only those licenses, in which we offer an array of modular licenses which customers can purchase individually or as a bundle, to SaaS, which will be sold as platform licenses providing, by default, the functionality of multiple core modules. Details are provided in the sections below. 
 
 On-Premises Subscription ("OPS") 
 
 Our self-hosted product licenses utilize our core technology to deliver features and functionality that allow enterprises to fully understand, secure and benefit from the value of their data. This architecture gives our clients the ability to select the features they require for their business needs and the flexibility to expand their usage simply by adding a license, and the fully-integrated nature of our products allows individual products to enhanc e the functionality of the others. At the same time, the ease of consumption under a subscription-based model has allowed us to deliver on customer demand for a greater number of our licenses, providing our customers more value more quickly while leading to substantial future license upsell and cross-sell opportunities. 
 
 DatAdvantage. DatAdvantage, our flagship product, captures, aggregates, normalizes and analyzes every data access event for every user on Windows and UNIX/Linux servers, storage devices, email systems, Intranet servers, cloud applications and data stores, without requiring native operating system auditing functionalities or impacting performance or storage on file systems. 
 
 DatAlert. DatAlert profiles users and devices and their associated behaviors with respect to systems and data, detects and alerts on meaningful deviations that indicate compromise, provides a web-based dashboard and investigative interface and seamlessly integrates with security information and event management systems (SIEM). DatAlert helps enterprises quickly detect suspicious activity, prevents data breaches and cyberattacks, performs security forensics, visualizes risk and prioritizes and accelerates investigation. 
 
 Data Classification Engine. Data Classification Engine identifies and tags data based on criteria set in multiple metadata dimensions and provides business and IT personnel with actionable intelligence about this data, including a prioritized list of folders and files containing the most sensitive data and with the most inadequate permissions. For the identified folders and files, it also identifies who has access to that data, who is using it, who owns it, and recommendations for how to restrict access without disrupting workflow. 
 
 DataPrivilege. DataPrivilege provides a self-service web portal that allows users to request access to data necessary for their business functions, and allows owners to review accessibility, sensitivity and usage of their data assets and grant and revoke access without IT intervention. 
 
 Data Transport Engine. Data Transport Engine provides an execution engine that unifies the manipulation of data and metadata, translating business decisions and instructions into technical commands, such as data migration or archiving. Data Transport Engine allows both IT and business personnel to standardize and streamline activities for data management and retention. 
 
 DatAnswers. DatAnswers provides a secure, relevant and timely search functionality for enterprise data and helps companies comply with data privacy regulations, eDiscovery requests and to facilitate data subject access requests. 
 
 Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS") 
 
 Our SaaS product portfolio currently includes two product lines: (1) our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform, which protects Microsoft 365, Windows file shares, Active Directory, Edge devices (VPN, DNS, proxy) and hybrid NAS storage, and (2) DatAdvantage Cloud, which protects SaaS and IaaS environments such as Salesforce, AWS, Google Drive, Box, GitHub, Zoom, Slack, Jira and Okta. 
 
 6 

Varonis Data Security Platform . The early success of our license bundles under the OPS model demonstrated that customers want to utilize and benefit from the majority of Varonis core functionality from the start. We know that customers who utilize a higher number of licenses see more value upfront through automation and synergy between modules. Therefore, we are drastically simplifying our subscription licensing under SaaS, combining five of our most popular licenses into a single Varonis Data Security Platform license. The Varonis Data Security Platform SaaS license will include, by default, the functionality of five core modules: DatAdvantage, DatAlert, Automation Engine, Data Classification Engine and Data Classification Policy Pack. We will no longer refer to these licenses by name; rather, they will be considered built-in functionality of the Varonis Data Security Platform SaaS license. In addition to the functionality mentioned above, the Varonis Data Security Platform SaaS license includes new capabilities not available in our self-hosted product suite. Today, the Varonis Data Security Platform SaaS license includes: 
 
 Risk assessment dashboards . Provides customers with real-time visibility of their data security posture across their multi-cloud and on-premises data, helps prioritize remediation efforts, and tracks progress over time. 
 
 Data access intelligence . Combines data sensitivity, permissions, and activity to show customers who has access to critical data (i.e., their data blast radius), how they got access, and whether access is necessary. 
 
 Data discovery classification . Automatically and continuously scans the contents of files, folders, and other objects to determine sensitivity with a high degree of accuracy and precision. 
 
 Discovery policy library . A frequently updated library for identifying and classifying personal information specific to GDPR, CCPA, and US federal controlled unclassified information (CUI). 
 
 Least privilege automation . Automatically and continuously remediates excessive data access granted via shared links, direct permissions, and group memberships without manual effort and without impacting business continuity. 
 
 Data activity monitoring . Gives customers a real-time view into who is accessing data via a normalized and enriched log of data-centric events such as create, open, read, move, modify, and delete. Varonis also tracks, among other things, permission changes, authentication events, password updates and shared link activity. 
 
 Data detection and response . Provides high-fidelity, data-centric alerts and automated response actions. Includes a web-based alerts dashboard and investigative interface, and seamlessly integrates with security information and event management systems (SIEM). 
 
 User entity behavior analytics . Profiles users and devices and their associated behaviors with respect to systems and data, detects and alerts on meaningful deviations that indicate compromise. New UEBA threat models are automatically delivered to customers to guard against evolving tactics used by cybercriminals, insiders, and APTs. 
 
 Varonis Data Security Platform SaaS customers can decide which data stores, applications, and infrastructure they want to protect by purchasing Protection Packages. Our SaaS platform supports virtually every resource covered by our self-hosted version, and we believe our SaaS architecture will allow us to add support for new resources faster than ever. 
 
 The Protection Packages currently available for the Varonis Data Security Platform SaaS are: 
 
 Microsoft 365 . Includes support for SharePoint Online, OneDrive for Business, Microsoft Teams, and Azure AD. Customers can purchase add-on support for Exchange Online. 
 
 Windows NAS . Includes support for Windows/CIFS-based file shares and NAS storage such as NetApp and Dell EMC. Customers can purchase add-on support for on-premises Active Directory and Edge devices (VPN, DNS, proxy). 
 
 Hybrid . Combined support for the protected resources in the Microsoft 365 and Windows NAS packages. 
 
 Varonis DatAdvantage Cloud. DatAdvantage Cloud is a SaaS platform that helps organizations protect data across SaaS applications and IaaS environments. DatAdvantage Cloud offers functionality similar to our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform including, but not limited to, data risk assessment dashboards, data classification, data access 
 7 

intelligence, data activity monitoring, data detection and response, and least privilege automation. The protected resources currently available for DatAdvantage Cloud are Salesforce, Google Drive, Box, AWS (including S3), GitHub, Slack, Zoom, Okta, and Jira. 
 
 Our Customers 
 
 We currently have customers in over 90 countries. Our customers span numerous industries and vary greatly in size, ranging from small and medium businesses to large multinational enterprises and government agencies. Our customers include leading firms in the financial services, public, healthcare, industrial, insurance, technology, consumer and retail, energy and utilities, construction and engineering and education sectors, with hundreds of thousands of employees and petabytes of data. 
 
 Services 
 
 Maintenance and Support of Subscription and Perpetual Licenses 
 
 Maintenance and support associated with a subscription contract is included in the Subscriptions revenue line of the statement of operations. Maintenance and support associated with perpetual licenses is included in the Maintenance and services line of the statement of operations. These maintenance agreements provide customers the right to receive support and unspecified upgrades and enhancements when and if they become available during the maintenance period and access to our technical support services. 
 
 We maintain a customer support organization that provides all levels of support to our customers. Our customers that purchase maintenance and support services receive guaranteed response times, direct telephonic support and access to online support portals. Our customer support organization has global capabilities with expertise in both our software and complex IT environments and associated third-party infrastructure. 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 While users can easily deploy our software on their own, certain enterprises use our professional service team to provide fee-based services, which include training our customers in the use of our products, providing advice on network design, product configuration and implementation, automating and customizing reports and tuning policies and configuration of our products for the particular characteristics of the customer s environment. Although professional services have always been a small percentage of our total revenues, we have recently seen, and expect to continue to see, that percentage decline as many of our newer licenses can provide remediation in more automated ways. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Sales 
 
 We sell substantially all of our products and services to a global network of resellers and distributors that we refer to as our channel partners. Our channel partners, in turn, sell the products they purchase from us to customers. In addition, we maintain a highly trained professional sales force that is responsible for overall market development, including the management of the relationships with our channel partners and supporting channel partners in winning customers through operating demonstrations and risk assessments. Our channel partners identify potential sales targets, maintain relationships with customers and introduce new products to existing customers. Sales to our channel partners are generally subject to our standard, non-exclusive channel partner agreement. These agreements are generally for a term of one year with a one-year renewal term and can be terminated by us or the channel partner for any reason upon 30 days notice. A termination of the agreement has no effect on orders already placed. Payment to us from the channel partner is typically due within 30 to 60 calendar days of the invoice date. 
 
 Marketing 
 
 Our marketing strategy focuses on building our brand and product awareness, increasing customer adoption and demand, communicating advantages and business benefits as well as generating leads for our channel partners and sales force. We market our software as the Varonis Data Security Platform, a solution for securing and managing enterprise data. We execute our marketing strategy by leveraging a combination of internal marketing professionals, external marketing partners and a network of regional and global channel partners. Our marketing organization is responsible for branding, content generation, demand generation, field marketing and product marketing, and works with our business operations team to support channel marketing and sales support programs. We provide one-on-one and community education and awareness and promote the 
 8 

expanded use of our software. We host in-person or virtual Varonis Connect! customer events across sales regions, as well as free, online technical webinars in multiple regions. We focus our efforts on highly relevant content creation, events, campaigns and activities that can be leveraged by our channel partners worldwide to extend our marketing reach, such as information regarding product awards and technical certifications, security training, regional seminars and conferences, webinars, podcasts and various other demand-generation activities. Our marketing efforts also include public relations in multiple regions, industry analyst relations, customer marketing, account-based marketing, targeted advertising, extensive content development available through our website and content syndication, and our active blog. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Our research and development efforts are focused primarily on improving and enhancing our existing products, including features and new SaaS functionalities for our products, as well as developing new products. Use of our products has expanded from data governance into areas such as data security, threat detection and response, privacy, accessibility and retention, and we anticipate that customer demand and innovation will drive functionality into additional areas. We regularly release updates to our products which incorporate new features and enhancements to existing ones. We conduct the majority of our research and development activities in Israel, and we believe this provides us with access to world-class engineering talent. In addition, we continue to seek opportunities to extend our technological capabilities and grow our business from strategic technological tuck-in acquisitions. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We attempt to protect our technology and the related intellectual property under patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions. No single intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting our products. The nature and extent of legal protection of our intellectual property rights depends on, among other things, its type and the jurisdiction in which it arises. As of December 31, 2022, we had 85 issued patents and 12 pending patent applications in the United States. Our issued U.S. patents expire between 2025 and 2039. We also had 55 patents issued and 42 applications pending for examination in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and two pending Patent Cooperation Treaty PCT patent applications, all of which are counterparts of our U.S. patent applications. The claims for which we have sought patent protection relate primarily to inventions we have developed for incorporation into our products. 
 
 In addition to patented technology, we rely on our unpatented proprietary technology and trade secrets. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, service providers, vendors and customers and generally limit internal and external access to, and distribution of, our proprietary information and proprietary technology through certain procedural safeguards. We also rely on invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and others, to assign to the Company all inventions developed by such individuals in the course of their engagement with the Company. 
 
 Moreover, we have registered the Varonis name and logo and DatAdvantage, DataPrivilege, DatAlert, and other names in the United States and, as related to some of these names, certain other countries. 
 
 In addition to Company-owned intellectual property, we license software from third parties for integration into our solution, including open source software and other software available on commercially reasonable terms. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products, processes and services. While we have generally been able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms in the past, such third parties may not continue to maintain such software or continue to make it available to us. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 See Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Seasonality and Quarterly Trends. 
 
 Competition 
 
 While there are some companies which offer certain features similar to those embedded in our solutions, as well as others with which we compete in certain use cases, we believe that we do not currently compete with a company that offers the same breadth of functionalities on the number of platforms and application that we cover. Nevertheless, we do compete against a select group of software vendors that provide standalone solutions, similar to those found in our comprehensive software suite, in the specific markets in which we operate. We also face direct competition with respect to certain use cases, specifically data migration, data subject access requests and Active Directory security. As we continue to augment our functionality with insider threat detection and user behavior analytics and as we expand our classification capabilities to better serve compliance needs with new regulations, like GDPR, CCPA and other data privacy laws, and as these functionalities continue to be recognized as 
 9 

critical to protect enterprise data, we may face increased perceived and real competition from other security and classification technologies. In the future, as customer requirements evolve and new technologies are introduced, we may experience increased competition if established or emerging companies develop solutions that address the enterprise data market. Furthermore, because we operate in an evolving market, we anticipate that competition will increase based on customer demand for these types of products. 
 
 A number of factors influence our ability to compete in the markets in which we operate, including, without limitation: the continued reliability and effectiveness of our products functionalities; the breadth and completeness of our solutions features; the scalability of our solutions; and the ease of deployment and use of our products. We believe that we generally compete favorably in each of these categories. We also believe that we distinguish ourselves from others by delivering a single, integrated solution and sophisticated automation to address our customers needs regarding security access, governance, privacy and retention with respect to their enterprise data. However, we may not be able to remain unique in this capacity or continue to be able to compete favorably with other providers in the future. 
 
 If a more established company were to target our market, we may face significant competition. They may have competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, larger sales, marketing, research and acquisition resources, access to larger customer bases and channel partners, a longer operating history and lower cloud labor and development costs, all of which may enable them to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements or to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products than we do. Increased competition could result in us failing to attract customers or maintain renewals and licenses at the same rate. It could also lead to price cuts, alternative pricing structures or the introduction of products available for free or a nominal price, reduced gross margins, longer sales cycles and loss of market share. 
 
 In addition, our current or prospective channel partners may establish cooperative relationships with any future competitors. These relationships may allow future competitors to rapidly gain significant market share. Such developments could also limit our ability to generate revenues from existing and new customers. If we are unable to compete successfully against current and future competitors our business, results of operations and financial condition may be harmed. 
 
 Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,143 employees and independent contractors who developed, marketed, sold and supported our technology solutions, including 952 in the United States, 708 in Israel and 483 in other countries. 
 
 We understand that our innovation leadership is ultimately rooted in our people. Competition for qualified personnel in the technology space is intense, and our success depends in large part on our ability to recruit, develop and retain a productive and engaged workforce. Accordingly, investing in our employees and their well-being, offering competitive compensation and benefits, promoting diversity and inclusion, adopting effective human capital management practices and community outreach constitute core elements of our corporate strategy. 
 
 Offer Competitive Compensation and Benefits . We strive to ensure that our employees receive competitive and fair compensation and innovative benefit offerings, tying incentive compensation to both business and individual performance, offering competitive maternal and paternal leave policies, providing meaningful retirement and health benefits and maintaining an employee stock purchase plan. 
 
 Support Employee Well-being and Engagement . We support the overall well-being of our employees from a physical, emotional, financial and social perspective. We also regularly seek input from employees, including through broad employee satisfaction and pulse surveys on specific issues, intended to assess our degree of success in promoting an environment where employees are engaged, satisfied, productive and possess a strong understanding of our business goals. Our global well-being programs include a long-standing practice of remote working arrangements, flexible paid time off, life planning benefits, wellness platforms and employee assistance. In addition, we ensure ongoing check-ins with employees by HR and managers to provide additional channels of support. 
 
 Promote Sense of Belonging through Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives . We conduct diversity and code of conduct trainings with employees and managers to share our views on the importance of diversity and the promotion of an inclusive and diverse workplace, where all individuals are respected and feel they belong regardless of their age, race, national origin, gender, religion, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. We also require all employees to participate in unconscious bias training to improve awareness. We work with diversity focused candidate application platforms to increase access to diverse talent. Our customers are located in over 90 countries and our global workforce operates across cultures, functions, language barriers and time zones to provide them dedicated and ongoing support. 
 
 10 

Provide Programs for Employee Recognition . We offer rewards and recognition programs to our employees, including awards to recognize employees who best exemplify our values and spot awards to recognize employee contributions. We believe that these recognition programs help drive strong employee performance. We conduct semi-annual employee performance reviews, where each employee is evaluated by their personal manager and also conducts a self-assessment, a process which empowers our employees. Employee performance is assessed based on a variety of key performance metrics, including the achievement of objectives specific to the employee s department or role. Employees have access to an internal platform to recognize their peers based on their professional and socially responsible contributions to the Company. 
 
 Create Opportunities for Growth and Development . We focus on creating opportunities for employee growth, development, training and education, including opportunities to cultivate talent and identify candidates for new roles from within the company, as well as management and leadership development programs. Employee training and education includes online certification, in person certification and new hire training bootcamps. We also conduct manager training programs on an annual basis, which include in-depth managerial and coaching skills, as well as tailored feedback. We have established an internal mentoring program in which seasoned employees mentor new managers based on defined goals. 
 
 Promote Community Outreach and Support . We believe it is important to give back and promote community outreach and support through corporate giving and employee volunteerism in the communities in which we live and work. We also provide corporate matching of employee charitable donations and flexible volunteering during work time, letting our employees know that we support the charitable efforts that matter to them. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our website is located at www.varonis.com, and our investor relations website is located at https://ir.varonis.com. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC"). You may also access all of our public filings through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Investors and other interested parties should note that we use our media and investor relations website and our social media channels to publish important information about us, including information that may be deemed material to investors. We encourage investors and other interested parties to review the information we may publish through our media and investor relations website and the social media channels listed on our media and investor relations website, in addition to our SEC filings, press releases, conference calls and webcasts. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks and all other information contained herein, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, before investing in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 Risks Related to the Industry in which we Operate 
 
 The market for software that analyzes, secures, governs, manages and migrates enterprise data may not continue to grow or grow at the same pace. 
 
 We believe our future success depends in large part on the continued growth of the market for software that enables enterprises to analyze, secure, govern, manage and migrate their data. In order for us to market and sell our products, we must successfully demonstrate to enterprise IT, security and business personnel the potential value of their data and the risk of that data getting compromised or stolen. Despite a number of high-profile cyberattacks around the world, we must still persuade customers to devote a portion of their budgets to a unified platform that we offer to analyze, secure, govern, manage and extract value from this resource. Enterprises may not recognize the need for our products or, if they do, may not decide that they need a solution 
 11 

that offers the range of functionalities that we offer. Software solutions focused on enterprise data may not yet be viewed as a necessity, and accordingly, our sales effort is and will continue to be focused in large part on explaining the need for, and value offered by, our solution. The market for our solution may not continue to grow at its current rate or at all. The failure of the market to continue to develop would materially adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 Prolonged economic uncertainties or downturns could materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business depends on our current and prospective customers ability and willingness to invest in IT services, including cybersecurity projects, which in turn is dependent upon their overall economic health. Negative conditions in the general economy both in the United States and abroad, including inflationary pressure, recession, currency fluctuations and a higher interest rate environment, changes in gross domestic product growth, potential future government shutdowns, the federal government s failure to raise the debt ceiling, financial and credit market fluctuations, the imposition of trade barriers and restrictions such as tariffs, political deadlock, restrictions on travel, natural catastrophes, warfare, including geopolitical turmoil and sanctions caused by the war between Russia and Ukraine, and terrorist attacks, could cause a decrease in business investments, including corporate spending on enterprise software in general and negatively affect the rate of growth of our business. For example, our operations, and the operations of our customers and partners, were affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and efforts to control its spread, including by mandatory business closures and capacity limitations imposed by the jurisdictions in which we operate. Similar restrictions in the future could negatively affect our business. 
 
 Uncertainty in the global economy makes it extremely difficult for our customers and us to forecast and plan future business activities accurately. This could cause our customers to reevaluate decisions to purchase our product or to delay their purchasing decisions, which could lengthen our sales cycles and negatively impact our results. In the beginning of 2022, in connection with the war between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions, we made the decision to exit our Russia business. As 2022 progressed, the European economy began to experience increased economic turmoil that has caused the devaluation of local European currencies (specifically, the Euro and the Pound Sterling), inflationary pressures and general economic uncertainty. As a result, there has been increasing budgetary tightening and we have started to see longer sales cycles in the region and our results of operations to date have been negatively impacted. In the United States, we have also experienced a higher inflationary environment, which may put further pressure on discretionary spending by our customers, and we may in the future see a lengthening of our sales cycle in the region which could negatively impact our results. 
 
 A downturn in any of our leading industries, or a reduction in any revenue-generating vertical, may cause enterprises to react to worsening conditions by reducing their spending on IT. Customers may delay or cancel IT projects, choose to focus on in-house development efforts or seek to lower their costs by renegotiating maintenance and support agreements. To the extent purchases of licenses for our software are perceived by customers and potential customers to be discretionary, our revenues may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in general IT spending. In addition, consolidation in certain industries may result in reduced overall spending on our software. If the economic conditions of the general economy or industries in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Overall economic uncertainty has resulted in, and may in the future give rise to, a number of risks, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 reduced economic activity could lead to a prolonged recession, which could negatively impact spending by our customers or the ability of consumers to pay for our services and in return could severely impact our business operations, financial condition and liquidity; 
 an impairment of our ability to continue to show the positive trends at the levels we have shown in the last several quarters for certain key performance metrics, such as renewal rates and annual recurring revenues; 
 a negative effect on our customer success efforts, our ability to enter into new markets and our ability to acquire new customers, in part due to potentially lower conversion rates on risk assessments and delay and lengthen our sales cycles; 
 a reduction in the number of users as customers terminate and furlough employees; 
 an increase in bad debt reserves as customers face economic hardship and collectability becomes more uncertain, including the risk of bankruptcies; 
 variability with forward-looking guidance and financial results, including management s accounting estimates and assumptions; and 
 our ability to raise capital. 
 
 The challenges posed by and the full impact of negative conditions in the general economy on our business and our future performance are difficult to predict and there is a risk that any guidance we provide to the market may turn out to be incorrect. 
 
 12 

We may face increased competition in our market. 
 
 While there are some companies which offer certain features similar to those embedded in our solutions, as well as others with whom we compete in certain tactical use cases, we believe that we do not currently compete with a company that offers the same breadth of functionalities on the number of platforms and application that we cover. Nevertheless, we do compete against a select group of software vendors that provide standalone solutions, similar to those found in our comprehensive software suite, in the specific markets in which we operate. We also face direct competition with respect to certain of our products, specifically Data Transport Engine, DatAnswers and DatAdvantage for Directory Services. As we continue to augment our functionality with insider threat detection and user behavior analytics and as we expand our classification capabilities to better serve compliance needs, such as GDPR, CCPA and other data privacy laws, we may face increased perceived and real competition from other security and classification technologies. As we expand our coverage and penetration in the cloud, we may face increased perceived and real competition from other cloud-focused technologies. In the future, as customer requirements evolve and new technologies are introduced, we may experience increased competition if established or emerging companies develop solutions that address the enterprise data market. Furthermore, because we operate in an evolving area, we anticipate that competition will increase based on customer demand for these types of products. 
 
 In particular, if a more established company were to target our market, we may face significant competition. They may have competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, larger sales, marketing, research and acquisition resources, access to larger customer bases and channel partners, a longer operating history and lower labor and development costs, which may enable them to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements or devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products than we do. Increased competition could result in us failing to attract customers or maintain licenses at the same rate. It could also lead to price cuts, alternative pricing structures or the introduction of products available for free or a nominal price, reduced gross margins, longer sales cycles, lower renewal rates and loss of market share. 
 
 In addition, our current or prospective channel partners may establish cooperative relationships with future competitors. These relationships may allow future competitors to rapidly gain significant market share. These developments could also limit our ability to obtain revenues from existing and new customers. 
 
 Our ability to compete successfully in our market will also depend on a number of factors, including ease and speed of product deployment and use, the quality and reliability of our customer service and support, total cost of ownership, return on investment and brand recognition. Any failure by us to successfully address current or future competition in any one of these or other areas may reduce the demand for our products and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to a number of legal requirements, contractual obligations and industry standards regarding security, data protection and privacy, and any failure to comply with these requirements, obligations or standards could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Privacy and data information security have become a significant issue in the United States and in many other countries where we have employees and operations and where we offer licenses to our products. The regulatory framework for privacy and personal information security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. The U.S. federal and various state and foreign government bodies and agencies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations limiting, or laws and regulations regarding, the collection, distribution, use, disclosure, storage and security of personal information. For example, the CCPA, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, requires, among other things, covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and afford such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. Consumer rights and obligations under the CCPA were expanded by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) on November 3, 2020. The CPRA took effect on January 1, 2023, along with the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. In addition, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act and the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring are all set to go into effect in 2023. These laws impose similar obligations on businesses with regard to the use, disclosure and security of personal information, and grant additional rights in that personal information to consumers. 
 
 Internationally, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own data security and privacy legal framework with which we or our customers must comply. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure and security of data that identifies or may be used to identify or locate an individual, such as names, email addresses and, in some jurisdictions, Internet Protocol addresses. These laws and regulations often are more restrictive than those in the United States and are rapidly evolving. For example, the European Union s EU data protection regime, the GDPR, became enforceable on May 25, 2018. Additionally, the United Kingdom has enacted legislation that 
 13 

substantially implements the GDPR, but the United Kingdom s exit from the EU (which formally occurred on January 31, 2020), commonly referred to as Brexit, has created uncertainty with regard to the regulation of data protection in the United Kingdom. In particular, the United Kingdom s government has announced that it is considering revising some aspects of its domestic data protection regime to move further away from the EU approach, and it is unclear how the two regimes will interact after that. In addition, the United Kingdom is reviewing its data transfer rules with respect to transfers to the United States and other jurisdictions, and has issued its own UK-specific International Data Transfer Agreement, together with a UK Addendum to the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. Depending on how these measures are implemented, and how they are enforced, they may result in substantively different compliance obligations with respect to transfers of personal data out of the United Kingdom and the EU, respectively. Complying with the GDPR or other laws, regulations or other obligations relating to privacy, data protection or information security may cause us to incur substantial operational costs or require us to modify our data handling practices. Non-compliance could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others, could result in substantial fines or other liability, and may otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Some statutory requirements, both in the United States and abroad, include obligations of companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving particular personal information, which could result from breaches experienced by us or our service providers. Even though we may have contractual protections with our service providers, a security breach could impact our reputation, harm our customer confidence, hurt our sales or cause us to lose existing customers and could expose us to potential liability or require us to expend significant resources on data security and in responding to such breach. 
 
 In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that either legally or contractually apply to us. We also expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws and regulations concerning privacy, data protection and information security, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. New laws, amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws and regulations, industry standards, contractual obligations and other obligations may require us to incur additional costs and restrict our business operations. Because the interpretation and application of laws and other obligations relating to privacy and data protection are still uncertain, it is possible that these laws and other obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features of our software. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our software, which could have an adverse effect on our business. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner or at all, and our ability to develop new features could be limited. Any inability to adequately address privacy concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws, regulations and policies could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our customers may increase the costs associated with, limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our products. Privacy and personal information security concerns, whether valid or not valid, may inhibit market adoption of our products particularly in certain industries and foreign countries. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 
 Security breaches, cyberattacks or other cyber-risks of our IT and production systems could expose us to significant liability and cause our business and reputation to suffer and harm our competitive position. 
 
 Our corporate infrastructure stores and processes our sensitive, proprietary and other confidential information (including as related to financial, technology, employees, marketing, sales, etc.) which is used on a daily basis in our operations. In addition, our software involves transmission and processing of our customers confidential, proprietary and sensitive information. We have legal and contractual obligations to protect the confidentiality and appropriate use of customer data. Being a leading pioneer in the cyber industry, we may be an attractive target for cyber attackers or other data thieves. 
 
 High-profile cyberattacks and security breaches have increased in recent years, with the potential for such acts heightened as a result of the number of employees working remotely due to many companies adopting a hybrid working model. Security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of hackers and cyberattacks targeting IT products and enterprise infrastructure. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a specific target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. As we continue to increase our client base and expand our brand, we may become more of a target for third parties seeking to compromise our security systems and we anticipate that hacking attempts and cyberattacks will increase in the future. We may not always be successful in preventing or repelling unauthorized access to our 
 14 

systems. We also may face delays in our ability to identify or otherwise respond to any cybersecurity incident or any other breach. Additionally, we use third-party service providers to provide some services to us that involve the cloud hosting, storage or transmission of data, such as SaaS, cloud computing, and internet infrastructure and bandwidth, and they face various cybersecurity threats and also may suffer cybersecurity incidents or other security breaches. Despite our security measures, our IT and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks. Threats to IT security can take a variety of forms. Individual and groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including state-sponsored organizations or nation-states, continuously undertake attacks that pose threats to our customers and our IT. These actors may use a wide variety of methods, which may include developing and deploying malicious software or exploiting vulnerabilities in hardware, software, or other infrastructure in order to attack our products and services or gain access to our networks, using social engineering techniques to induce our employees, users, partners, or customers to disclose passwords or other sensitive information or take other actions to gain access to our data or our users or customers data, or acting in a coordinated manner to launch distributed denial of service or other coordinated attacks. Inadequate account security practices may also result in unauthorized access to confidential and/or sensitive data or loss of SaaS platform availability. 
 
 Security risks, including, but not limited to, unauthorized use or disclosure of customer data, loss of availability of our SaaS platform offering, cyberattack on our cloud providers theft of proprietary information, theft of intellectual property, theft of internal employee s PII/PHI information, theft of financial data and financial reports, loss or corruption of customer data and computer hacking attacks or other cyberattacks, could require us to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate the problem and to improve technologies, may impair our ability to provide services to our customers and protect the privacy of their data, may result in product development delays, may compromise confidential or technical business information, may harm our competitive position, may result in theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets and could expose us to substantial litigation expenses and damages, indemnity and other contractual obligations, government fines and penalties, mitigation expenses, costs for remediation and incentives offered to affected parties, including customers, other business partners and employees, in an effort to maintain business relationships after a breach or other incident, and other liabilities. We are continuously working to improve our IT systems, together with creating security boundaries around our critical and sensitive assets. We provide advanced security awareness training to our employees and contractors that focuses on various aspects of the cybersecurity world. All of these steps are taken in order to mitigate the risk of attack and to ensure our readiness to responsibly handle any security violation or attack. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures and our products could be harmed, we could lose potential sales and existing customers, our ability to operate our business could be impaired, we may incur significant liabilities, we could suffer harm to our reputation and competitive position, and our operating results could be negatively impacted. 
 
 Our quarterly results of operations have fluctuated and may fluctuate significantly due to variability in our revenues which could adversely impact our stock price. 
 
 Our revenues and other results of operations have fluctuated from quarter to quarter in the past and could continue to fluctuate in the future. Historically, the fluctuation was partially due to the front-loaded revenue recognition nature of our business. Additionally, as the Company transitions to a predominantly SaaS-based business model that recognizes revenue ratably, we will no long front-load revenue and, as a result, expect to present reduced revenues as compared to prior periods. As a result, comparing our revenues and results of operations on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and should not be relied on for any particular period. Our revenues depend in part on the conversion of enterprises that have undergone risk assessments, which can be performed remotely, into paying customers; however, these risk assessments may not be converted at the same historical rates. At the same time, the majority of our sales are typically made during the last three weeks of every quarter. We may fail to meet market expectations for that quarter if we are unable to close the number of transactions that we expect during this short period and closings are deferred to a subsequent quarter or not closed at all. In addition, our sales cycle from initial contact to delivery of and payment for the software license generally becomes longer and less predictable with respect to large transactions and often involves multiple meetings or consultations at a substantial cost and time commitment to us. The closing of a large transaction in a particular quarter may raise our revenues in that quarter and thereby make it more difficult for us to meet market expectations in subsequent quarters and our failure to close a large transaction in a particular quarter or any renewals may adversely impact our revenues in that quarter. Moreover, we base our current and future expense levels on our revenue forecasts and operating plans, and our expenses are relatively fixed in the short-term. Accordingly, we would likely not be able to reduce our costs sufficiently to compensate for an unexpected shortfall in revenues and even a relatively small decrease in revenues could disproportionately and adversely affect our financial results for that quarter. 
 
 The variability and unpredictability of these and other factors, many of which are outside of our control, could result in our failing to meet or exceed financial expectations for a given period and may cause the price of our common stock to decline substantially. 
 
 15 

If the transition to a SaaS-based business model fails to yield the benefits that we expect, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 
 We successfully completed our transition to a subscription-based business model and are currently transitioning our business to a SaaS-based business model. It is uncertain whether this transition will prove successful. Market acceptance of our products is dependent on our ability to include functionality and usability that address certain customer requirements. Additionally, we must optimally price our products in light of marketplace conditions, our costs and customer demand. This transition may have negative revenue and earnings implications, including on our quarterly results of operations. 
 
 This SaaS strategy may give rise to a number of risks, including the following: 
 
 our revenues and operating margins may fluctuate more than anticipated over the short-term as a result of this strategy; 
 if new or current customers desire only self-hosted licenses our SaaS sales may lag behind our expectations; 
 the shift to a SaaS strategy may raise concerns among our customer base, including concerns regarding changes to pricing over time and access to data once a subscription has expired; 
 we may be unsuccessful in maintaining or implementing our target pricing or new pricing models, product adoption and projected renewal rates, or we may select a target price or new pricing model that is not optimal and could negatively affect our sales or earnings; 
 our shift to a SaaS business model may result in confusion among new or existing customers (which can slow adoption rates), resellers and investors; 
 if our customers do not renew their subscriptions or do not renew them on a timely basis, our revenues may decline and our business may suffer; 
 we may incur sales compensation costs at a higher than forecasted rate if the pace of our subscription transition is faster than anticipated; and 
 our sales force may struggle with the transition which may lead to increased turnover rates and lower headcount. 
 
 The expansion of cloud-delivered services (as opposed to traditional on-premises delivery of our products) has and will introduce a number of risks and uncertainties unique to such a shift, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We recently launched cloud offerings that allow customers to use hosted software. This launch required, and any future expansion of our cloud-delivered services may require, a considerable investment in resources, including technical, financial, legal, sales, information technology and operation systems. Additionally, market acceptance of such offerings is affected by a variety of factors, including but not limited to: security, reliability, scalability, customization, performance, current license terms, customer preference, customer concerns with entrusting a third party to store and manage their data, public concerns regarding privacy and the enactment of restrictive laws or regulations. It is possible that demand for our cloud offerings will not be as strong as anticipated. Moreover, expansion of our cloud offerings may cause a decline in revenue of our existing products and services that is not offset by revenue from the new products or services. For example, customers may delay making purchases of products and services to permit them to make a more thorough evaluation of these new products and services or until industry and marketplace reviews become widely available. In addition, the transition to a SaaS-based business model, and the additional demands involved in selling multiple products as well as new product offerings, has increased the complexity and to some extent imposed new challenges in finding, hiring and retaining qualified sales force members. We may be unable to realize the benefits of our investments, or the resources we have committed, toward launching or expanding our cloud-delivered services. 
 
 An increasing number of jurisdictions are imposing data localization laws, which require personal information, or certain subcategories of personal information, to be stored in the jurisdiction of origin. These regulations may deter customers from using cloud-based services, and may inhibit our ability to expand into certain markets or prohibit us from continuing to offer services in those markets without significant additional costs. 
 
 Our hosted offerings rely upon third-party providers to supply data center space, equipment maintenance and other colocation services and rely upon the ability of those providers to maintain continuous service availability and protect customer data on their services. Customers of our cloud-based offerings need to be able to access our platform at any time, without interruption or degradation of performance, and we provide them with service level commitments with respect to uptime. Third-party cloud providers run their own platforms that we access, and we are, therefore, vulnerable to their service interruptions. Although we have entered into various agreements for the lease of data center space, equipment maintenance and other services, third parties could fail to live up to their contractual obligations. The failure of a third-party provider to prevent service disruptions, data losses or security breaches may require us to issue credits or refunds or indemnify or otherwise be liable to customers or third parties for damages that may occur, and contractual provisions with our third-party providers and public cloud partners may 
 16 

limit our recourse against the third-party provider or public cloud partner responsible for such failure. Additionally, if these third-party providers fail to deliver on their obligations, our reputation could be damaged, our customers could lose confidence in us, and our ability to maintain and expand our hosted offerings would be impaired. Lastly, our cloud product offering and pricing is new and hosting and other costs may be more expensive to us than anticipated. 
 
 We may not be able to predict renewal rates and their impact on our future revenues and operating results. 
 
 Although our subscription solutions are designed to increase the number of customers that purchase our solutions and the number of products purchased by existing and new customers to create a recurring revenue stream that increases and is more predictable over time, our customers are not required to renew their subscriptions for our solutions and they may elect not to renew when, or as we expect, or they may elect to reduce the scope of their original purchases or delay their purchase. We cannot accurately predict renewal rates given our varied customer base of enterprise and small and medium size business customers and the number of multiyear subscription contracts. Customer renewal rates may decline or fluctuate due to a number of factors, including offering pricing, competitive offerings, customer satisfaction and reductions in customer spending levels or customer activity due to economic downturns, the adverse impact of import tariffs, inflation, the pandemic or other market uncertainty. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions when or as we expect, or if they choose to renew for fewer subscriptions (in quantity or products) or renew for shorter contract lengths or if they renew on less favorable terms, our revenues and earnings may decline, and our business may suffer. 
 
 We have been growing and expect to continue to invest in our growth for the foreseeable future. If we fail to manage this growth effectively, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 
 We intend to continue to grow our business and plan to continue to hire new sales employees either for expansion or replacement of existing sales personnel. If we cannot adequately and timely hire new employees and if we fail to adequately train these new employees, including our sales force, engineers and customer support staff, our sales may not grow at the rates we project and/or our sales productivity might suffer, our customers might decide not to renew or reduce the scope of their original purchases, or our customers may lose confidence in the knowledge and capability of our employees or products. We must successfully manage our growth to achieve our objectives. Although our business has experienced significant growth in the past, we may not be able to continue to grow at the same rate, or at all. 
 
 Our ability to effectively manage any significant growth of our business will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to do the following: 
 
 satisfy existing customers and attract new customers; 
 adequately and timely recruit, train, motivate and integrate new employees, including our sales force and engineers, while retaining existing employees, maintaining the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture and effectively executing our business plan; 
 successfully introduce new products and enhancements; 
 effectively manage existing channel partnerships and expand to new ones; 
 improve our key business applications and processes to support our business needs; 
 enhance information and communication systems to ensure that our employees and offices around the world are well-coordinated and can effectively communicate with each other and our growing customer base; 
 enhance our internal controls to ensure timely and accurate reporting of all of our operations and financial results; 
 protect and further develop our strategic assets, including our intellectual property rights; 
 continue to capitalize on the transition to a subscription-based business model and manage our introduction of cloud-based solutions; and 
 successfully manage and integrate any future acquisitions of businesses, including without limitation, the amount and timing of expenses and potential future charges for impairment of goodwill from acquired companies. 
 
 These activities will require significant investments and allocation of valuable management and employee resources, and our growth will continue to place significant demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure. We may not be able to grow our business in an efficient or timely manner, or at all. Moreover, if we do not effectively manage the growth of our business and operations, the quality of our software could suffer, which could negatively affect our brand, results of operations and overall business. 
 
 We have a limited operating history at our current scale, which makes it difficult to evaluate and predict our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. 
 
 17 

We have a relatively short history operating our business at its current scale. For example, we have increased the number of our employees and have expanded our operations and product offerings. This limits our ability to forecast our future operating results and subjects us to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in new markets that may not develop as expected. Because we depend in part on the market s acceptance of our products, it is difficult to evaluate trends that may affect our business. If our assumptions regarding these trends and uncertainties, which we use to plan our business, are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in our markets, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations and our business could suffer. Moreover, although we have experienced significant growth historically, we may not continue to grow as quickly in the future. 
 
 Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to, among other things: 
 
 successfully transition to a SaaS-based business model and manage our introduction of cloud-based solutions; 
 maintain and expand our business, including our customer base and operations, to support our growth, both domestically and internationally; 
 develop new products and services and bring products and services in beta to market; 
 renew customer agreements and sell additional products to existing customers; 
 maintain high customer satisfaction and ensure quality and timely releases of our products and product enhancements; 
 increase market awareness of our products and enhance our brand; 
 maintain compliance with applicable governmental regulations and other legal obligations, including those related to intellectual property, international sales and taxation; 
 hire, integrate, train and retain skilled talent, including members of our sales force and engineers; and 
 our ability to successfully manage and integrate any acquisitions of businesses. 
 
 If we fail to address the risks and difficulties that we face, including those associated with the challenges listed above as well as those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, our business will be adversely affected, and our results of operations will suffer. 
 
 If we are unable to attract new customers and expand sales to existing customers, both domestically and internationally, our growth could be slower than we expect, and our business may be harmed. 
 
 Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to support new and existing customer growth and maintain customer satisfaction. Our sales and marketing teams host in-person events and have, and in the future may continue to engage with customers online and through other communications channels, including virtual meetings. Our sales and marketing teams may not be as successful or effective in building relationships. If we cannot provide the tools and training to our teams to efficiently do their jobs and satisfy customer demands, we may not be able to achieve anticipated revenue growth as quickly as expected. 
 
 Our future growth depends upon expanding sales of our products to existing customers and their organizations and receiving renewals. If our customers do not purchase additional licenses or capabilities, our revenues may grow more slowly than expected, may not grow at all or may decline. Our efforts may not result in increased sales to existing customers upsells and additional revenues. If our efforts to upsell to our customers are not successful, our business would suffer. 
 
 Our future growth also depends in part upon increasing our customer base, particularly those customers with potentially high customer lifetime values. Our ability to achieve significant growth in revenues in the future will depend, in large part, upon the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts, both domestically and internationally, and our ability to attract new customers. Our ability to attract new customers may be adversely affected by newly enacted laws that may prohibit certain sales and marketing activities, such as legislation passed in the State of New York, pursuant to which unsolicited telemarketing sales calls are prohibited. If we fail to attract new customers and maintain and expand those customer relationships, our revenues may be adversely affected, and our business will be harmed. 
 
 We have a history of losses, and we may not be profitable in the future. 
 
 We have incurred net losses in each year since our inception, including a net loss of 124.5 million, 116.9 million and 94.0 million in each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Because the market for our software is rapidly evolving and has still not yet reached widespread adoption, it is difficult for us to predict our future results of operations. We expect our operating expenses to increase over the next several years as we hire additional personnel, expand and improve the effectiveness of our distribution channels, and continue to develop features and applications for our software. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with our channel partners, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 18 

We rely on channel partners, such as distribution partners and resellers, to sell licenses and support and maintenance agreements for our software and to perform some of our professional services. In 2022, our channel partners fulfilled substantially all of our sales, and we expect that sales to channel partners will continue to account for substantially all of our revenues for the foreseeable future. Our ability to achieve revenue growth in the future will depend in part on our success in maintaining successful relationships with our channel partners. 
 
 Our agreements with our channel partners are generally non-exclusive, meaning our channel partners may offer customers the products of several different companies. If our channel partners do not effectively market and sell our software, choose to use greater efforts to market and sell their own products or those of others, or fail to meet the needs of our customers, including through the provision of professional services for our software, our ability to grow our business, sell our software and maintain our reputation may be adversely affected. Our contracts with our channel partners generally allow them to terminate their agreements for any reason upon 30 days notice. A termination of the agreement has no effect on orders already placed. The loss of a substantial number of our channel partners, our possible inability to replace them, or the failure to recruit additional channel partners could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with these channel partners, our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 
 Finally, even if we are successful, our relationships with channel partners may not result in greater customer usage of our products and professional services or increased revenue. 
 
 Our long-term growth depends, in part, on being able to continue to expand internationally on a profitable basis, which subjects us to risks associated with conducting international operations. 
 
 Historically, we have generated the majority of our revenues from customers in North America. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 74 of our total revenues were derived from sales in North America. Nevertheless, we have operations across the globe, and we plan to continue to expand our international operations as part of our long-term growth strategy. The further expansion of our international operations will subject us to a variety of risks and challenges, including: 
 
 sales and customer service challenges associated with operating in different countries; 
 increased management travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with having multiple international operations and a lack of travel due to pandemics; 
 difficulties in receiving payments from different geographies, including difficulties associated with currency fluctuations, payment cycles, transfer of funds or collecting accounts receivable, especially in emerging markets; 
 variations in economic or political conditions between each country or region; 
 economic uncertainty around the world and adverse effects arising from economic interdependencies across countries and regions; 
 the uncertainty around the effects of global pandemics on our business and results of operations; 
 uncertainty around a potential reverse or renegotiation of international trade agreements and partnerships; 
 compliance with foreign laws and regulations and the risks and costs of non-compliance with such laws and regulations; 
 ability to hire, retain and train local employees and the ability to comply with foreign labor laws and local labor requirements, such as representations by an internal labor committee in France which is affiliated with an external trade union and the applicability of collective bargaining arrangements at the national level in certain European countries; 
 compliance with laws and regulations for foreign operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ), the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 (the UK Bribery Act ), import and export control laws, tariffs, trade barriers, economic sanctions and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to sell our software in certain foreign markets, and the risks and costs of non-compliance; 
 heightened risks of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of financial statements and irregularities in financial statements; 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights in certain countries and practical difficulties and costs of enforcing rights abroad; and 
 compliance with the laws of numerous foreign taxing jurisdictions and overlapping of different tax regimes and digital tax imposed on our operations in foreign taxing jurisdictions. 
 
 Any of these risks could adversely affect our international operations, reduce our revenues from outside the United States or increase our operating costs, adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition and growth prospects. There can be no assurance that all of our employees, independent contractors and channel partners will comply with the formal policies we have and will implement, or applicable laws and regulations. Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, independent contractors and channel partners could result in delays in revenue recognition, financial 
 19 

reporting misstatements, fines, penalties or the prohibition of the importation or exportation of our software and services and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 We are exposed to collection and credit risks, which could impact our operating results. 
 
 Our accounts receivable and contract assets are subject to collection and credit risks. These agreements may include purchase commitments for multiple years of subscription-based software licenses and maintenance services, which may be invoiced over multiple reporting periods increasing these risks. For example, our operating results may be impacted by significant bankruptcies among customers and resellers, which could negatively impact our revenues and cash flows. Although we have processes in place that are designed to monitor and mitigate these risks, we cannot guarantee these programs will be effective. If we are unable to adequately control these risks, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 
 If currency exchange rates fluctuate substantially in the future, our results of operations, which are reported in U.S. dollars, could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our functional and reporting currency is the U.S. dollar, and we generate the majority of our revenues and incur the majority of our expenses in U.S. dollars. Revenues and expenses are also incurred in other currencies, primarily Euros, Pounds Sterling, Canadian dollars, Australian dollars and the New Israeli Shekel. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies have fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future. Furthermore, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar could increase the cost in local currency of our software and renewals to customers outside the United States, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We incur expenses for employee compensation and other operating expenses at our non-U.S. locations in local currencies. The weakening of the U.S. dollar against such currencies would cause the U.S. dollar equivalent of such expenses to increase which could have a negative impact on our reported results of operations and our ability to attract employees in such non-U.S. locations due to the actual increase in the compensation to be paid to such employees. We use forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge or mitigate the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on our operating expenses denominated in certain foreign currencies. However, this strategy might not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and involves costs and risks of its own, such as cash expenditures, ongoing management time and expertise, external costs to implement the strategy and potential accounting implications. Additionally, our hedging activities may contribute to increased losses as a result of volatility in foreign currency markets and the difference between the interest rates of the currencies being hedged. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent upon our brand recognition and reputation, and the failure to maintain or enhance our brand recognition or reputation may adversely affect our business. 
 
 We believe that enhancing the Varonis brand identity and maintaining our reputation in the IT industry is critical to our relationships with our customers and to our ability to attract new customers. Our brand recognition and reputation are dependent upon: 
 
 our ability to continue to offer high quality, innovative and error- and bug-free products; 
 our ability to maintain customer satisfaction with our products; 
 our ability to be responsive to customer concerns and provide high quality customer support, training and professional services; 
 our marketing efforts; 
 any misuse or perceived misuse of our products; 
 positive or negative publicity; 
 our ability to prevent or quickly react to any cyberattack on our IT systems or security breach of or related to our software; 
 interruptions, delays or attacks on our website; and 
 litigation or regulatory-related developments. 
 
 We may not be able to successfully promote our brand or maintain our reputation. In addition, independent industry analysts often provide reviews of our products, as well as other products available in the market, and perception of our product in the marketplace may be significantly influenced by these reviews. If these reviews are negative, or less positive than reviews about other products available in the market, our brand may be adversely affected. Furthermore, negative publicity relating to events or activities attributed to us, our employees, our channel partners or others associated with any of these parties, may tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. If we do not successfully enhance our brand and maintain our reputation, our business may not grow, we may have reduced pricing power relative to competitors with stronger brands, and we could lose 
 20 

customers or renewals, all of which would adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. Moreover, damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity may reduce demand for our products and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Any attempts to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand may be costly and time consuming, and such efforts may not ultimately be successful. 
 
 Moreover, it may be difficult to enhance our brand and maintain our reputation in connection with sales to channel partners. Promoting our brand requires us to make significant expenditures, and we anticipate that the expenditures will increase as our market becomes more competitive, as we expand into new markets and geographies and as more sales are generated to our channel partners. To the extent that these activities yield increased revenues, these revenues may not offset the increased expenses we incur. 
 
 Our success depends in part on maintaining and increasing our sales to customers in the public sector. 
 
 We derive a portion of our revenues from contracts with federal, state, local and foreign governments and government-owned or -controlled entities (such as public health care bodies, educational institutions and utilities), which we refer to as the public sector herein. We believe that the success and growth of our business will continue to depend on our successful procurement of public sector contracts. Selling to public sector entities can be highly competitive, expensive and time consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. Government demand and payment for our products and services may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles, or lack of, and funding authorizations, including in connection with an extended government shutdown, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our products and services. Factors that could impede our ability to maintain or increase the amount of revenues derived from public sector contracts include: 
 
 changes in public sector fiscal or contracting policies; 
 decreases or elimination of available public sector funding; 
 non-compliance with or an inability to attain the proper certification to conduct business in the public sector; 
 changes in public sector programs or applicable requirements; 
 the adoption of new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations; 
 potential delays or changes in the public sector appropriations or other funding authorization processes; 
 the requirement of contractual terms that are unfavorable to us, such as most-favored-nation pricing provisions; and 
 delays in the payment of our invoices by public sector payment offices. 
 
 Furthermore, we must comply with laws and regulations relating to public sector contracting, which affect how we and our channel partners do business in both the United States and abroad. These laws and regulations may impose added costs on our business, and failure to comply with these or other applicable regulations and requirements, including non-compliance in the past, could lead to claims for damages from our channel partners, penalties, termination of contracts, and temporary suspension or permanent debarment from public sector contracting. Moreover, governments routinely investigate and audit government contractors administrative processes, and any unfavorable audit could result in the government refusing to continue buying our products, which would adversely impact our revenue and results of operations, or institute fines or civil or criminal liability if the audit uncovers improper or illegal activities. 
 
 The occurrence of any of the foregoing could cause public sector customers to delay or refrain from purchasing licenses of our software in the future or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, operations and financial results. 
 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets. 
 
 We incorporate certain encryption technology into certain of our products and, as a result, are required to comply with U.S. export control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce s Bureau of Industry and Security BIS ). We are also subject to Israeli export control laws on encryption technology. These export control laws and regulations prohibit, restrict, or regulate our ability to, directly or indirectly, export, re-export, or transfer certain products to certain countries and territories, entities, and individuals for certain end uses. If the applicable U.S. or Israeli legal requirements regarding the export of encryption technology were to change or if we change the encryption means in our products, we may (i) be unable to export our products, (ii) need to apply for new licenses or (iii) be unable to rely on certain license exceptions. Furthermore, various other countries regulate the import of certain encryption technology, including import permitting and licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products or could limit our customers ability to implement our products in those countries. 
 
 We are also subject to U.S. and Israeli economic sanctions laws, which prohibit the shipment of certain products to embargoed or sanctioned countries, sanctioned governments and sanctioned persons. Like with export controls, we take precautions to 
 21 

prevent our products from being provided in violation of these laws, including requiring our business partners to commit to compliance through contractual undertakings. However, if our business partners were to provide our products to certain countries, governments, or sanctioned persons in violation of these laws, such provision could have negative consequences, including government investigations, penalties and reputational harm. 
 
 Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential customers with international operations. Moreover, any new export or import restrictions, new legislation or shifting approaches in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or in the countries, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our products. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products would likely adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations 
 
 Our business in countries with a history of corruption and transactions with foreign governments increase the risks associated with our international activities. 
 
 As we operate and sell internationally, we are subject to the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have operations, deal with and make sales to governmental customers in countries known to experience corruption, particularly certain emerging countries in Eastern Europe, South and Central America, East Asia, Africa and the Middle East. Our activities in these countries create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees, consultants, channel partners or sales agents that could be in violation of various anti-corruption laws, even though these parties may not be under our control. While we have implemented safeguards to prevent these practices by our employees, consultants, channel partners and sales agents, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and our employees, consultants, channel partners or sales agents may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA or other anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, including suspension or debarment from government contracting, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Acquisitions could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 As we continue to pursue business opportunities, we may make acquisitions that could be material to our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Acquisitions involve many risks, including the following: 
 
 an acquisition may negatively affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows because it may require us to incur charges or assume substantial debt or other liabilities, may cause adverse tax consequences or unfavorable accounting treatment, including potential write-downs of deferred revenues, may expose us to claims and disputes by third parties, including intellectual property claims and disputes, or may not generate sufficient financial return to offset additional costs and expenses related to the acquisition; 
 we may encounter difficulties or unforeseen expenditures in integrating the business, technologies, products, personnel or operations of any company that we acquire, particularly if key personnel of the acquired company decide not to work for us; 
 an acquisition may disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses and distract our management; 
 an acquisition may result in a delay or reduction of customer purchases for both us and the company we acquired due to customer uncertainty about continuity and effectiveness of service from either company; 
 we may encounter difficulties in, or may be unable to, successfully sell any acquired products; 
 an acquisition may involve the entry into geographic or business markets in which we have little or no prior experience or where competitors have stronger market positions; 
 challenges inherent in effectively managing an increased number of employees in diverse locations; 
 the potential strain on our financial and managerial controls and reporting systems and procedures; 
 potential known and unknown liabilities or deficiencies associated with an acquired company that were not identified in advance; 
 our use of cash to pay for acquisitions would limit other potential uses for our cash and affect our liquidity; 
 if we incur debt to fund such acquisitions, such debt may subject us to material restrictions on our ability to conduct our business as well as financial maintenance covenants; 
 the risk of impairment charges related to potential write-downs of acquired assets or goodwill in future acquisitions; 
 to the extent that we issue a significant amount of equity or convertible debt securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease; and 
 managing the varying intellectual property protection strategies and other activities of an acquired company. 
 
 22 

We may not succeed in addressing these or other risks or any other problems encountered in connection with the integration of any acquired business. Our ability as an organization to successfully acquire and integrate technologies or businesses is limited. The inability to successfully integrate the business, technologies, products, personnel or operations of any acquired business, or any significant delay in achieving integration, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Human Capital 
 
 A failure to maintain sales and marketing personnel productivity or hire and integrate additional sales and marketing personnel could adversely affect our results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Our business requires intensive sales and marketing activities. Our sales and marketing personnel are essential to attracting new customers and expanding sales to existing customers, both of which are key to our future growth. We face a number of challenges in successfully expanding our sales force. Our transition to a SaaS-based business model, and the additional demands involved in selling our platform, has increased the complexity and to some extent imposed new challenges in finding, hiring and retaining qualified sales force members. We must locate and hire a significant number of qualified individuals, and competition for such individuals is intense. In addition, as we expand into new markets with which we have less familiarity and develop existing territories, we will need to recruit individuals who have skills particular to a certain geography or territory, and it may be difficult to find candidates with those qualifications. We may be unable to achieve our hiring or integration goals due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the challenge in remotely recruiting employees and adequately training them, the number of individuals we hire, challenges in finding individuals with the correct background due to increased competition for such hires, increased attrition rates among new hires and existing personnel as well as the necessary experience to sell the Varonis Data Security Platform rather than individual software products. Furthermore, based on our past experience in mature territories, it can take up to 12 months before a new sales force member is trained and operating at a level that meets our expectations. We invest significant time and resources in training new members of our sales force, and we may be unable to achieve our target performance levels with new sales personnel as rapidly as we have done in the past, or at all, due to larger numbers of hires or lack of experience training sales personnel to operate in new jurisdictions or because of the remote hiring and training process. Our failure to hire a sufficient number of qualified individuals, to integrate new sales force members within the time periods we have achieved historically or to keep our attrition rates at levels comparable to others in our industry may materially impact our projected growth rate. 
 
 Failure to retain, attract and recruit highly qualified personnel could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 
 Our future success and growth depend, in part, on our ability to continue to recruit and retain highly skilled personnel and to preserve the key aspects of our corporate culture. Because our future success is dependent on our ability to continue to enhance and introduce new products, we are particularly dependent on our ability to hire and retain engineers. Any of our employees may terminate their employment at any time, and we face intense competition for highly skilled employees. Competition for qualified employees, particularly in Israel, where we have a substantial presence and need for qualified engineers, from numerous other companies, including other software and technology companies, many of whom have greater financial and other resources than we do, is intense. Moreover, to the extent we hire personnel from other companies, we may be subject to allegations that they have been improperly solicited or may have divulged proprietary or other confidential information to us. If we are unable to timely attract, retain or train qualified employees, particularly our engineers, salespeople and key managers, our ability to innovate, introduce new products and compete would be adversely impacted, and our financial condition and results of operations may suffer. Lastly, equity grants are a critical component of our current compensation programs. If we reduce, modify or eliminate our equity compensation programs or if there is a decline in our stock price, which will result in the value of our equity compensation being lower, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining employees. 
 
 We are dependent on the continued services and performance of our co-founder, Chief Executive Officer and President, the loss of whom could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Much of our future performance depends on the continued services and continuing contributions of our co-founder, Chief Executive Officer and President, Yakov Faitelson, to successfully manage our company, to execute on our business plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities and product innovations. The loss of Mr. Faitelson s services could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our development and strategic objectives and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Risks Related to our Technology, Products, Services and Intellectual Property 
 
 Our failure to continually enhance and improve our technology could adversely affect sales of our products. 
 
 23 

The market is characterized by the exponential growth in enterprise data, rapid technological advances, changes in customer requirements, including customer requirements driven by changes to legal, regulatory and self-regulatory compliance mandates, frequent new product introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards in computer hardware and software technology. As a result, we must continually change and improve our products in response to changes in operating systems, application software, computer and communications hardware, networking software, data center architectures, programming tools, computer language technology and various regulations. Moreover, the technology in our products is especially complex because it needs to effectively identify and respond to a user s data retention, security and governance needs, while minimizing the impact on database and file system performance. Our products must also successfully interoperate with products from other vendors. 
 
 While we extend our technological capabilities though innovation and strategic transactions, including our recently announced cloud-based solutions, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to anticipate future market needs and opportunities or be able to extend our technological expertise and develop new products or expand the functionality of our current products in a timely manner or at all. Even if we are able to anticipate, develop and introduce new products and expand the functionality of our current products, there can be no assurance that enhancements or new products will achieve widespread market acceptance. 
 
 Our product enhancements or new products could fail to attain sufficient market acceptance for many reasons, including: 
 
 failure to accurately predict market demand in terms of product functionality and to supply products that meet this demand in a timely fashion; 
 inability to interoperate effectively with the database technologies and file systems of prospective customers; 
 defects, errors or failures; 
 negative publicity or customer complaints about performance or effectiveness; and 
 poor business conditions, causing customers to delay IT purchases. 
 
 If we fail to anticipate market requirements or stay abreast of technological changes, we may be unable to successfully introduce new products, expand the functionality of our current products or convince our customers and potential customers of the value of our solutions in light of new technologies. Accordingly, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 If our technical support, customer success or professional services are not satisfactory to our customers, they may not renew their agreements or not buy additional products in the future, which could adversely affect our future results of operations. 
 
 Our business relies on our customers satisfaction with the technical support and professional services we provide to support our products. Our customers have no obligation to renew their agreements with us after the initial terms have expired. Our customers have an option to renew their agreements and, for us to maintain and improve our results of operations, it is important that our existing customers renew their agreements, if applicable, when the existing contract term expires. For example, our renewal rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 continued to be over 90 . Customer satisfaction will become even more important as almost all of our licensing has shifted to subscription license agreements. 
 
 If we fail to provide technical support services that are responsive, satisfy our customers expectations and resolve issues that they encounter with our products and services, then they may elect not to purchase or renew contracts and they may choose not to purchase additional products and services from us. Accordingly, our failure to provide satisfactory technical support or professional services could lead our customers not to renew their agreements with us or renew on terms less favorable to us, and therefore have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Because we derive substantially all of our revenues and cash flows from sales of licenses from a single platform of products, failure of the products in the platform to satisfy customers or to achieve increased market acceptance would adversely affect our business. 
 
 In 2022, we generated substantially all of our revenues from sales of licenses from DatAdvantage, DatAlert, Data Classification Engine, DataPrivilege and Data Transport Engine. We expect to continue to derive the majority of our revenues from license sales relating to these products in the future. As such, market acceptance of these products is critical to our continued success. Demand for licenses for our platform of products is affected by a number of factors, some of which are outside of our control, including continued market acceptance of our software by referenceable accounts for existing and new use cases, technological change and growth or contraction in our market. We expect the proliferation of enterprise data to lead to an increase in the data analysis demands, and data security and retention concerns, of our customers, and our software, including the software underlying the Varonis Data Security Platform, may not be able to scale and perform to meet those demands. If we are unable to continue to meet customer demands or to achieve more widespread market acceptance of our software, our business, operations, financial results and growth prospects will be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 24 

Interruptions or performance problems, including associated with our website or support website or any caused by cyberattacks, may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our existing and potential customers to quickly access our website and support website. Access to our support website is also imperative to our daily operations and interaction with customers, as it allows customers to download our software, fixes and patches, as well as open and respond to support tickets and register license keys for evaluation or production purposes. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, website disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including technical failures, cyberattacks, natural disasters, infrastructure changes, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users accessing our website simultaneously and denial of service or fraud. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. System failures or outages, including any potential disruptions due to a period of increased global demand on certain cloud-based systems or disruptions of our cloud-based solutions, could compromise our or our customer s ability to perform day-to-day operations in a timely manner, which could negatively impact our business or delay our financial reporting. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve the performance of our websites, especially during peak usage times and as our software becomes more complex and our user traffic increases. If our websites are unavailable or if our users are unable to download our software, patches or fixes within a reasonable amount of time or at all, we may suffer reputational harm and our business would be negatively affected. 
 
 If our software is perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce the use of or stop using our software, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 
 Our software involves the transmission of data between data stores, and between data stores and desktop and mobile computers, and will increasingly involve the storage of data. We have a legal and contractual obligation to protect the confidentiality and appropriate use of customer data. Any security breaches with respect to such data could result in the loss of this information, litigation, indemnity obligations and other liabilities. The security of our products and accompanied services is important in our customers decisions to purchase or use our products or services. Security threats are a significant challenge to companies like us whose business is providing technology products and services to others. While we have taken steps to protect the confidential information that we have access to, including confidential information we may obtain through our customer support services or customer usage of our products, we have no direct control over the substance of the content. Security measures might be breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise. We also incorporate open source software and other third-party software into our products. There may be vulnerabilities in open source software and third-party software that may make our products likely to be harmed by cyberattacks. Moreover, our products operate in conjunction with and are dependent on products and components across a broad ecosystem of third parties. If there is a security vulnerability in one of these components, and if there is a security exploit targeting it, such security vulnerability may adversely impact our product vulnerability and we could face increased costs, liability claims, reduced revenue, or harm to our reputation or competitive position. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. 
 
 The limitations of liability in our contracts may not be enforceable or adequate or otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. While we maintain insurance coverage for some of the above events, the potential liabilities associated with these security breach events could exceed the insurance coverage we maintain. 
 
 Any or all of these issues could tarnish our reputation, negatively impact our ability to attract new customers or sell additional products to our existing customers, cause existing customers to elect not to renew their maintenance and support agreements or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations. 
 
 Our use of open source software could negatively affect our ability to sell our software and subject us to possible litigation. 
 
 We use open source software and expect to continue to use open source software in the future. Some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their own software product to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software product or to make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. We may face ownership claims of third parties over, or seeking to enforce the license terms applicable to, such open source software, including by demanding the release of the open source software, derivative works or our proprietary source code that was developed using such software. These claims could also result in litigation, require us to purchase a costly license or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our software, any of which would have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, if the license terms for the open source code change, we may be forced to re-engineer our software or incur additional costs. Finally, while we implement policies and procedures, we cannot provide assurance that we have incorporated open source software into our own software in a manner that conforms with 
 25 

our current policies and procedures and we cannot assure that all open source software is reviewed prior to use in our solution, that our programmers have not incorporated open source software into our solution, or that they will not do so in the future. 
 
 In addition, our solution may incorporate third-party software under commercial licenses. We cannot be certain whether such third-party software incorporates open source software without our knowledge. In the past, companies that incorporate open source software into their products have faced claims alleging noncompliance with open source license terms or infringement or misappropriation of proprietary software. Therefore, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming noncompliance with open source licensing terms or infringement or misappropriation of proprietary software. Because few courts have interpreted open source licenses, the manner in which these licenses may be interpreted and enforced is subject to some uncertainty. There is a risk that open source software licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market or provide our solution. As a result of using open source software subject to such licenses, we could be required to release proprietary source code, pay damages, re-engineer our solution, limit or discontinue sales or take other remedial action, any of which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 False detection of security breaches, false identification of malicious sources or misidentification of sensitive or regulated information could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our cybersecurity products may falsely detect threats that do not actually exist. For example, our DatAlert product may enrich metadata collected by our products with information from external sources and third-party data providers. If the information from these data providers is inaccurate, the potential for false positives increases. These false positives, while typical in the industry, may affect the perceived reliability of our products and solutions and may therefore adversely impact market acceptance of our products. As definitions and instantiations of personal identifiers and other sensitive content change, automated classification technologies may falsely identify or fail to identify data as sensitive. If our products and solutions fail to detect exposures or restrict access to important systems, files or applications based on falsely identifying legitimate use as an attack or otherwise unauthorized, then our customers businesses could be adversely affected. Any such false identification of use and subsequent restriction could result in negative publicity, loss of customers and sales, increased costs to remedy any problem and costly litigation. 
 
 Failure to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights could substantially harm our business. 
 
 The success of our business and competitive position depends on our ability to obtain, protect and enforce our trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights. We attempt to protect our intellectual property under patent, trademark, copyrights and trade secret laws, and through a combination of confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions and other methods, all of which offer only limited protection and may not now or in the future provide us with a competitive advantage. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 85 issued patents in the United States and 12 pending U.S. patent applications. We also had 55 patents issued and 42 applications pending for examination in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and two pending PCT patent applications, all of which are counterparts of our U.S. patent applications. We may file additional patent applications in the future. The process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner all the way through to the successful issuance of a patent. We may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations and may choose not to pursue patent protection in certain jurisdictions. Furthermore, it is possible that our patent applications may not issue as granted patents, that the scope of our issued patents will be insufficient or not have the coverage originally sought, that our issued patents will not provide us with any competitive advantages, and that our patents and other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. In addition, issuance of a patent does not guarantee that we have an absolute right to practice the patented invention. Our policy is to require our employees (and our consultants and service providers that develop intellectual property included in our products) to execute written agreements in which they assign to us their rights in potential inventions and other intellectual property created within the scope of their employment (or, with respect to consultants and service providers, their engagement to develop such intellectual property). However, we may not be able to adequately protect our rights in every such agreement or execute an agreement with every such party. Finally, in order to benefit from patent and other intellectual property protection, we must monitor, detect and pursue infringement claims in certain circumstances in relevant jurisdictions, all of which is costly and time-consuming. As a result, we may not be able to obtain adequate protection or to enforce our issued patents or other intellectual property effectively. 
 
 In addition to patented technology, we rely on our unpatented proprietary technology and trade secrets. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technologies and our intellectual property rights, unauthorized parties, including our employees, consultants, service providers or customers, may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use our trade secrets or other confidential information. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, service providers, vendors, channel partners and customers, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information and proprietary technology through certain procedural safeguards. These agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized 
 26 

use or disclosure of our intellectual property or technology and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our intellectual property or technology. We cannot provide assurance that the steps taken by us will prevent misappropriation of our trade secrets or technology or infringement of our intellectual property. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries where we operate do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of the United States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as government agencies and private parties in the United States. 
 
 We have registered the Varonis name and logo and DatAdvantage, DataPrivilege, DatAlert, and other names in the United States and, as related to some of these names, certain other countries. However, we cannot provide assurance that any future trademark registrations will be issued for pending or future applications or that any registered trademarks will be enforceable or provide adequate protection of our proprietary rights. 
 
 Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology and trade secrets, unauthorized parties may attempt to misappropriate, reverse engineer or otherwise obtain and use them. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets, in which case we would not be able to assert trade secret rights or develop similar technologies and processes. Further, the contractual provisions that we enter into may not prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights. Moreover, policing unauthorized use of our technologies, trade secrets and intellectual property is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States and where mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be weak. We may be unable to determine the extent of any unauthorized use or infringement of our solution, technologies or intellectual property rights. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights and ensure that we are not violating the intellectual property rights of others, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the additional expense, time and effort required to create the innovative products that have enabled us to be successful to date. 
 
 Assertions by third parties of infringement or other violations by us of their intellectual property rights, whether or not correct, could result in significant costs and harm our business and operating results. 
 
 The industries in which we operate, such as data security, cybersecurity, compliance, data retention and data governance are characterized by the existence of a large number of relevant patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. From time to time, third parties have asserted and may assert their patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights against us, our channel partners or our customers. Successful claims of infringement or misappropriation by a third party could prevent us from distributing certain products, performing certain services or could require us to pay substantial damages (including, for example, treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents and increased statutory damages if we are found to have willfully infringed copyrights), royalties or other fees. Such claims also could require us to cease making, licensing or using solutions that are alleged to infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property of others or to expend additional development resources to attempt to redesign our products or services or otherwise to develop non-infringing technology. Even if third parties may offer a license to their technology, the terms of any offered license may not be acceptable, and the failure to obtain a license or the costs associated with any license could cause our business, results of operations or financial condition to be materially and adversely affected. In some cases, we indemnify our channel partners and customers against claims that our products infringe the intellectual property of third parties. Defending against claims of infringement or being deemed to be infringing the intellectual property rights of others could impair our ability to innovate, develop, distribute and sell our current and planned products and services. 
 
 Risks Related to our Tax Regime 
 
 Our tax rate may vary significantly depending on our stock price. 
 
 The tax effects of the accounting for stock-based compensation may significantly impact our effective tax rate from period to period. In periods in which our stock price is higher than the grant price of the stock-based compensation vesting in that period, we will recognize excess tax benefits that will decrease our effective tax rate, while in periods in which our stock price is lower than the grant price of the stock-based compensation vesting in that period, our effective tax rate may increase. The amount and value of stock-based compensation issued relative to our earnings in a particular period will also affect the magnitude of the impact of stock-based compensation on our effective tax rate. These tax effects are dependent on our stock price, which we do not control, and a decline in our stock price could significantly increase our effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 Multiple factors may adversely affect our ability to fully utilize our net operating loss carryforwards. 
 
 27 

A U.S. corporation s ability to utilize its federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards is limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), if the corporation undergoes an ownership change. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have accumulated a 224.3 million federal NOL since inception. Future changes in our stock ownership, including future offerings, as well as changes that may be outside of our control, could result in a subsequent ownership change under Section 382, that would impose an annual limitation on NOLs. In addition, the cash tax benefit from our NOLs is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient taxable income. Accordingly, we may be unable to earn enough taxable income in order to fully utilize our current NOLs. 
 
 Changes in our provision for income taxes or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our results. 
 
 We are subject to income taxation in the United States, Israel and numerous other jurisdictions. Determining our provision for income taxes requires significant management judgment. In addition, our provision for income taxes could be adversely affected by many factors, including, among other things, changes to our operating structure including a review of our intellectual property IP structure, changes in the amounts of earnings in jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in tax laws. Significant judgment is required to determine the recognition and measurement attributes prescribed in Accounting Standards Codification 740-10-25 ASC 740-10-25 ). ASC 740-10-25 applies to all income tax positions, including the potential recovery of previously paid taxes, which if settled unfavorably could adversely impact our provision for income taxes. Our income in certain countries is subject to reduced tax rates provided we meet certain employment criteria. Failure to meet these commitments could adversely impact our provision for income taxes. 
 
 We are also subject to the regular examination of our income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Services and other tax authorities in various jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with our intercompany charges, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing, IP structure or other matters and assess additional taxes. While we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, there can be no assurance that the outcomes from these regular examinations will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Further, we may be audited in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions may assess additional taxes against us. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of any tax audits or litigation could be materially different from our historical tax provisions and accruals, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in the period or periods for which a determination is made. 
 
 The adoption of the U.S. tax reform and the enactment of additional legislation changes could materially impact our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "TCJA") that significantly reforms the Code was enacted. The TCJA, among other things, includes changes to U.S. federal tax rates, imposes significant additional limitations on the deductibility of certain expenses and adds certain limitations to the use of net operating loss carryforwards arising after December 31, 2017. Due to the expansion of our international business activities, any changes in the U.S. taxation of such activities may increase our worldwide effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. Further, foreign governments may enact tax laws in response to the TCJA that could result in further changes to global taxation and materially affect our financial position and results of operations. Effective in 2022, the TCJA requires all U.S. companies to capitalize, and subsequently amortize R E expenses that fall within the scope of Section 174 over five years for research activities conducted in the United States and over fifteen years for research activities conducted outside of the United States, rather than deducting such costs in the year incurred for tax purposes. Although Congress may defer, modify, or repeal this provision, potentially with retroactive effect, we have no assurance that Congress will take any action with respect to this provision. As of the fourth quarter of 2022, we have accounted for an estimate of the effects of the R E capitalization, based on interpretation of the law as currently enacted, and have estimated that our 224.3 million accumulated federal NOL as of December 31, 2022 should offset most of the effects of the R E capitalization requirement in 2022. To the extent that this provision is not deferred, modified or repealed, and once our available NOLs are fully utilized, we would incur an increase in our tax expenses and a decrease in our cash flows provided by operations. 
 
 We conduct our operations in several jurisdictions worldwide and report our taxable income based on our business operations in those jurisdictions. Therefore, our intercompany relationships are subject to transfer pricing regulations administered by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. While we believe that we are currently in material compliance with our obligations under applicable taxing regimes, the relevant taxing authorities may disagree with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions and may seek to impose additional taxes on us, including for past sales. If such a disagreement were to occur, and our position were not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall profitability of our operations. 
 28 

The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD introduced the base erosion and profit shifting project which sets out a plan to address international taxation principles in a globalized, digitized business world (the BEPS Plan ). During 2018, as part of the BEPS Plan, more than 80 countries chose to implement the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent BEPS MLI ). The MLI significantly changes the bilateral tax treaties signed by any country that chose to implement the MLI. In addition, during 2019 the OECD, the EU and individual countries (e.g., France, Austria and Italy) each published an initiative to tax digital transactions executed by a non-resident entity and a local end-user or local end-consumer. Under each initiative, the local payer is obligated to withhold a fixed percentage from the gross proceeds paid to the non-resident entity as a tax on executing a digital transaction in that territory, provided the entity s sales in that territory exceeds a certain threshold Digital Service Tax ). As a result of participating countries adopting the international tax policies set under the BEPS Plan, MLI and Digital Service Tax, changes have been and continue to be made to numerous international tax principles and local tax regimes. Due to the expansion of our international business activities, those modifications may increase our worldwide effective tax rate, create tax and compliance obligations in jurisdictions in which we previously had none and adversely affect our financial position. 
 
 Risks Related to the 2025 Notes and Credit Facility 
 
 We have incurred substantial indebtedness that may decrease our business flexibility, access to capital, and/or increase our borrowing costs, and we may still incur substantially more debt, which may adversely affect our operations and financial results. 
 
 In May 2020 we issued the 2025 Notes. As of December 31, 2022, we had 253.0 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2025 Notes. In addition, on August 21, 2020 we entered into a credit and security agreement with KeyBank National Association and other parties thereto (the Credit and Security Agreement for a three-year secured revolving credit facility of 70.0 million, with a letter of credit sublimit of 15.0 million and an accordion feature under which the Company can increase the credit facility to up to 90.0 million (the Credit Facility ). Our Credit Facility contains customary restrictive, negative and financial covenants and is secured by a first priority security interest. If we are unable to comply with the restrictive and financial covenants in our Credit Facility, there would be a default under the terms of that Credit and Security Agreement, and this could result in an acceleration of payment of funds that have been borrowed. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding obligations under our Credit Facility. Our indebtedness may limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes, limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes, require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments, limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry, place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors and increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions. 
 
 Our debt obligations may adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital and will be a burden on our future cash resources, particularly if we elect to settle these obligations in cash upon conversion or upon maturity or required repurchase. 
 
 Our ability to meet our payment obligations under the 2025 Notes and any outstanding indebtedness under our Credit Facility depends on our future cash flow performance. This, to some extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors, as well as other factors that may be beyond our control. There can be no assurance that our business will generate positive cash flow from operations, or that additional capital will be available to us, in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our debt payment obligations and to fund other liquidity needs. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations, we may need to refinance or restructure our debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. As a result, we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, less able to withstand competitive pressures and less flexible in responding to changing business and economic conditions. In addition, our Credit Facility limits our ability to incur additional indebtedness under certain circumstances. If we are unable to obtain capital on favorable terms or at all, we may have to reduce our operations or forego opportunities, and this may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may issue additional shares of our common stock in connection with conversions of the 2025 Notes, and thereby dilute our existing stockholders and potentially adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 In the event that the 2025 Notes are converted and we elect to deliver shares of common stock, the ownership interests of existing stockholders will be diluted, and any sales in the public market of any shares of our common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock. In addition, the anticipated conversion of the 2025 Notes could depress the market price of our common stock. 
 29 

The fundamental change provisions of the 2025 Notes may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover attempt of us. 
 
 If the Company undergoes a fundamental change, subject to certain conditions, holders may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of their 2025 Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2025 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In addition, if such fundamental change also constitutes a make-whole fundamental change, the conversion rate for the 2025 Notes may be increased upon conversion of the 2025 Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. Any increase in the conversion rate will be determined based on the date on which the make-whole fundamental change occurs or becomes effective and the price paid (or deemed paid) per share of our common stock in such transaction. Any such increase will be dilutive to our existing stockholders. Our obligation to repurchase the 2025 Notes or increase the conversion rate upon the occurrence of a make-whole fundamental change may, in certain circumstances, delay or prevent a takeover of us that might otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders. 
 
 The Capped Call Transactions may affect the value of the 2025 Notes and our common stock. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2025 Notes, we entered into Capped Call Transactions with certain financial institutions. The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce or offset the potential dilution upon conversion of the 2025 Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2025 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to the Cap Price, subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. 
 
 From time to time, certain financial institutions (with which we entered into the Capped Call Transactions) or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the 2025 Notes. This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock. 
 
 The potential effect, if any, of these transactions and activities on the price of our common stock or 2025 Notes will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time. Any of these activities could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the Capped Call Transactions. 
 
 All or some of the financial institutions (which are counterparties to the capped call transactions) might default under the Capped Call Transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. Past global economic conditions have resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at the time under the capped call transactions with such option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by an option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurance as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties. 
 
 Risks Related to our International Operations 
 
 We face risks associated with operating in international markets that may limit our ability to develop and sell our products, which could result in a decrease of our revenues. 
 
 We operate on a global basis and political, economic and security conditions in countries in which we operate may limit our ability to develop and sell our products. Specifically, we do business and have operations in Brazil and Ukraine. Continued political instability and war in these regions, and any other areas in the world where we have operations, may affect our business and operations in those and other neighboring regions. 
 
 In March 2022, in response to the war between Russia and Ukraine, a number of countries, including the United States, imposed sanctions and export controls on Russia, which in turn imposed counter-sanctions in response. While sales in Russia represented a very small percentage of our overall business, and while our operations in Russia and Ukraine have historically been a small portion of our overall workforce, the conflict is complex and rapidly evolving and subjects us to additional regulatory risk and compliance costs. As of December 31, 2022, we do not have any employees or contractors in Russia. We have no way to predict the progress or outcome of the situation, including any impact on the rest of the world, as the conflict and government reactions are rapidly developing. 
 30 

Our principal research and development facility, which also houses a portion of our support and general and administrative teams, is located in Israel. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its neighboring countries, as well as incidents of terror activities and other hostilities, and a number of state and non-state actors have publicly committed to its destruction. Political, economic and security conditions in Israel could directly affect our operations. We could be adversely affected by hostilities involving Israel, including acts of terrorism or any other hostilities involving or threatening Israel, the interruption or curtailment of trade between Israel and its trading partners, a significant increase in inflation or a significant downturn in the economic or financial condition of Israel. Any on-going or future armed conflicts, terrorist activities, tension along the Israeli borders or with other countries in the region, including Iran, or political instability in the region could disrupt international trading activities in Israel and may materially and negatively affect our business and could harm our results of operations. 
 
 Certain countries, as well as certain companies and organizations, continue to participate in a boycott of Israeli companies, companies with large Israeli operations and others doing business with Israel and Israeli companies. The boycott, restrictive laws, policies or practices directed towards Israel, Israeli businesses or Israeli citizens could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business in the future. 
 
 Some of our employees in Israel are obligated to perform routine military reserve duty in the Israel Defense Forces, depending on their age and position in the armed forces. Furthermore, they have been and may in the future be called to active reserve duty at any time under emergency circumstances for extended periods of time. Our operations could be disrupted by the absence, for a significant period, of one or more of our officers or key employees due to military service, and any significant disruption in our operations could harm our business. 
 
 Our insurance does not cover losses that may occur as a result of an event associated with the security situation in the Middle East or for any resulting disruption in our operations. Although the Israeli government has in the past covered the reinstatement value of direct damages that were caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, we cannot be assured that this government coverage will be maintained or, if maintained, will be sufficient to compensate us fully for damages incurred and the government may cease providing such coverage or the coverage might not suffice to cover potential damages. Any losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 The tax benefits available to our Israeli subsidiary terminated in 2020 and we expect our Israeli subsidiary to become subject to an increase in taxes. 
 
 Our Israeli subsidiary has benefited from a status of a Beneficiary Enterprise under the Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments, 5719-1959, or the Investment Law, since its incorporation. As of December 31, 2022, the tax benefit that we have been utilizing for our Israeli subsidiary terminated. A tax rate of 16 should be paid by our Israeli subsidiary per such eligible income under the terms of the Investment Law, subject to meeting various conditions. To the extent we do not meet these conditions, our Israeli operations will be subject to a corporate tax at the standard rate of 23 . If the Israeli subsidiary is subject to a corporate tax at the standard rate, it may adversely affect our tax expenses and effective tax rates. Additionally, if our Israeli subsidiary increases its activities outside of Israel, for example, through acquisitions, these activities may not be eligible for inclusion in Israeli tax benefit programs. The tax benefit derived from the Investment Law is dependent upon the ability to generate sufficient taxable income. Accordingly, our Israeli subsidiary may be unable to earn enough taxable income in order to fully utilize its tax benefits. 
 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of our Common Stock 
 
 Substantial future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock into the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, for whatever reason, including as a result of the conversion of the outstanding 2025 Notes or future public equity offerings, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had options, restricted stock units RSUs and performance stock units PSUs outstanding that, if fully vested and exercised, would result in the issuance of approximately 9.1 million shares of our common stock. All of the shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of options and vesting of RSUs and PSUs have been registered for public resale under the Securities Act. Accordingly, these shares will be able to be freely sold in the public market upon issuance as permitted by any applicable vesting requirements. 
 31 

Our stock price has been and will likely continue to be volatile. 
 
 The market price for our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile for the foreseeable future, and is subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors, as well as the volatility of our common stock, could affect the price at which our convertible noteholders could sell the common stock received upon conversion of the 2025 Notes and could also impact the trading price of the 2025 Notes. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, many of which we cannot predict or control, including the factors listed below and other factors described in this Risk Factors section: 
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results or those of other companies in our industry; 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections; 
 failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 ratings changes by any securities analysts who follow our company; 
 announcements of new products, services or technologies, commercial relationships, acquisitions or other events by us or other companies in our industry; 
 new announcements that affect investor perception of our industry, including reports related to the discovery of significant cyberattacks; 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 
 price and volume fluctuations in certain categories of companies or the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the global economy; 
 the trading volume of our common stock; 
 investor confusion with respect to the Company's results of operation during the SaaS transition; 
 changes in accounting principles; 
 sales of large blocks of our common stock, including sales by our executive officers, directors and significant stockholders; 
 additions or departures of any of our key personnel; 
 lawsuits threatened or filed against us; 
 short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions involving our capital stock; 
 general economic conditions in the United States and abroad, including inflationary pressures and higher interest rates; 
 changing legal or regulatory developments in the United States and other countries; 
 conversion of the 2025 Notes; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, pandemics, natural disasters or responses to these events. 
 
 In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. Stock prices of many technology companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and may cause a significant increase in the premium paid for our directors and officers insurance. 
 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock, so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 
 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, share repurchases, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, the Credit and Security Agreement for our Credit Facility contains a prohibition on the payment of cash dividends. Until such time that we pay a dividend, stockholders, including holders of our 2025 Notes who receive shares of our common stock upon conversion of the 2025 Notes, must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. 
 
 32 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law and provisions in the indenture for our 2025 Notes and Credit Facility could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management, thereby depressing the trading price of our common stock and 2025 Notes. 
 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may delay, discourage or prevent an acquisition of us or a change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. These provisions include: 
 
 authorizing blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by the board without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock, which would increase the number of outstanding shares and could thwart a takeover attempt; 
 a classified board of directors whose members can only be dismissed for cause; 
 the prohibition on actions by written consent of our stockholders; 
 the limitation on who may call a special meeting of stockholders; 
 the establishment of advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings; and 
 the requirement of at least 75 of the outstanding capital stock to amend any of the foregoing second through fifth provisions. 
 
 In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which limits the ability of stockholders owning in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock to merge or combine with us, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Although we believe these provisions collectively provide for an opportunity to obtain greater value for stockholders by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors, they would apply even if an offer rejected by our board were considered beneficial by some stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. 
 
 In addition, if a fundamental change occurs prior to the maturity date of the 2025 Notes, holders of the 2025 Notes will have the right, at their option, to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Convertible Notes. If a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture) occurs prior the maturity date, we will in some cases be required to increase the conversion rate of the 2025 Notes for a holder that elects to convert its 2025 Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. These features of the 2025 Notes may make a potential acquisition more expensive for a potential acquiror, which may in turn make it less likely for a potential acquiror to offer to purchase our company, or reduce the amount of consideration offered for each share of our common stock in a potential acquisition. Furthermore, the Indenture prohibits us from engaging in certain mergers or acquisitions unless, among other things, the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the 2025 Notes. Last, under our Credit Facility we cannot sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets of the Company to any person or entity subject to certain exceptions and we cannot merge, amalgamate or consolidate with any other entity. 
 
 General Risks Factors 
 
 Real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our software could adversely affect our growth prospects. 
 
 Because our software uses complex technology, undetected errors, failures or bugs may occur. Our software is often installed and used in a variety of computing environments with different operating system management software, and equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors or failures of our software or other aspects of the computing environment into which it is deployed. In addition, deployment of our software into computing environments may expose undetected errors, compatibility issues, failures or bugs in our software. Despite testing by us, errors, failures or bugs may not be found in our software until it is released to our customers. Moreover, our customers could incorrectly implement or inadvertently misuse our software, which could result in customer dissatisfaction and adversely impact the perceived utility of our products as well as our brand. Any of these real or perceived errors, compatibility issues, failures or bugs in our software could result in negative publicity, reputational harm, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our software, loss of competitive position or claims by customers for losses sustained by them. In such an event, we may be required, or may choose, for customer relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources in order to help correct the problem. Alleviating any of these problems could require significant expenditures of our capital and other resources and could cause interruptions or delays in the use of our solutions, which could cause us to lose existing or potential customers and could adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. 
 33 

We may require additional capital to support our business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 
 We continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features or enhance our software, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financing to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing that we may secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business is subject to the risks of fire, power outages, floods, earthquakes, pandemics and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by manmade problems such as terrorism. 
 
 A significant natural disaster, such as a fire, flood or an earthquake, an outbreak of a pandemic disease or a significant power outage could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In the event our customers IT systems or our channel partners selling or distribution abilities are hindered by any of these events, we may miss financial targets, such as revenues and sales targets, for a particular quarter. Further, if a natural disaster occurs in a region from which we derive a significant portion of our revenue, customers in that region may delay or forego purchases of our products, which may materially and adversely impact our results of operations for a particular period. In addition, acts of terrorism could cause disruptions in our business or the business of channel partners, customers or the economy as a whole. Given our typical concentration of sales at each quarter end, any disruption in the business of our channel partners or customers that impacts sales at the end of our quarter could have a significant adverse impact on our quarterly results. All of the aforementioned risks may be augmented if the disaster recovery plans for us and our channel partners prove to be inadequate. To the extent that any of the above results in delays or cancellations of customer orders, or the delay in the development, deployment or shipment of our products, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 
 Changes in financial accounting standards may adversely impact our reported results of operations. 
 
 New accounting pronouncements and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. Changes to existing rules or the questioning of current practices may adversely affect our operating results or the way we conduct our business. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business, our market and our competitors. We do not have any control over these analysts or their expectations regarding our performance on a quarterly or annual basis. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or change their opinion of our stock, our stock price would likely decline. If we fail to meet one or more of these analysts published expectations regarding our performance on a quarterly basis, our stock price or trading volume could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 We are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. These internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. We are also required to have our independent registered public accounting firm issue an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify one or more material 
 34 

weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 
 If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline, and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. 
 
 Future sales and issuances of our capital stock or rights to purchase capital stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 Future sales and issuances of our capital stock or rights to purchase our capital stock could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. We may sell common stock, convertible securities and other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner as we may determine from time to time. If we sell any such securities in subsequent transactions, investors may be materially diluted. New investors in such subsequent transactions could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 We do not have any unresolved comments from the SEC staff. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We have offices in Herzliya, Israel where we employ the majority of our research and development team and a portion of our support and general and administrative teams. We also have offices in North Carolina and Cork, Ireland which serve as our primary U.S. and EMEA customer support and inside sales center, respectively. Additionally, we have an office in New York City and smaller offices in France, the United Kingdom, Oregon, Arizona, Australia, Germany, the Netherlands, Singapore and Luxembourg which serve as regional sales offices and some of which are customer support centers. All of our office space is leased, the majority of which is under long-term leases with varying expiration dates. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs in the near future. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are not currently a party to any material litigation. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 35 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity 
 
 Our common stock has been listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol VRNS since February 28, 2014, the date of our initial public offering. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any further determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant. 
 
 Stockholders 
 
 As of January 18, 2023, there were six stockholders of record of our common stock, including The Depository Trust Company, which holds shares of our common stock on behalf of an indeterminate number of beneficial owners. 
 
 Issuance of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On October 28, 2022, we issued 21,060 shares of our Common Stock to a founder of Polyrize. Such issuance was a portion of the consideration paid to the founder in connection with the acquisition, and it was in lieu of a cash payment that otherwise would have been paid to him. Such shares were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration available under Regulation S as the issuance of our securities was to individuals that were non-U.S. persons. 
 36 

STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 
 The following shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 
 This chart compares the cumulative total return on our common stock with that of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Computer Index. The chart assumes 100 was invested at the close of market on December 31, 2017 in our common stock, the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Computer Index, and assumes the reinvestment of any dividends. The stock price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 The closing price of our common stock on December 30, 2022, the last trading day of our 2022 fiscal year, was 23.94 per share. 

Company/Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Varonis Systems, Inc. 100.00 108.96 160.06 336.99 301.42 147.93 NASDAQ Composite 100.00 96.12 129.97 186.69 226.63 151.61 NASDAQ Computer 100.00 96.32 144.80 217.17 299.39 192.28 
 
 Purchase of Equity Securities by Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 In October 2022, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 100.0 million of our common stock (the Share Repurchase Program ). Under the Share Repurchase Program, we are authorized to repurchase shares through open market purchases, privately-negotiated transactions or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans and under Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The Share Repurchase Program will 
 37 

expire on October 31, 2023. The number of shares to be purchased and the timing of purchases will be based on the Company's trading windows, available liquidity, and general business and market conditions. 
 
 The following table summarizes the share repurchase activity during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (in thousands) Average Price Paid Per Share (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (in thousands) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in thousands) October 1 - October 31 100,000 November 1 - November 30 2,350 18.95 2,350 55,470 December 1 - December 31 564 21.12 564 43,555 
 
 (1) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. 

Item 6. Reserved 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs, and involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors, including those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1A and elsewhere in this Annual Report. See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Summary Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 
 
 The Digital Transformation 
 
 The global digital transformation changed the way we live and work and impacted how data is stored, managed and accessed. This transformation fueled the secular trends that drive demand for our products, including the expansion to the cloud; increase in cybercrime; and compliance with data-driven regulations. These trends impact the way organizations operate and have increased our long-term opportunity to help our customers protect their data, detect threats and achieve regulatory compliance. 
 
 Companies around the world are focused on the elevated risks associated with having a highly distributed workforce collaborating on multiple platforms and we believe this trend will continue in the long-term and that we are well positioned to capitalize on the opportunity ahead. As companies of all sizes and industries are increasingly facing cyberattacks, they understand that a data-centric approach to security is critical and that the aforementioned elevated risks are here for the long-term. This has caused significant customer engagement which has converted into new business and expansion of existing business. 
 
 The Transition to a SaaS-Based Business Model 
 
 Enterprises now use many different combinations of on-premises and cloud data stores, SaaS applications and IaaS environments and this complexity requires a greater level of automated protection. We believe our offering provides comprehensive data coverage and we aim to keep pace with the relentless growth and complexity of data. We started in 2005 with coverage for just Windows file shares, but today we offer coverage for many mission-critical on-premises and cloud data stores and applications. 
 
 In the second half of 2021, we launched our first SaaS offering, introducing new products and support for cloud applications and infrastructure, including AWS, Box, GitHub, Google Drive, Jira, Okta, Salesforce, Slack and Zoom. On October 31, 2022 we announced the availability of our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform as a SaaS, which was previously only sold as a self-hosted solution. For a full description of our SaaS offerings see Part I, Item 1. Business - Our Products of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The benefits of SaaS delivery are widely established for both customers and providers, and we believe this evolution of a SaaS delivery option for the Varonis Data Security Platform will be transformational for several reasons: customers will be able to more quickly and easily deploy and maintain our solutions with reduced infrastructure requirements and lower upfront costs; risk assessments, the core of our sales motion, are expected to be quicker to deploy; we will have better ability to spot threats quickly, which will better inform our innovation; customers will benefit from continual threat model 
 38 

updates that will help them stay ahead of evolving threats; and the SaaS model will allow us to deliver additional features and functionality to customers more efficiently. 
 
 Given these benefits, we plan to transition our business to a predominately SaaS-based company over the next several years. We expect our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform as a SaaS to grow significantly over this time and become the primary driver of our revenues. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Varonis is a pioneer in data security and analytics, fighting a different battle than conventional cybersecurity companies. We are pioneers because more than 15 years ago we recognized that enterprise capacity to create and share data far exceeded its capacity to protect it. We believed that rapid data growth combined with increasing information dependence would change both the global economy and the risk profiles of corporations and governments and our conviction has only strengthened over time. Since our founding, our focus has been on using innovation to address the cyber-implications of these trends, creating software that provides new ways to track, alert and protect data wherever it is stored. 
 
 We sell substantially all of our products and services to channel partners, including distributors and resellers, which sell to end-user customers, which we refer to in this report as our customers. We believe that our sales model, which combines the leverage of a channel sales model with our highly trained and professional sales force, has and will continue to play a major role in our ability to grow and to successfully deliver our unique value proposition for enterprise data. While our products serve customers of all sizes, across industries and across geographies, the marketing focus and majority of our sales focus is on targeting organizations with 1,000 users or more who can make larger initial purchases with us and, over time, have a greater potential lifetime value. Our customers span leading firms in the financial services, public, healthcare, industrial, insurance, technology, consumer and retail, energy and utilities, construction and engineering and education sectors. We believe our existing customer base serves as a strong source of incremental future revenues given our broad platform of products, their growing volumes and complexity of enterprise data and related security concerns. We will continue our focus on targeting organizations with 1,000 users or more who can make larger purchases with us initially and over time. We are also focused on maintaining a high renewal rate by focusing on the quality and reliability of our customer service and support to ensure our customers receive value from our products and providing software upgrades and enhancements when and if they are available. Our self-hosted product suite currently contains more than 40 licenses. As of December 31, 2022, 78 of our customers with 500 employees or more had purchased four or more licenses, compared to 73 a year ago, and 50 purchased six or more licenses, compared to 41 a year ago. Our renewal rate continued to be over 90 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We believe there is a significant long-term growth opportunity in both domestic and international markets, which could include any organization that uses file shares, SaaS applications, intranets and email for collaboration. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 74 of our revenues were derived from North America, while approximately 23 of our revenues were derived from EMEA and approximately 3 from ROW. Additionally, total revenues grew approximately 21 for the year ended December 31, 2022. We continue to expect sales growth in North America and international expansion to be key components of our long-term growth strategy. During 2022, however, our operations in EMEA were negatively impacted by the broader macroeconomic conditions in the region, including a higher inflation environment, the weakening of the Euro and the Pound Sterling and the exit of our Russia business. In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the United States was also negatively impacted by, among other things, a higher inflation and interest rate environment and a general economic slowdown. As a result, we have seen changes in customer buying patterns including, increased budgetary tightening and longer sales cycles, a trend we expect to continue for the foreseeable future. We have taken measures to tie our level of investment in the business to the revenues we plan to achieve and to mitigate the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Despite these efforts, our results of operations to date have been negatively impacted and we will continue to closely monitor these trends and their affect on our business. 
 
 We continue to expand our domestic and international operations as part of our long-term growth strategy. While the expansion of our domestic operations is focused primarily on our underpenetrated territories, the expansion of our international operations depends in particular on our ability to hire, integrate and retain local sales personnel in these international markets, acquire new channel partners and implement an effective marketing strategy. Given the nominal amount of our ROW revenues, our ROW revenue growth rates have fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the future based on the timing of deal closures. In addition, the further expansion of our international operations will increase our sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses and will subject us to a variety of risks and challenges, including those related to economic and political conditions in each region, compliance with foreign laws and regulations, and compliance with domestic laws and regulations applicable to our international operations. 
 
 39 

Since inception, we have continued to scale our business and execute on strategic initiatives which we believe have positioned us for durable long-term growth. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, subscription revenues were 366.1 million, 270.8 million and 162.7 million, respectively, representing year-over-year growth of 35 and 67 . For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our total revenues were 473.6 million, 390.1 million and 292.7 million, respectively, representing year-over-year growth of 21 and 33 . For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had operating losses of 121.2 million, 98.7 million and 78.4 million and net losses of 124.5 million, 116.9 million and 94.0 million, respectively. 
 
 Key Performance Indicators and Recent Business Highlights 
 
 Annual Recurring Revenues 
 
 Annual recurring revenues is a key performance indicator defined as the annualized value of active term-based subscription license contracts, maintenance contracts and SaaS contracts in effect at the end of that period. Subscription license contracts, maintenance contracts and SaaS contracts are annualized by dividing the total contract value by the number of days in the term and multiplying the result by 365. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, ARR was 465.1 million, 387.1 million and 287.3 million, respectively, an increase of 20 and 35 period over period. The annualized value of contracts is a legal and contractual determination made by assessing the contractual terms with our customers. The annualized value of maintenance contracts is not determined by reference to historical revenues, deferred revenues or any other GAAP financial measure over any period. ARR is not a forecast of future revenues and can be impacted by contract start and end dates and renewal rates. We expect ARR to continue to increase in absolute dollars. 
 
 Components of Operating Results 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Subscription Revenues . Subscription revenues consist primarily of subscription licenses and SaaS revenues. Subscription licenses are sold on-premises and are recognized at the point of time when the software license has been delivered and the benefit of the asset has transferred. Maintenance associated with subscription licenses is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. In the second half of 2021, we launched our first SaaS offering, introducing products and support for cloud applications and infrastructure. On October 31, 2022 we announced the availability of the Varonis Data Security Platform under a SaaS delivery model, which was previously only sold as an on-premises solution. Each of these products allow customers to use hosted software, and the related revenue from these products is recognized ratably over the associated contract period. As we only introduced these licenses in the second half of 2021 and fourth quarter of 2022, respectively, the contribution to total revenues has not yet been significant. Due to the timing of renewals, renewal rates and the transition to a predominately SaaS business model, we could produce significant variation in the revenues we recognize in a given period. We are focused on acquiring new customers and increasing revenues from our existing customers. 
 
 Maintenance and Services Revenues . Maintenance and services revenues consist of revenues from maintenance agreements of perpetual license sales and, to a lesser extent, professional services. Customers with maintenance agreements are entitled to receive support and unspecified upgrades and enhancements when and if they become available. We recognize the revenues associated with maintenance ratably over the associated contract period. We measure the renewal rate for our customers over a 12-month period, based on a dollar renewal rate for contracts expiring during that time period. Our renewal rate for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 continued to be over 90 . We have seen and expect to continue to see insignificant perpetual license revenues in the future and, therefore, we expect the associated maintenance and support to continue to decline despite the strong renewal rates. We also offer professional services, generally provided on a time and materials basis, focused on training our customers in the use of our products. We recognize the revenues associated with these professional services as we deliver the services, provide the training or when the service term has expired. Although professional services have always been a small percentage of our total revenues, we have recently seen, and expect to continue to see, that percentage decline as many of our newer licenses can provide remediation in more automated ways. As such, our overall maintenance and services revenues is also expected to continue to decline. 
 
 The following table sets forth the percentage of our revenues that have been derived from licenses and maintenance and services revenues for the periods presented. 
 40 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (as a percentage of total revenues) Revenues: Subscriptions 77.3 69.4 55.6 Maintenance and services 22.7 30.6 44.4 Total revenues 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 
 Our products are used by a wide range of enterprises, including Fortune 500 corporations and small and medium-sized businesses. Our customers span a broad array of industries and are located in over 90 countries. 
 
 Cost of Revenues, Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 
 Our cost of revenues consists of cost of maintenance and services revenues. Cost of maintenance and services revenues consist primarily of salaries (including payroll tax expense related to stock-based compensation), employee benefits (including commissions and bonuses) and stock-based compensation for our maintenance and services employees; amortization of acquired intangible assets; third-party hosting fees; travel expenses; and allocated overhead costs for facilities, IT and depreciation. We recognize expenses related to maintenance and services as they are incurred. We expect that our cost of maintenance and services revenues will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our customer success and support teams, our move to a SaaS-based business model and programs and expenses that play a critical role in our subscription-based business model and our overall renewals. 
 
 Gross profit is total revenues less total cost of revenues. Gross margin is gross profit expressed as a percentage of total revenues. As the majority of our expenses are relatively fixed quarter over quarter and due to the seasonality of our business, the first quarter typically results in the lowest gross margin as our first quarter revenues have historically been the lowest for the year. Conversely, the fourth quarter typically results in the highest gross margin as our fourth quarter revenues have historically been the highest for the year. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Our operating expenses are classified into three categories: research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative. For each category, the largest component is personnel costs, which consists of salaries (including payroll tax expense related to stock-based compensation), employee benefits (including commissions and bonuses) and stock-based compensation. Operating expenses also include allocated overhead costs for facilities, IT and depreciation. Allocated costs for facilities primarily consist of rent and office maintenance. Operating expenses are generally recognized as incurred. As a company, we have always aimed to tie our level of investment in the business to the revenues we expect to achieve and we actively manage expenses across the business. We expect personnel costs to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to grow our business. 
 
 Research and Development . Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel costs attributable to our research and development personnel, as well as allocated overhead costs. We expense research and development costs as incurred. We expect that our research and development expenses will continue to increase in absolute dollars as we further strengthen our technology platform and invest in the development of both existing and new products through the hiring of talented and capable employees. 
 
 Sales and Marketing . Sales and marketing expenses are the largest component of our operating expenses and consist primarily of personnel costs, as well as marketing and business development costs, travel expenses, training and education and allocated overhead costs. We expect that sales and marketing expenses will continue to increase in absolute dollars as we plan to expand our sales and marketing efforts, both domestically and internationally. We also expect sales and marketing expenses to continue to be our largest category of operating expenses. 
 
 General and Administrative . General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel and facility-related costs for our executive, finance, legal, human resources and administrative personnel. Other expenses are comprised of legal, accounting and other consultant fees and other corporate expenses and allocated overhead. We expect that general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we expand our operations. 
 
 41 

Financial Income (Expenses), Net 
 
 Financial income (expenses), net consists primarily of foreign exchange gains or losses, amortization of debt discount and issuance costs, interest expense and interest income. Foreign exchange gains or losses relate to our business activities in foreign countries with different operational reporting currencies. As a result of our business activities in foreign countries, we expect that foreign exchange gains or losses will continue to occur due to fluctuations in exchange rates in the countries where we do business. Other factors such as economic instability could also contribute to volatility in the global financial and foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of Pound Sterling, Euros and other currencies. Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs relate to the 2025 Notes we issued in May 2020 and the Credit Facility we entered into in August 2020. Interest expense consists of the contractual interest expenses associated with the 2025 Notes. Interest income represents interest received on our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, deposits and amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts related to our investment in available for sale marketable securities. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We operate in several tax jurisdictions and are subject to taxes in each country or jurisdiction in which we conduct business. Earnings from our non-U.S. activities are subject to local country income tax and may be subject to U.S. income tax. 
 
 Because of our history of operating losses, we have established a full valuation allowance against potential future benefits for deferred tax assets, including loss carryforwards. Our income tax provision could be significantly impacted by estimates surrounding our uncertain tax positions and changes to our valuation allowance in future periods. We reevaluate the judgments surrounding our estimates and make adjustments as appropriate each reporting period. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to the regular examinations of our income tax returns by different tax authorities. For example, we are currently subject to tax audits in Israel and a state tax audit in the United States. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The following tables are a summary of our consolidated statements of operations in dollars and as a percentage of our total revenues. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Statement of Operations Data: Revenues: Subscriptions 366,144 270,832 162,661 Maintenance and services 107,490 119,302 130,028 Total revenues 473,634 390,134 292,689 Cost of revenues 69,836 59,399 44,261 Gross profit 403,798 330,735 248,428 Operating expenses: Research and development 177,881 137,882 99,363 Sales and marketing 275,090 230,314 179,902 General and administrative 72,055 61,233 47,578 Total operating expenses 525,026 429,429 326,843 Operating loss (121,228) (98,694) (78,415) Financial income (expenses), net 10,413 (12,145) (7,483) Loss before income taxes (110,815) (110,839) (85,898) Income taxes (13,703) (6,022) (8,112) Net loss (124,518) (116,861) (94,010) 
 
 42 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (as a percentage of total revenues) Statement of Operations Data: Revenues: Subscriptions 77.3 69.4 55.6 Maintenance and services 22.7 30.6 44.4 Total revenues 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of revenues 14.7 15.2 15.1 Gross profit 85.3 84.8 84.9 Operating expenses: Research and development 37.6 35.4 33.9 Sales and marketing 58.1 59.0 61.5 General and administrative 15.2 15.7 16.3 Total operating expenses 110.9 110.1 111.7 Operating loss (25.6) (25.3) (26.8) Financial income (expenses), net 2.2 (3.1) (2.5) Loss before income taxes (23.4) (28.4) (29.3) Income taxes (2.9) (1.6) (2.8) Net loss (26.3) (30.0) (32.1) 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Revenues: Subscriptions 366,144 270,832 35.2 Maintenance and services 107,490 119,302 (9.9) Total revenues 473,634 390,134 21.4 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (as a percentage of total revenues) Revenues: Subscriptions 77.3 69.4 Maintenance and services 22.7 30.6 Total revenues 100.0 100.0 
 
 43 

Subscription revenues increased 35 from 270.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 366.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in subscription revenues was driven by existing customers expanding their licenses, new customer acquisitions and our high renewal rate. Total revenues increased approximately 21 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. ARR was 465.1 million and 387.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing an increase of 20 . The anticipated decrease in maintenance and services revenues was due to churn despite our renewal rate continuing to be over 90 for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as well as newer licenses providing remediation in more automated ways, requiring less professional services time. As a result, we expected, and continue to expect less associated maintenance and services revenues in the future. As of December 31, 2022, 78 of our customers with 500 employees or more had purchased four or more licenses, compared to 73 a year ago, and 50 purchased six or more licenses, compared to 41 a year ago. 
 
 Cost of Revenues and Gross Margin 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Cost of revenues 69,836 59,399 17.6 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (as a percentage of total revenues) Total gross margin 85.3 84.8 
 
 The increase in cost of revenues was primarily related to an increase of 7.6 million in salaries and benefits and stock-based compensation expense due to increased headcount for customer success and support personnel to ensure high customer satisfaction and maintain our strong renewal rates. The increase was also due to a 2.5 million increase in facilities and allocated overhead costs. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Operating expenses: Research and development 177,881 137,882 29.0 Sales and marketing 275,090 230,314 19.4 General and administrative 72,055 61,233 17.7 Total operating expenses 525,026 429,429 22.3 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (as a percentage of total revenues) Operating expenses: Research and development 37.6 35.4 Sales and marketing 58.1 59.0 General and administrative 15.2 15.7 Total operating expenses 110.9 110.1 
 
 The increase in research and development expenses was primarily related to an increase of 34.3 million in salaries and benefits and stock-based compensation expense resulting from increased headcount as part of our focus on enhancing and developing our existing and new products. The increase was also due to a 5.3 million increase in facilities and allocated overhead costs. 
 
 44 

The increase in sales and marketing expenses was primarily related to an increase of 30.8 million in salaries and benefits and stock-based compensation expense due to increased headcount to expand our sales force and commissions on increased customer orders. The increase was also due to a 5.6 million increase in facilities and allocated overhead costs and a 3.8 million increase related to marketing related expenses. 
 
 The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily related to an increase of 7.7 million in salaries and benefits and stock-based compensation expense primarily due to increased headcount to support the overall growth of our business. The increase was also due to a 1.3 million increase in other expenses and facilities and allocated overhead costs. 
 
 Financial Income (Expenses), Net 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Financial income (expenses), net 10,413 (12,145) 185.7 
 
 The shift from financial expenses, net to financial income, net was primarily due to higher interest income, foreign currency gains and a decrease in the amortization of debt discount costs on our convertible senior notes as a result of our adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Income taxes (13,703) (6,022) (127.5) 
 
 Income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022, including the increase in income taxes, were comprised of U.S. and foreign income taxes. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 We do not believe that inflation rates have had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations in the last three fiscal years. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 For a comparison of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022, which comparative information is herein incorporated by reference. 
 
 Seasonality and Quarterly Trends 
 
 Our quarterly results reflect seasonality in the sale of our products and services. Historically, we have experienced a pattern of increased sales in the fourth quarter. This trend makes it difficult to achieve sequential revenue growth in the first quarter of the following year. Because of purchasing trends, demand for our products and services is typically slowest in the first quarter, resulting in a decrease in quarterly revenues from the fourth quarter to the first quarter of the subsequent fiscal year. Our gross margins and operating margins have been affected by these historical trends because the majority of our expenses are relatively fixed quarter over quarter. Our expenses, which do not vary directly with revenues, and the seasonal pattern described above have an impact on the cost of revenues, research and development expenses, sales and marketing expenses and general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues in each calendar quarter during the year. We expect the impact of these seasonal patterns to decline as we sell more of our SaaS offering to new customers and transition our existing customers to our SaaS platform. The majority of our expenses are personnel-related costs, which consist of salaries (including payroll tax expense related to stock-based compensation), employee benefits (including commissions and bonuses) 
 45 

and stock-based compensation. As a result, we have not experienced significant seasonal fluctuations in the timing of expenses from period to period. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The following table shows our liquidity and capital resources as of and our cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources as of and our cash flow activities for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022, which discussion is herein incorporated by reference. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 11,871 7,178 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (374,251) 54,379 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (75,581) 510,112 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (437,961) 571,669 
 
 On December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and short-term deposits of 732.5 million were held for working capital purposes. We have proactively taken steps to increase available cash, including, but not limited to, issuing a follow-on equity offering and the 2025 Notes, and we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, short-term deposits and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to fund our operations and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, timing of renewals and renewal rates, the expansion of our sales and marketing activities, the timing and extent of spending to support product development efforts and expansion into new geographic locations, the timing of introductions of new software products and enhancements to existing software products, the continuing market acceptance of our software offerings and our use of cash to pay for acquisitions or share repurchases, if any. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Our operating activities are driven by sales of our products less costs and expenses, primarily payroll and related expenses, and adjusted for certain non-cash items, mainly depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, amortization of deferred commissions, noncash operating lease costs, amortization of debt discount and issuance costs and amortization of premium and accretion of discount on marketable securities, and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Changes in operating assets and liabilities are driven mainly by collection of accounts receivable from the sales of our software products. 
 
 For 2022, cash provided by operating activities were 11.9 million. We have observed two seasonal patterns that impact our net cash provided by operating activities. First, a majority of our sales are made during the last three weeks of the quarter. Second, the highest dollar amount of sales of our products and services occurs in the fourth quarter. Consequently, we end the fourth quarter with our highest accounts receivable balance of any quarter which in turn generates the greatest amount of collections in the following quarter. In addition, there is negative sequential revenue in the first quarter, which results in a relatively lower amount collected during the second quarter. These seasonal trends also impact our operating loss because the majority of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short-term. For 2022, sources of cash inflows were 63.2 million, which included our net loss of 124.5 million, offset by non-cash charges of 187.7 million. Additional sources of cash inflows were from changes in our working capital, including a 5.3 million increase in deferred revenues, a 1.4 million increase in other long-term liabilities and a 0.5 million decrease in other long-term assets. This was partially offset by a 28.2 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets (including deferred commissions) and a 18.8 million increase in accounts receivable. Our days sales outstanding DSO for the three months and year ended December 31, 2022 was 79 and 70, respectively. Other sources of cash outflows were from a 9.1 million decrease in accrued expenses and other liabilities, 
 a 2.4 million decrease in trade payables. 
 
 For 2021, cash provided by operating activities were 7.2 million. For 2021, sources of cash inflows were 33.0 million, which included our net loss of 116.9 million, offset by non-cash charges of 149.9 million. Additional sources of cash inflows were from changes in our working capital, including a 5.9 million increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities, a 5.4 million increase in deferred revenues, a 4.5 million increase in trade payables, a 1.6 million increase in other long-term 
 46 

liabilities and a 1.4 million decrease in other long-term assets. This was partially offset by a 23.0 million increase in accounts receivable. Our DSO for the three months and year ended December 31, 2021 was 74 and 69, respectively. Other sources of cash outflows were from a 21.7 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets (including deferred commissions). 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Our investing activities consist primarily of capital expenditures to purchase property and equipment, including leasehold improvements, purchase and sale of deposits and changes in our marketable securities. In the future, we expect to continue to incur capital expenditures to support our expanding operations. 
 
 During 2022, net cash used in investing activities of 374.3 million was primarily attributable to net investments of 236.3 million in marketable securities, 126.6 million in net deposits and 11.4 million in capital expenditures to support our growth during the period including hardware, software, office equipment and leasehold improvements mainly in connection with existing office space. 
 
 During 2021, net cash provided by investing activities of 54.4 million was primarily attributable to 34.1 million of net proceeds from marketable securities and 30.8 million of net proceeds from short-term and long-term deposits. This was partially offset by 10.5 million in capital expenditures to support our growth during the period including hardware, software, office equipment and leasehold improvements mainly in connection with existing office space. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 In 2022, net cash used in financing activities of 75.6 million was attributable to 56.4 million of repurchases of common stock and 31.1 million in taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards, partially offset by 11.9 million of proceeds from employee stock plans. 
 
 In 2021, net cash provided by financing activities of 510.1 million was attributable to 500.0 million of net proceeds from a public follow-on offering of equity and 11.1 million of proceeds from employee stock plans, partially offset by 1.0 million in taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On August 21, 2020, we entered into the Credit and Security Agreement, for a three-year secured revolving credit facility of 70.0 million. For information regarding the revolving credit facility, refer to Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no balance outstanding on the Credit Facility and we were in compliance with all financial covenants and non-financial covenants. 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 
 On May 11, 2020, we issued 253.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes. The net proceeds from the offering, after deducting initial purchaser discount and issuance costs, were approximately 245.2 million. In connection with the issuance of the 2025 Notes, we entered into the Capped Call Transactions. We used 29.3 million of the net proceeds from the 2025 Notes to purchase the Capped Call Transactions, as further discussed in Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 In October 2022, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 100.0 million of the Company s common stock (the Share Repurchase Program ). Under the Share Repurchase Program, we are authorized to repurchase shares through open market purchases, privately-negotiated transactions or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans and under Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. At December 31, 2022, we had 43.6 million of capacity remaining under our Share Repurchase Program which will expire on October 31, 2023. The number of shares to be purchased and the timing of purchases will be based on our trading windows, available liquidity, and general business and market conditions. 
 
 Contractual Payment Obligations 
 47 

Our principal commitments primarily consist of obligations under leases for office space and motor vehicles. Aggregate minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable leases as of December 31, 2022 for the upcoming years were as follows: 
 Payments Due by Period 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (in thousands) Operating lease obligations 11,674 10,246 9,643 9,418 9,624 23,663 74,268 
 
 We have obligations related to unrecognized tax benefit liabilities totaling 17.3 million and others related to severance pay, which have been excluded from the table above as we do not believe it is practicable to make reliable estimates of the periods in which payments for these obligations will be made. We also have a contractual minimum purchase commitment with a service provider through August 31, 2025 totaling 1.1 million due in the next 12 months and 6.3 million due thereafter and an additional 67.0 million contractual minimum purchase commitment with another service provider through December 31, 2026 with no specified annual commitments. We expect to fund these obligations with cash flows from operations and cash on our balance sheet. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of consolidated financial statements also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. Critical accounting policies and estimates are those that we consider the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations because they require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of the matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 
 Revenue Recognition: 
 
 We generate revenues primarily in the form of subscription licenses, SaaS revenues and maintenance and services fees. Subscription license revenues are sold on-premises and are comprised of time-based licenses whereby customers use our software (including support and unspecified upgrades and enhancements when and if they are available) for a specified period. In the second half of 2021, we launched our first SaaS offering, introducing new products and support for cloud applications and infrastructure. On October 31, 2022, we announced the availability of the Varonis Data Security Platform as a SaaS, which was previously only sold as a self-hosted solution. Maintenance and services primarily consist of fees for maintenance and services of perpetual license sales (including support and unspecified upgrades and enhancements when and if they are available) and to a lesser extent professional services, which focus on both operationalizing the software and training our customers to fully leverage the use of our products, although the user can benefit from the software without our assistance. We sell our products worldwide to a network of distributors and value-added resellers, and payment is typically due within 30 to 60 calendar days of the invoice date. 
 
 We recognize revenues in accordance with ASC No. 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. As such, we identify a contract with a customer, identify the performance obligations in the contract, determine the transaction price, allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract and recognize revenues when (or as) we satisfy a performance obligation. 
 
 Subscription software that is sold on-premises is recognized at the point of time when the software license has been delivered and the benefit of the asset has transferred. As we now have an immaterial amount of perpetual license revenues, these revenues are included within the subscriptions line of the consolidated statements of operations. Maintenance associated with subscription licenses is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement and is included within the subscriptions line of the consolidated statements of operations. Our SaaS offerings allow customers to use hosted software, and our revenue is 
 48 

recognized ratably over the associated contract period. As these solutions were only recently offered to customers, the total associated revenues have not yet been material. 
 
 We recognize revenues from maintenance agreements ratably over the term of the underlying maintenance contract. The term of the maintenance contract is usually one year. Renewals of maintenance contracts create new performance obligations that are satisfied over the new term with the revenues recognized ratably over the period. 
 
 Revenues from professional services consist mostly of time and material services. The performance obligations are satisfied, and revenues are recognized, when the services are provided or once the service term has expired. 
 
 We enter into contracts that can include combinations of products and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. The license is distinct upon delivery as the customer can derive the economic benefit of the software without any professional services, updates or technical support. We allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on our relative standalone selling price out of the total consideration of the contract. For maintenance, we determine the standalone selling prices based on the price at which we separately sell a renewal contract. For professional services, we determine the standalone selling prices based on the price at which we separately sell those services. For software licenses, we use the residual approach to determine the standalone selling prices due to the lack of history of selling software license on a standalone basis and the highly variable sales price. 
 
 Trade receivables are generally recorded at the invoice amount mostly for a one-year period, net of an allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Deferred revenues represent mostly unrecognized fees billed or collected for maintenance. Deferred revenues are recognized as (or when) we perform under the contract. Pursuant to these contracts, customers are not invoiced for subsequent years until the annual renewal occurs. The amount of revenues recognized in the period that was included in the opening deferred revenues balance was 102.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We do not grant a right of return to our customers, except for one of our resellers. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were no returns from this reseller. 
 
 For information regarding disaggregated revenues, refer to Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Contract Costs: 
 
 We pay sales commissions to sales and marketing and certain management personnel based on their attainment of certain predetermined sales goals. Sales commissions earned by employees are considered incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. Sales commissions paid for initial contracts, which are not commensurate with sales commissions paid for renewal contracts, are capitalized and amortized over an expected period of benefit. Based on our technology, customer contracts and other factors, we have determined the expected period of benefit to be approximately four years. Sales commissions for renewal contracts are capitalized and then amortized on a straight-line basis. Amortization expenses related to these costs are included in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation: 
 
 We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC No. 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation. ASC No. 718 requires companies to estimate the fair value of equity-based payment awards on the date of grant using an Option-Pricing Model. We recognize compensation expenses for the value of our equity awards granted based on the straight-line method over the requisite service period of each of the awards. In addition, we grant performance stock units to certain employees under the 2013 Plan. The number of performance stock units earned and eligible to vest are generally determined after a one-year performance period, based on achievement of certain Company financial performance measures and the recipient s continued service. We recognize share-based compensation expense for the performance stock units on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award when it is probable that the performance conditions will be achieved. Compensation expense for performance stock units with financial performance measures is measured using the fair value at the date of grant and recorded over each vesting period, and may be adjusted over the vesting period based on interim estimates of performance against the pre-set objectives. 
 
 Business Combinations: 
 
 49 

We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, allocation of the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. When determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we make estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. During the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with a corresponding offset to goodwill if new information is obtained related to facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. After the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. Acquisition costs, such as legal and consulting fees, are expensed as incurred. 
 
 Convertible Senior Notes: 
 
 We account for our convertible senior notes in accordance with ASC 470-20 "Debt with Conversion and Other Options." Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022, we separated the Notes into liability and equity components. The carrying amounts of the liability component of the Notes were calculated by measuring the fair value of similar debt instruments that do not have an associated convertible feature. The carrying amounts of the equity components, representing the conversion option, were determined by deducting the fair value of the liability components from the par value of the 2025 Notes. This difference represents the debt discount that is amortized to interest expense over the terms of the 2025 Notes using the effective interest rate method. The carrying amount of the equity components representing the conversion option was approximately 31.8 million for the 2025 Notes and were recorded in additional paid-in capital. In addition, we allocated transaction costs related to the issuance of the 2025 Notes to the liability and equity components using the same proportions as the initial carrying value of the Notes. Transaction costs attributable to the liability component were approximately 6.9 million and were being amortized to interest expense at an effective interest method rate of 4.51 . Transaction costs attributable to the equity component were approximately 1.0 million and were netted with the equity component of the 2025 Notes in additional paid-in capital. 
 
 Following the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022, which we elected to adopt using a modified retrospective approach, we no longer separates the 2025 Notes into liability and equity components. The cumulative effect of the accounting change as of January 1, 2022 was a decrease to accumulated deficit of 8.6 million, a decrease in additional paid-in capital of 30.8 million and an increase in liabilities of 22.1 million on our consolidated balance sheets. Comparative prior year periods were not adjusted. In connection with the adoption, we calculated an effective interest rate of 1.87 . 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, ASC Subtopic 470-20 Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options and ASC subtopic 815-40 Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity. The standard simplified the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity, including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity s own equity. Additionally, ASU 2020-06 requires the application of the if-converted method to calculate the impact of convertible instruments on earnings per share. We adopted this standard on January 1, 2022 using a modified retrospective basis which resulted in a decrease to accumulated deficit of 8.6 million, a decrease in additional paid-in capital of 30.8 million and an increase in liabilities of 22.1 million on our consolidated balance sheets. For more information, refer to Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 
 We have reviewed recent accounting pronouncements and concluded that they are either not applicable to our business or that no material effect is expected on the consolidated financial statements as a result of their future adoption. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We do not hold financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes 
 
 Market Risk 
 
 50 

We are exposed to certain financial risks, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We manage our exposure to these market risks through internally established policies and procedures. Our policies do not allow speculation in derivative instruments for profit or execution of derivative instrument contracts for which there are no underlying exposures. We do not use financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes, and we are not a party to any leveraged derivatives. We monitor our underlying market risk exposures on an ongoing basis and, where appropriate, may use hedging strategies to mitigate these risks. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 Approximately one quarter of our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were earned in non-U.S. dollar denominated currencies, mainly in the Euro and Pound Sterling. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which our operations are located, primarily the U.S. dollar and NIS, and to a lesser extent the Euro, Pound Sterling, Canadian dollar and Australian dollar. Our expenses denominated in foreign currencies consist primarily of personnel and overhead costs from our international operations. Our consolidated results of operations and cash flow are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign exchange rates. We enter into financial hedging strategies to reduce our exposure to foreign currency rate changes. During 2022, the effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business, after considering foreign currency hedges, would not have had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 For purposes of our consolidated financial statements, local currency assets and liabilities are translated at the rate of exchange to the U.S. dollar on the balance sheet date and local currency revenues and expenses are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction or the average exchange rate during the reporting period. 
 
 Historically, we have used derivative financial instruments, specifically foreign currency forward contracts, to manage exposure to foreign currency risks, by hedging a portion of our forecasted expenses denominated in NIS generally expected to occur within 12 months. Over the last several quarters, we have closed forward foreign exchange contracts beyond 12 months to capitalize on more favorable rates. The effect of exchange rate changes on foreign currency forward contracts is expected to offset the effect of exchange rate changes on the underlying hedged item. We also enter into forward contracts to hedge a portion of our monetary items in the balance sheet, such as trade receivables and payables, denominated in Pound Sterling and Euro for short-term periods to protect the fair value of the monetary assets and liabilities from foreign exchange rate fluctuations. The effect of exchange rate changes on foreign currency forward contracts is expected to offset the effect of exchange rate changes in the underlying hedged item which impacts financial income (expenses), net. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We had cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and short-term deposits of 732.5 million as of December 31, 2022. We hold our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and short-term deposits for working capital purposes. Due to the short-term nature of these instruments, we believe that we do not have any material exposure to changes in the fair value of our investment portfolio as a result of changes in interest rates. Declines in interest rates, however, would reduce our future interest income. The effect of a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In May 2020, we issued 253.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.25 convertible senior notes due in 2025. The 2025 Notes have fixed annual interest rates at 1.25 and, therefore, we do not have economic interest rate exposure on our 2025 Notes. However, the values of the 2025 Notes are exposed to interest rate risk. Generally, the fair market value of our fixed interest rate 2025 Notes will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. In addition, the fair values of the 2025 Notes are affected by our stock price. The fair value of the 2025 Notes will generally increase as our common stock price increases and will generally decrease as our common stock price declines in value. Additionally, we carry the 2025 Notes at face value less unamortized costs on our balance sheet, and we present the fair value for required disclosure purposes only. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding obligations under our credit facility. To the extent we enter into other long-term debt arrangements in the future, we would be subject to fluctuations in interest rates which could have a material impact on our future financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 51 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 53 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 63 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 65 

52 

Kost Forer Gabbay Kasierer 
 144 Menachem Begin Road, Building A 
 Tel-Aviv 6492102, Israel 
 Tel: +972-3-6232525 Fax: +972-3-5622555 ey.com 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 
 VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Varonis Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022, and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 7, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 53 

Kost Forer Gabbay Kasierer 
 144 Menachem Begin Road, Building A 
 Tel-Aviv 6492102, Israel 
 Tel: +972-3-6232525 Fax: +972-3-5622555 ey.com 
 Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter As described in Note 2.h to the consolidated financial statements, the Company generates revenues mainly in the form of software license fees and related maintenance and services fees. Software license revenues are recognized at the point in time when the software license has been delivered and the benefit of the asset has been transferred. The Company recognizes revenues from maintenance ratably over the term of the underlying maintenance contract term. Renewals of maintenance contracts create new performance obligations that are satisfied over time with the revenues recognized ratably over the period. 
 
 The Company enters into contracts that can include combinations of products and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. The Company allocates the transaction price to the distinct performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis and recognizes revenue when control of the distinct performance obligation is transferred. For maintenance, the Company determines the standalone selling prices based on the price at which it separately sells a renewal contract. For software licenses, the Company uses the residual approach to determine the standalone selling prices due to the lack of history of selling software licenses on a standalone basis and the highly variable sales price. 
 
 Auditing the Company s recognition of revenue was challenging and complex due to the effort required to evaluate the determination of whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus a single performance obligation, such as software licenses and related maintenance, the determination of stand-alone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation and the timing of when revenue is recognized. 
 
 Given these factors, the related audit effort in evaluating management s judgments in determining revenue recognition was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls related to the identification of distinct performance obligations, the determination of the stand-alone selling prices and of the timing of revenue recognition. 
 
 Among the procedures we performed to test the identification and determination of distinct performance obligations, for a sample of contracts, we read the executed contract to understand and evaluated management s identification of significant terms for completeness, including the identification of distinct performance obligations. 
 
 To test management s determination of stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation, we performed procedures to evaluate the methodology applied, tested the accuracy of the underlying data and calculations and the application of that methodology to the sample of contracts. 
 
 We also tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the financial statements. Finally, we assessed the appropriateness of the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

A Member of Ernst Young Global 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007. 
 
 February 7, 2023 
 
 54 

Kost Forer Gabbay Kasierer 
 144 Menachem Begin Road, Building A 
 Tel-Aviv 6492102, Israel 
 Tel: +972-3-6232525 Fax: +972-3-5622555 ey.com 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 
 VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Varonis Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the "COSO criteria"). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, statements of comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes, and our report dated February 7, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

55 

Kost Forer Gabbay Kasierer 
 144 Menachem Begin Road, Building A 
 Tel-Aviv 6492102, Israel 
 Tel: +972-3-6232525 Fax: +972-3-5622555 ey.com 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

KOST FORER GABBAY KASIERER 
 A Member of Ernst Young Global 
 
 Tel-Aviv, Israel 
 February 7, 2023 
 56 

VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Short-term deposits Trade receivables (net of allowance of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long-term assets: Operating lease right-of-use asset Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total long-term assets Total assets 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Trade payables Accrued expenses and other short-term liabilities Deferred revenues Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Convertible senior notes, net Operating lease liability Deferred revenues Other liabilities Total long-term liabilities Stockholders equity: Share capital Common stock of par value - Authorized: shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; Issued and outstanding: shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

58 

VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Subscriptions Maintenance and services Total revenues Cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) Financial income (expenses), net ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income taxes ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted Weighted average number of shares used in computing net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) ) Income on marketable securities reclassified into earnings, net of tax ) ) ) Unrealized income (loss) on derivative instruments, net of tax ) Loss (income) on derivative instruments reclassified into earnings, net of tax ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 61 

Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated deficit Total stockholders equity Number Amount Balance as of January 1, 2020 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issued under employee stock plans, net Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Issuance of common stock from acquisitions Fair value of replacement equity awards attributable to pre-acquisition service Realized and unrealized income on derivative instruments Unrealized loss on available for sale securities ) ) Purchase of capped calls related to Convertible senior notes ) ) Equity component of Convertible senior notes, net Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of Common stock in connection with follow-on offering, net of issuance costs of 
 Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issued under employee stock plans Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Realized and unrealized loss on derivative instruments, net ) ) Unrealized loss on available for sale securities ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Effect of adoption of ASU 2020-06 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issued under employee stock plans Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Realized and unrealized loss on derivative instruments ) ) Unrealized loss on available for sale securities ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Amortization of deferred commissions Noncash operating lease costs Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Amortization of premium and accretion of discount on marketable securities ) Gain from sale of property and equipment ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Trade receivables ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Deferred commissions ) ) ) Other long-term assets Trade payables ) ) Accrued expenses and other short-term liabilities ) Deferred revenues ) Other long-term liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities Investment in marketable securities ) ) Proceeds from short-term and long-term deposits Investment in short-term and long-term deposits ) ) ) Acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from employee stock plans Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) Proceeds from follow-on offering, net Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes, net of issuance costs Purchases of capped calls ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) 
 63 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1:- 
 
 wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 
 The Company's software specializes in data protection, threat detection and response, data privacy and compliance. Varonis software enables enterprises of all sizes and industries to protect data stored on-premises and in the cloud including: sensitive files and emails; confidential personal data belonging to customers, patients and employees; financial records; source code, strategic and product plans; and other intellectual property. Recognizing the complexities of securing data, the Company has built an integrated platform for security and analytics to simplify and streamline security and data management. 
 
 The Company offers coverage for more than 40 of the most mission-critical on-premises and cloud data stores and applications. In 2021, the Company launched its DatAdvantage Cloud hosted solution that centrally monitors and protects data across multiple cloud data stores, Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS") applications and Infrastructure-as-a-Service ("IaaS") environments, as well as Data Classification Cloud to help automatically identify sensitive information. In 2022, it continued to enhance DatAdvantage Cloud and Data Classification Cloud with new functionality. In addition, the Company announced the availability of its flagship Data Security Platform as a SaaS, which offers simpler deployment, faster time-to-value, and groundbreaking new automation capabilities. 

NOTE 2:- 

65 

Total Marketable securities US Treasury securities ) US Agencies securities ) Commercial paper Corporate bonds ) Total ) Short-term deposits Term bank deposits Total 
 66 

Total Short-term deposits Term bank deposits Total 
 
 - , per annum, as of December 31, 2022 and a rate of , per annum, as of December 31, 2021. Short-term deposits are presented at cost which approximates fair value due to their short maturities. 

Office furniture and equipment Leasehold improvements 

67 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, impairment losses have been recorded. 

. Renewals of maintenance contracts create new performance obligations that are satisfied over the new term with the revenues recognized ratably over the period. 
 
 Revenues from professional services consist mostly of time and material services. The performance obligations are satisfied, and revenues are recognized, when the services are provided or once the service term has expired. 
 
 The Company enters into contracts that can include combinations of products and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. The license is distinct upon delivery as the customer can derive the economic benefit of the software without any professional services, updates or technical support. The Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price out of the total consideration of the contract. For maintenance, the Company determines the standalone selling prices based on the price at which it separately sells a renewal contract. For professional services, the Company determines the standalone selling prices based on the price at which it separately sells those services. For software licenses, the Company uses the residual approach to determine the standalone selling prices due to the lack of history of selling software license on a standalone basis and the highly variable sales price. 
 
 68 

for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company does not grant a right of return to its customers, except for one of its resellers. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were returns from this reseller. 
 
 For information regarding disaggregated revenues, refer to Note 13. 
 
 i. Contract Costs: 
 
 . Sales commissions for renewal contracts are capitalized and then amortized on a straight-line basis. Amortization expenses related to these costs are included in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

The stock-based compensation expenses related to employees and consultants for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to , and , respectively. 
 
 69 

70 

) Foreign exchange forward contract derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships included in long-term other liabilities ) Foreign exchange forward contract derivatives for monetary items included in accrued expenses and other short-term liabilities ) ) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the consolidated statements of operations reflect a loss of and gains of and , respectively, related to the effective portion of the cash flow hedges. No material ineffective hedges were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 in operating expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the consolidated statements of operations reflect a gain of and and a loss of , respectively, in financial income (expenses), net, related to the Fair Value Hedging Program. 

of each participant s contributions up to a maximum of of the participant s total pay and of each participant s contributions on contributions between and of the participant s total pay. Each participant may contribute up to of total remuneration up to the Internal Revenue Service s annual contribution limit. Contributions to the U.S. Plan are recorded during the year contributed as an expense in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Varonis Systems Ltd ("VSL") makes available to its employees, pursuant to Israel s Severance Pay Law, severance pay equal to one month s salary for each year of employment, or a portion thereof. The employees of the Israeli subsidiary elected to be included under section 14 of the Severance Pay Law, 1963 section 14 ). According to this section, these 
 71 

of their monthly salary, made in their name with insurance companies. Payments in accordance with section 14 release the Company from any future severance payments (under the above Israeli Severance Pay Law) in respect of those employees; therefore, related assets and liabilities are not presented in the balance sheet. 
 
 The Company s liability for severance pay for the employees of its French subsidiary is calculated pursuant to French law, according to which French employees are entitled to an indemnity (a statutory redundancy). The law provides for the payment of severance payment to any employee working for the French subsidiary for at least a year. 
 
 Total expenses related to retirement and severance pay amounted to , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The amount of severance payable included in other liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and , respectively. 

Convertible Senior Notes issued by the Company on May 11, 2020 and due August 2025 in an aggregate principal amount of (the "2025 Notes"), to the extent dilutive. 
 
 Basic and diluted net loss per share was the same for each period presented as the inclusion of all potential shares of common stock outstanding would have been anti-dilutive. There were , and potentially dilutive shares from the conversion of outstanding stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units that were not included in the calculation of diluted net loss per share for the years ending of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally, shares underlying the conversion option of the 2025 Notes are not considered in the calculation of diluted net loss per share as the effect would be anti-dilutive for the years ending of December 31, 
 72 

secured revolving credit facility of (the "Credit Facility"). The Credit Facility maturity date is the earlier of August 21, 2023 or 90 days prior to the scheduled maturity of any convertible debt securities. The fees incurred in connection with entering into the Credit and Security Agreement are amortized on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the arrangement. Ongoing fees and interest paid on the used and unused portions of the Credit Facility are expensed as incurred and included within financial income (expenses), net on the consolidated statement of operations. The Credit Facility is secured and the Credit and Security Agreement contains customary covenants and customary events of default provisions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had balance outstanding on the Credit Facility and was in compliance with all financial covenants and non-financial covenants. 

NOTE 3:- 
 
 Prepaid expenses Foreign currency forward contracts derivatives Government institutions other receivables Short-term deposits other Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 73 

NOTE 4:- 
 Office furniture and equipment Leasehold improvements Accumulated depreciation Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense of property and equipment, net for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. 

NOTE 5:- 
 
 Government authorities and other Accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities, current Foreign exchange forward contract derivatives Accrued expenses and other short-term liabilities 

NOTE 6:- 

Operating lease liabilities, current ) Operating lease liabilities, long-term ) Total operating lease liabilities ) 
 
 Operating lease liabilities, current are included within accrued expenses and other short-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Some leases include one or more options to renew. The exercise of lease renewal options is typically at the Company's sole discretion; therefore, the majority of renewals to extend the lease terms are not included in our right-of-use assets and lease liabilities as they are not reasonably certain of exercise. The Company regularly evaluates the renewal options, and, when it is reasonably certain of exercise, it will include the renewal period in its lease term. New lease modifications result in remeasurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability. 
 74 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 
 Total operating lease cost for the year ended December 31, 2022 was , net of sublease income of . Total operating lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were and , respectively. 

N OTE 7:- 
 
 aggregate principal amount. The net proceeds to the Company after the initial purchaser discount and issuance costs were approximately . The Company used of the net proceeds from the offering to pay the cost of the capped call transactions described below. 
 
 The 2025 Notes will mature on August 15, 2025, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. Interest will be payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, at a rate of per year. 
 
 The initial conversion rate for the 2025 Notes is 32.5668 shares of the Company s common stock for each 1,000 principal amount of the 2025 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in specified events. The 2025 Notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, at the option of a holder, prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding February 15, 2025, under certain conditions. In addition, on or after February 15, 2025, a holder may convert all or any portion of its 2025 Notes at any time. 
 75 

for the 2025 Notes and were recorded in additional paid-in capital. In addition, the Company allocated transaction costs related to the issuance of the 2025 Notes to the liability and equity components using the same proportions as the initial carrying value of the Notes. Transaction costs attributable to the liability component were approximately and were being amortized to interest expense at an effective interest method rate of . Transaction costs attributable to the equity component were approximately and were netted with the equity component of the 2025 Notes in additional paid-in capital. 
 
 Following the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022, which the Company elected to adopt using a modified retrospective approach, the Company no longer separates the 2025 Notes into liability and equity components. The cumulative effect of the accounting change as of January 1, 2022 was a decrease to accumulated deficit of , a decrease in additional paid-in capital of and an increase in liabilities of on its consolidated balance sheets. Comparative prior year periods were not adjusted. In connection with the adoption, the Company calculated an effective interest rate of . 
 
 Unamortized issuance costs ) Net carrying amount 
 
 Amortization of debt discount Amortization of debt issuance costs Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total estimated fair value of the 2025 Notes was approximately . The fair value was determined based on the closing trading price per 100 of the 2025 Notes as of the last day of trading for the period. The fair value of the 2025 Notes is primarily affected by the trading price of our common stock and market interest rates. The fair value of the 2025 Notes is considered a Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy and was determined based on inputs that are observable in the market or that could be derived from, or corroborated with, observable market data, quoted price of the 2025 Notes in an over-the-counter market. 
 
 Capped Call Transactions 
 
 In May 2020, in connection with the pricing of the 2025 Notes, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the Capped Call Transactions ). The Capped Call Transactions are generally expected to reduce the potential dilution to the Company s common stock upon any conversion of the 2025 Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2025 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap initially equal to (the "Cap Price"). 
 
 76 

and was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital in 2020. 

N OTE 8:- 
 
 Total intangible assets Less: Accumulated amortization Total intangible assets, net 
 
 Intangible assets are expensed on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the asset. The Company recorded amortization expense of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that no impairment for intangibles was required. 
 
 2024 Total future amortization expense 
 
 77 

N OTE 9:- 
 
 Marketable securities: US Treasury securities Agencies Commercial paper Corporate bonds Prepaid expenses and other current assets: Forward foreign exchange contracts Financial liabilities: Accrued expenses and other short-term liabilities: Forward foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) ) Long-term other liabilities: Forward foreign exchange contracts ) ) Total financial assets (liabilities) 
 
 See Note 7 Convertible Senior Notes and Capped Call Transactions for the carrying amount and estimated fair value of the Company's 2025 Notes as of December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 10:- 

b. Common stock rights: 
 
 The Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the Company to issue shares of common stock, par value per share. 
 78 

vote), to elect board members and to participate in any distribution of dividends or any other distribution of the Company s property, including the distribution of surplus assets upon liquidation. 
 
 On February 8, 2021, the Company announced a -for-one split of its common stock to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 12, 2021. Trading of the Company s common stock began on a split-adjusted basis on March 15, 2021. 
 
 c. Stock option plans: 
 
 On December 30, 2005, the Company s board of directors adopted the Varonis Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Plan (the 2005 Plan ). As of December 31, 2013, the Company had reserved shares of common stock available for issuance to employees, directors, officers and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries. The awards generally vest over . awards were granted under the 2005 Plan subsequent to December 31, 2013, and further awards will be granted under the 2005 Plan. 
 
 On November 14, 2013, the Company s board of directors adopted the Varonis Systems, Inc. 2013 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the 2013 Plan which was subsequently approved by the Company s stockholders. The Company initially reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the 2013 Plan to employees, directors, officers and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries. The number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2013 Plan was increased on January 1, 2016 and has been, and will be, increased on each January 1 thereafter by four percent of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on each December 31 immediately prior to the date of increase (rounded down to the nearest whole share), but the amount of each increase will be limited to the number of shares of common stock necessary to bring the total number of shares of Common Stock available for grant and issuance under the 2013 Plan to five percent of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on each December 31. Since January 1, 2016, the share reserve under the 2013 Plan has been automatically increased by an aggregate of shares. Awards granted under the 2013 Plan generally vest over . Any award that is forfeited or canceled before expiration becomes available for future grants under the 2013 Plan. 
 
 On October 22, 2020, and as part of the acquisition, the Company s board of directors approved the assumption of a certain portion of Polyrize Options pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Polyrize 2019 Share Incentive Polyrize Plan ). 
 
 2.747 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Options outstanding at the end of the period 1.901 Options exercisable at the end of the period 1.849 
 
 There were options granted in 2022 pursuant to our 2005 Stock Plan, 2013 Plan or Polyrize Plan (collectively "Stock Plans"). 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total intrinsic value that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on the last date of the period. Total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and , respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to 
 79 

3.569 3.343 1.433 1.433 2.142 2.142 1.108 1.108 1.901 1.849 
 d. Options issued to consultants: 

There were options granted in 2022 pursuant to our Stock Plans. 
 
 e. Restricted stock units ("RSUs") and performance stock units ("PSUs"): 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and , respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to employees and non-employees unvested restricted stock units and performance stock units which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.309 and 2.078 years, respectively. 
 
 The Company grants performance stock units to certain employees under the 2013 Plan. The number of performance stock units earned and eligible to vest are generally determined after a one -year performance period, based on achievement of certain Company financial performance measures and the recipient s continued service. The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense for the performance stock units on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award when it is probable that the performance conditions will be achieved. Compensation expense for performance stock units with financial performance measures is measured using the fair value at the date of grant and recorded over each vesting period, and may be adjusted over the vesting period based on interim estimates of performance against the pre-set objectives. 
 
 80 

of their eligible compensation, at not less than of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the first day or last trading day in the offering period, subject to any plan limitations. The Company initially reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the ESPP. The number of shares available for issuance under the ESPP was increased on January 1, 2016 and has been, and will be, increased each January 1 thereafter, by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) one percent of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on each December 31 immediately prior to the date of increase, except that the amount of each such increase will be limited to the number of shares of common stock necessary to bring the total number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP to two percent of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on each such December 31, or (ii) shares of common stock. Since January 1, 2016, the share reserve under the ESPP has been automatically increased by an aggregate of shares. The ESPP will continue in effect until the earlier of (i) the date when no shares of common stock are available for issuance thereunder or (ii) June 30, 2025; unless terminated prior thereto by the Company s board of directors or compensation committee, each of which has the right to terminate the ESPP at any time. 
 
 g. Stock-based compensation expense for employees and consultants: 
 
 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total 
 
 h. Follow-on offering: 
 
 On February 16, 2021, the Company completed a registered public offering of shares of the Company's common stock, which included additional optional shares, at a price of per share, before underwriting discounts and commissions. The common stock offering generated net proceeds to the Company of approximately , after deducting in underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs, which have been recorded against the proceeds received from the offering. 
 
 i. Share Repurchase Program: 
 
 In October 2022, the Company's board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to of the Company s common stock (the Share Repurchase Program ). Under the Share Repurchase Program, the Company is authorized to repurchase shares through open market purchases, privately-negotiated transactions or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans and under Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The Share Repurchase Program will expire on October 31, 2023. The number of shares to be purchased and the timing of purchases will be based on the Company's trading windows, available liquidity, and general business and market conditions. 
 
 During 2022, the Company repurchased and subsequently retired shares under its Share Repurchase Program, for a total of . At December 31, 2022, the Company had of capacity remaining under its Share Repurchase Program. 
 81 

NOTE 11:- 
 
 , all of which can be carried forward indefinitely but can only be used to offset 80 of taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had NOL carry-forwards for state and foreign income tax purposes of approximately and , respectively. State NOL carry-forwards of expire starting 2023 and the remainder do not expire. Foreign NOL carry-forwards do not expire. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal retention credit carryforwards of approximately . If not utilized, the federal tax carryforwards will begin to expire in 2032. 
 
 A U.S. corporation's ability to utilize its federal and state NOL and tax credit carryforwards to offset its taxable income is limited under Section 382 of the Code if the corporation undergoes an ownership change (within the meaning of Code Section 382). In general, an ownership change occurs whenever the percentage of the stock of a corporation owned by 5-percent shareholders (within the meaning of Code Section 382) increases by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of the stock of such corporation owned by such 5-percent shareholders at any time over the testing period. 
 
 82 

) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 ) State Foreign Total current income tax Deferred: Domestic: Federal State Foreign ) Total deferred income tax ) Income tax expense 
 e. Deferred income taxes: 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The Company s deferred tax assets are derived from its U.S. NOL carry-forwards and other temporary differences. 
 
 ASC 740 requires an assessment of both positive and negative evidence concerning the realizability of our deferred tax assets in each jurisdiction. After considering evidence such as current and cumulative financial reporting incomes, the expected sources of future taxable income and tax planning strategies, the Company s management concluded that a valuation allowance is required in the Unites States and some foreign jurisdictions. However, other foreign jurisdictions recorded a net deferred tax liability of as of December 31, 2022. Future changes in these factors, including the Company s anticipated results, could have a significant impact on the realization of the deferred tax assets which would result in an increase or decrease to the valuation allowance and a corresponding charge to income tax expense. The Company reevaluates the judgements surrounding its estimates and makes adjustments as appropriate each reporting period. 
 
 83 

Deferred revenues Accrued payroll, commissions, vacation Equity compensation Allowance for credit losses Accrued severance pay Operating lease liability Section 174 capitalized costs Other Deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liability: Operating lease right-of-use asset ) ) Convertible senior notes, net ) Other ) Deferred tax liability ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) ) 
 
 The change in the valuation allowance was approximately an increase of and during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 f. Reconciliation of the theoretical tax expenses: 
 84 

) ) Statutory tax rate Theoretical tax benefits on the above amount at the US statutory tax rate 
 ) ) ) Income tax at rate other than the U.S. statutory tax rate ) Tax advances and non-deductible expenses including equity based compensation expenses 
 ) Operating losses and other temporary differences for which valuation allowance was provided 
 State tax ) ) ) Impact of rate change ) ) Change in tax reserve for uncertain tax positions Other individually immaterial income tax items ) ) Actual tax expense 
 
 Increase in tax position for current year Increase in tax position for prior years Decrease in tax position for prior years ) Decrease for lapse of statute of limitations/settlements ) Gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2021 
 Increase in tax position for current year Increase in tax position for prior years Decrease in tax position for prior years ) Gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 

There was of unrecognized income tax benefits that, if recognized, approximately would impact the effective tax rate in the period in which each of the benefits is recognized. The Company includes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes on the consolidated statements of operations. The total amount of interest and penalties is approximately as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 h. Foreign taxation: 
 85 

- (depending on the level of foreign investments in VSL) in respect of the amount distributed. 
 
 2. Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries: 
 
 In general, it is the Company s practice and intention to reinvest the earnings of its non-U.S. subsidiaries in those operations. Undistributed earnings, if any, of foreign subsidiaries are immaterial for all periods presented. Because the Company s non-U.S. subsidiary earnings have previously been included in the computation of the one-time Transition Tax on foreign earnings required by the TCJA and throughout the years have been included in the GILTI computations, any additional taxes due with respect to such earnings or the excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis of its foreign investments would generally be limited to foreign withholding taxes and/or U.S. state income taxes. 
 i. Tax assessments: 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company's federal tax returns for the years 2010 through the current period, excluding the 2016 tax year which was audited by the Internal Revenue Service, and most state tax returns for the years 2009 through the current period, are still open to examination. The Company remains open to examination to the extent net carry-over unused operating losses and tax credit attributable to those years remain unutilized. The Company is currently under certain state tax audits. 
 
 During 2021, the Israeli Tax Authority initiated a withholding tax audit on VSL for the years 2016-2019. During 2022, the Company and the Israeli Tax Authority settled an income tax audit on VSL for the tax years 2016-2019. 
 
 The Company has final income tax assessments for VSL through 2019, Varonis (UK) Limited through 2017 and Varonis France SAS through 2018. 
 
 All other foreign subsidiaries do not have final tax assessments since their respective inceptions. 
 
 86 

NOTE 12:- 
 Foreign exchange gains, net Financial expenses: Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Interest expenses, principally from convertible note Foreign exchange losses, net Bank and other charges ) ) ) Financial income (expenses), net ) ) 

NOTE 13:- 
 reportable segment and unit and derives revenues mainly from subscription licensing, SaaS revenues and maintenance and services fees (see Note 1 above for a brief description of the Company s business). 
 EMEA ) Rest of the World Total revenues 
 
 ) Sales to customers in France did not exceed 10 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. Sales to customers in France accounted for and of the Company s revenues for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, there were no sales to a single customer exceeding 10 of the Company s revenues. 

87 

Israel Ireland Other 
 
 88 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 There have been no changes in our independent registered public accounting firm, Kost Forer Gabbay Kasierer, a member of Ernst Young Global, or disagreements with our accountants on matters of accounting and financial disclosure. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were effective at a reasonable assurance level in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. We believe that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Based on the results of its evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Kost Forer Gabbay Kasierer, a member of Ernst Young Global and an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 We regularly seek to identify, develop and implement improvements to our technology systems and business processes, some of which may affect our internal control over financial reporting. These changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems, updating existing systems or platforms, automating manual processes or utilizing technology developed by third parties. These system changes are often phased in over multiple periods in order to limit the implementation risk in any one period, and as each change is implemented we monitor its effectiveness as part of its internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 
 
 On February 2, 2023, the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company approved, upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee ), the Varonis Systems Severance Plan (the Severance Plan ), pursuant to which certain senior management employees, including the Company s named executive officers (the Eligible Participants may be eligible for certain payments and benefits. The Severance Plan was adopted following a review of the severance provisions applicable to members of the Company s senior management team and in consultation with the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant, so as to standardize severance payments and benefits for 
 89 

Eligible Participants while generally preserving existing contractual severance and equity acceleration provisions applicable to them. 
 
 Pursuant to the Severance Plan, in the event that an Eligible Participant s employment is terminated by the Company without cause other than due to death or disability or an Eligible Participant resigns for good reason in each case, not in connection with a change in control (all as defined in the Severance Plan) and subject to the effectiveness of a separation agreement including a general release of claims in favor of the Company and related persons and entities, the Eligible Participant is entitled to the following: (i) cash severance equal to a percentage of his/her base salary (ranging from 50 to 150 ), payable in substantially equal installments over a period ranging from six to 18 months; (ii) payment of any earned but unpaid bonus in respect of the year prior to the year of termination, at the time such bonuses would otherwise be paid; and (iii) accelerated vesting of a portion of each equity award held by him/her, prorated based on the number of days he/she was employed by the Company since the last vesting date (with any performance-vesting awards to be deemed vested at the greater of target and actual level of performance determined at the time of such termination). 
 
 Additionally, pursuant to the Severance Plan, in the event that an Eligible Participant s employment is terminated by the Company without cause within six months prior to and 24 months following a change in control, other than due to death or disability, or an Eligible Participant resigns for good reason in each case (all as defined in the Severance Plan) and subject to the effectiveness of a separation agreement including a general release of claims in favor of the Company and related persons and entities, the Eligible Participant is entitled to the following: (i) cash severance equal to the sum of (a) a percentage of his/her base salary (ranging from 100 to 250 and (b) a percentage of his/her target bonus (ranging from 100 to 250 ), in each case, payable in a lump sum within 60 days following his/her termination; (ii) payment of any earned but unpaid bonus in respect of the year prior to the year of termination at the time such bonuses would otherwise be paid; and (iii) accelerated vesting of all equity awards held by him/her (with any performance-vesting awards to be deemed vested at the greater of target and actual level of performance determined at the time of such termination). 
 
 The foregoing description of the Severance Plan does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text thereof, a copy of which is filed with this Annual Report as Exhibit 10.9 and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 90 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this item (other than the information set forth in the next paragraph in this Item 10) will be included in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that is applicable to all of our employees, officers and directors, including our chief executive and senior financial officers. The code of business conduct and ethics is available on our website at www.varonis.com. We expect that any amendment to the code, or any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed on our website. The inclusion of our website in this Form 10-K does not include or incorporate by reference the information on our website into this Form 10-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information called for by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information called for by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information called for by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information called for by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 

91 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) Financial Statements 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 (b) Exhibits 
 
 The exhibits listed below in the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

92 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. February 7, 2023 By: /s/ Yakov Faitelson Yakov Faitelson Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) February 7, 2023 By: /s/ Guy Melamed Guy Melamed Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Yakov Faitelson and Guy Melamed, jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Yakov Faitelson Chief Executive Officer, President February 7, 2023 Yakov Faitelson and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Guy Melamed Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer February 7, 2023 Guy Melamed (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Carlos Aued Director February 7, 2023 Carlos Aued /s/ Kevin Comolli Director February 7, 2023 Kevin Comolli /s/ John J. Gavin, Jr. Director February 7, 2023 John J. Gavin, Jr. /s/ Gili Iohan Director February 7, 2023 Gili Iohan /s/ Avrohom J. Kess Director February 7, 2023 Avrohom J. Kess /s/ Ohad Korkus Director February 7, 2023 Ohad Korkus /s/ Thomas F. Mendoza Director February 7, 2023 Thomas F. Mendoza /s/ Rachel Prishkolnik Director February 7, 2023 Rachel Prishkolnik /s/ Ofer Segev Director February 7, 2023 Ofer Segev /s/ Fred Van Den Bosch Director February 7, 2023 Fred Van Den Bosch 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description of the Document 3.1(1) Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 3.2(2) Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 4.1 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 4.2(3) Indenture, dated as of May 11, 2020, by and between Varonis Systems, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (including Form of Note, representing Varonis Systems, Inc. s 1.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025) 
 10.1(4) Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its directors and officers 
 10.2(5) 2005 Stock Plan, as amended May 7, 2013 
 10.3(6) 2013 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan 
 10.4(7) Forms of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2013 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan 
 10.5(8) Forms of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2013 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan 
 10.6(9) 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 10.7(10) Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Yakov Faitelson, dated as of February 10, 2014 
 10.8(11) Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2018, by and between the Company and Yakov Faitelson 
 10.9 Varonis Systems Severance Plan 
 10.10(12) Employment Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2017, by and between the Company and Guy Melamed 
 10.11(13) Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2018, by and between the Company and Guy Melamed 
 10.12(14) Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2018, by and between the Company and Guy Melamed 
 10.13(15) Employment Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2014, by and between the Company and James O Boyle 
 10.14(16) Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2018, by and between the Company and James O Boyle 
 10.15(17) Employment Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2018, by and between Varonis Systems Ltd. and David Bass 

10.16 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2021, by and between the Company and Dov Gottlieb 
 10.17(18) Form of Confirmation for Capped Call Transactions 
 10.18(19) Forms of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2013 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (Israeli Employees) 
 10.19(20) Forms of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2013 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (Israeli Employees) 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Kost Forer Gabbay Kasierer, a member of Ernst Young Global 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company in accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company in accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) related notes to these consolidated financial statements, tagged as blocks of text and in detail 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

____________________________________ Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Document has been furnished, is not deemed filed and is not to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company s filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in any such filing. (1) Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2014 (the Company s First Quarter 2014 Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. (2) Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (3) Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (4) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-191840) (the "IPO Registration Statement") with the SEC on February 18, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. (5) Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the IPO Registration Statement with the SEC on October 22, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. (6) Filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-194657) with the SEC on March 18, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. (7) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 6, 2014 (the Company s Third Quarter 2014 Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. (8) Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 26, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. (9) Filed as Exhibit A of the Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A with the SEC on March 26, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. (10) Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the IPO Registration Statement with the SEC on February 18, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. (11) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. (12) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 13, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. (13) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. (14) Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. (15) Filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the IPO Registration Statement with the SEC on February 18, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. (16) Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. (17) Filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2019 (the Company s 2018 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. (18) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the company s Current Report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on May 11, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. (19) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. (20) Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 vrnsq4202241.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following is a description of the common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of Varonis Systems, Inc. (the Company, we or us registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This description is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, copies of which are filed as Exhibit 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report ). We refer in this exhibit to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation as our certificate of incorporation, and we refer to our amended and restated bylaws as our bylaws. 
 General 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 200 million shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, all of which shares of preferred stock are undesignated. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 107,673,052 shares of our common stock were outstanding, and no shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Rights . The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of our common stock do not have any cumulative voting rights. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. All other matters, unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Company, the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws (as disclosed herein), shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock entitled to vote thereon, regardless of whether such holders actually vote their shares on such matter or abstain from doing so. 
 Dividend Rights and Liquidation Rights . Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to any preferential dividend rights of any outstanding preferred stock. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all debts and other liabilities and any liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 Other Rights and Preferences . Our common stock has no preemptive rights, conversion rights or other subscription rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions. The outstanding shares are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The rights and privileges of holders of our common stock are subject to any series of preferred stock that we may issue, as described below. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our board of directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without stockholder approval, to issue from time to time up to an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, in one or more series, each series to have such rights and preferences, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences as our board of directors 

determines. The rights of the holders of common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. As of the date of the filing of the Annual Report, we had no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and Delaware Law 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing another party from acquiring control of us and encouraging persons considering unsolicited tender offers or other unilateral takeover proposals to negotiate with our board of directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. These provisions include the items described below. 
 Board Composition and Filling Vacancies . Our certificate of incorporation provides for the division of our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, with one class being elected each year. Our certificate of incorporation also provides that directors may be removed only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of the holders of 75 or more of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Furthermore, any vacancy on our board of directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of our board, may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors then in office even if less than a quorum, unless otherwise determined by our board to be filled by stockholders. The classification of directors, together with the limitations on removal of directors and treatment of vacancies, has the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our board of directors. 
 No Written Consent of Stockholders . Our certificate of incorporation provides that all stockholder actions are required to be taken by a vote of the stockholders at an annual or special meeting, and that stockholders may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting. This limit may lengthen the amount of time required to take stockholder actions and would prevent the amendment of our bylaws or removal of directors by our stockholders without holding a meeting of stockholders. 
 Meetings of Stockholders . Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that only the chairperson of our board, the lead independent director, if any, the chief executive offer, the president or a majority of the total authorized number of directors may call special meetings of stockholders and only those matters set forth in the notice of the special meeting may be considered or acted upon at a special meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws limit the business that may be conducted at an annual meeting of stockholders to those matters properly brought before the meeting. 
 Advance Notice Requirements . Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with regard to stockholder proposals relating to the nomination of candidates for election as directors or new business to be brought before meetings of our stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of stockholder proposals must be timely given in writing to our corporate secretary prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 75 days nor more than 105 days prior to the first anniversary date of the annual meeting for the preceding year. Our bylaws specify the requirements as to form and content of all stockholders notices. These requirements may preclude stockholders from bringing matters before the stockholders at an annual or special meeting. 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws . Any amendment of our certificate of incorporation must first be approved by a majority of our board of directors, and if required by law or our certificate of incorporation, must thereafter be approved by a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to 
 2 

vote on the amendment and, if applicable, by a majority of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class, except that the amendment of the provisions relating to stockholder action, the requirements for the amendment of our bylaws, board composition (including size, classification, term, removal and vacancies), director liability and indemnification and the requirements for the amendment of our certificate of incorporation must be approved by not less than 75 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment voting together as a single class. 
 Our bylaws may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, subject to any limitations set forth in the bylaws and may also be amended by the affirmative vote of at least 75 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, or, if our board of directors recommends that the stockholders approve the amendment, by the affirmative vote of the majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, in each case voting together as a single class. 
 Undesignated Preferred Stock . Our certificate of incorporation provides for 5,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock may enable our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. For example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, our board of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best interests of our stockholders, our board of directors could cause shares of preferred stock to be issued without stockholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder or stockholder group. In this regard, our certificate of incorporation grants our board of directors broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance may also adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of these holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of us. 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law . We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder (any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock) for a three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination satisfies one of the following conditions 
 
 before the stockholder became interested, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans, in some instances, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder or 
 at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by our board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 Section 203 defines a business combination to include 
 3 

any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder 
 any sale, transfer, lease, pledge or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation 
 subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance of transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder 
 subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder and 
 the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 
 
 Market Listing 
 
 Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol VRNS. 
 4 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 vrnsq42022109.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 

VARONIS SYSTEMS 
 SEVERANCE PLAN 
 Effective February 2, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE One FOREWORD 
 3 
 1.01 Purpose of the Plan 
 3 
 1.02 Plan Status 
 3 
 ARTICLE Two DEFINITIONS 
 3 
 2.01 Accounting Firm 
 3 
 2.02 Accrued Obligations 
 3 
 2.03 Administrator 
 3 
 2.04 Annual Incentive Plan 
 3 
 2.05 Base Salary 
 3 
 2.06 Beneficial Owner 
 3 
 2.07 Board 
 3 
 2.08 Cause 
 3 
 2.09 Change in Control 
 4 
 2.10 Chief Executive Officer 
 5 
 2.11 Chief Human Resources Officer 
 5 
 2.12 CIC Period 
 5 
 2.13 CIC Qualifying Termination 
 5 
 2.14 CIC Tier Level Multiplier 
 5 
 2.15 Code 
 5 
 2.16 Committee 
 5 
 2.17 Corporation 
 5 
 2.18 Disability 
 5 
 2.19 Effective Date 
 5 
 2.20 Employer 
 5 
 2.21 ERISA 
 5 
 2.22 Exchange Act 
 6 
 2.23 Excise Tax 
 6 
 2.24 Good Reason 
 6 
 2.25 Non-CIC Qualifying Termination 
 6 
 2.26 Non-CIC Severance Period 
 6 
 2.27 Non-CIC Tier Level Multiplier 
 6 
 2.28 Notification Letter 
 6 
 2.29 Participant 
 6 
 2.30 Payment 
 7 
 2.31 Person 
 7 
 2.32 Plan 
 7 
 2.33 Release 
 7 
 2.34 Release Consideration Period 
 7 
 2.35 Release Revocation Period 
 7 

1 

2.36 Restrictive Covenant Agreement 
 7 
 2.37 Restrictive Covenants 
 7 
 2.38 Section 409A 
 7 
 2.39 Separation from Service 
 7 
 2.40 Severance Benefits 
 7 
 2.41 Subsidiary 
 7 
 2.42 Target Bonus 
 7 
 2.43 Tier 1 
 7 
 2.44 Tier 2 
 7 
 2.45 Tier 3 
 8 
 2.46 Tier Level Multiplier 
 8 
 ARTICLE Three ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 
 8 
 3.01 Eligibility 
 8 
 3.02 Exclusive Benefits 
 8 
 3.03 End of Participation 
 8 
 ARTICLE Four SEVERANCE BENEFITS 
 8 
 4.01 Release Requirement 
 8 
 4.02 CIC Qualifying Termination 
 9 
 4.03 Non-CIC Qualifying Termination 
 9 
 4.04 Other Terminations of Employment 
 10 
 4.05 Coordination with Other Severance Benefits 
 10 
 4.06 Section 409A 
 10 
 4.07 Enforcement Costs 
 12 
 4.08 Code Section 280G 
 12 
 4.09 Recoupment or Recovery of Severance Benefits 
 13 
 ARTICLE Five AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 13 
 ARTICLE Six MISCELLANEOUS 
 13 
 6.01 Participant Rights 
 13 
 6.02 Administrator Authority 
 14 
 6.03 Claims and Appeals Procedure. 
 14 
 6.04 Reliance on Tables and Reports 
 15 
 6.05 Expenses 
 16 
 6.06 Dispute Resolution 
 16 
 6.07 Successors 
 16 
 6.08 Construction 
 16 
 6.09 References to Other Plans and Programs 
 16 
 6.10 Notices 
 17 
 6.11 Service of Legal Process 
 17 
 6.12 Plan Year 
 17 
 6.13 No Duty to Mitigate 
 17 
 6.14 Withholding of Taxes 
 17 
 6.15 Governing Law 
 17 
 6.16 Validity Severability 
 17 

2 

6.17 Miscellaneous 
 17 
 6.18 Source of Payments 
 17 
 6.19 Survival of Provisions 
 17 
 
 Exhibit A Separation and Release Agreement 
 Exhibit B Severance Plan Restrictive Covenants 
 ARTICLE 1 FOREWORD 
 1.01 Purpose of the Plan . The Corporation considers it essential and in the best interests of its shareholders to provide appropriate protection that facilitates executives acting in the interest of shareholders. Accordingly, pursuant to the terms of this Plan, effective as of the Effective Date, the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, will provide the payments and benefits to Participants in the event of certain terminations of employment in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. The meaning of capitalized terms used throughout the Plan is determined under Article Two, except as they are otherwise defined in the Plan. Severance Benefits are subject to clawback to the extent provided in Section 4.09, and no provision of this Plan shall exempt any Severance Benefits from clawback . 
 1.02 Plan Status . The Plan is intended to be a top hat plan for a select group of management or highly compensated executives for purposes of ERISA, so that it is subject only to the administration and enforcement provisions of ERISA, unless the Corporation determines an exemption from ERISA applies. 
 ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 
 Where the following words and phrases appear in this Plan with initial capital letters, they shall have the meaning set forth below, unless a different meaning is plainly required by the context. 
 1.01 Accounting Firm means a nationally recognized accounting firm, or actuarial, benefits or compensation consulting firm, in each case with experience in performing calculations regarding the applicability of Code Section 280G and of the tax imposed by Code Section 4999, as designated by the Corporation prior to a Change in Control. 
 1.02 Accrued Obligations means a lump sum payment of accrued and unpaid Base Salary, unused vacation or paid time off, and other accrued benefits or payments, including any statutory severance entitlements, through the date of termination, paid on the same basis as paid upon any voluntary termination of employment. 
 1.03 Administrator means the Committee. The Committee may delegate its duties and authority as Administrator to an executive officer of the Corporation. 
 1.04 Annual Incentive Plan means, with respect to a Participant, the Corporation s or its Subsidiaries' annual cash incentive plan or individual cash bonus or commission arrangement in which the Participant participates at the time of the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 1.05 Base Salary means, with respect to a Participant, the Participant s annual base salary in effect on the date of the Participant s termination of employment. 
 1.06 Beneficial Owner (or any variant thereof) has the meaning defined in Rule 13d-2 under the Exchange Act. 
 1.07 Board means the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
 
 3 

1.08 Cause means the following with respect to a Participant 
 (a) an act of dishonesty made by Participant in connection with Participant s responsibilities as an employee which is materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries 
 (b) Participant s conviction of or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or any crime involving fraud, embezzlement or any other act of moral turpitude 
 (c) Participant s gross misconduct 
 (d) Participant s willful unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries 
 (e) Participant s willful and material violation of any written policies of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries (to the extent applicable) 
 (f) Participant s material breach of any obligations under any material written agreement or covenant with the Employer or 
 (g) Participant s continued failure to perform his or her employment duties after Participant has received a written demand for performance from the Employer which specifically sets forth the factual basis for the Employer s belief that Participant has not substantially performed his or her duties. 
 1.09 Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events 
 (a) any Person (other than the Corporation, any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Corporation, or any company owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Corporation in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of common stock of the Corporation) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such Person or any securities acquired directly from the Corporation or any affiliate thereof) representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Corporation s then outstanding securities or 
 (b) the following individuals cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the number of directors then serving on the Board individuals who, on the date hereof, constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest, including, but not limited to, a consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors of the Corporation) whose appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by the Corporation s stockholders was approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds (2 3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors on the date hereof or whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended or 
 (c) there is consummated a merger, amalgamation or consolidation of the Corporation or any Subsidiary thereof with any other corporation, other than a merger, amalgamation or consolidation immediately following which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the Board of the entity surviving such merger, amalgamation or consolidation or, if the Corporation or the entity surviving such merger is then a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof or 
 (d) the stockholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation or there is consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets, other than (A) a sale or disposition by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets to an entity, at least fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders of the Corporation following the completion of such transaction in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Corporation immediately prior to such sale or (B) a sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets immediately following which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of the entity to which such assets are sold or disposed or, if such entity is a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof. 
 
 4 

To the extent any payment or benefit hereunder would constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred under the Plan with respect to such payment or benefit only if a change in the ownership or effective control of the Corporation or a change in ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Corporation shall also be deemed to have occurred under Section 409A. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the holders of common stock of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation immediately following such transaction or series of transactions. 
 1.10 Chief Executive Officer means the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. 
 1.11 Chief Human Resources Officer means the most senior human resources executive. 
 1.12 CIC Period means the time period commencing six months prior to the effective date of a Change in Control and ending on the second anniversary of the effective date of the Change in Control. 
 1.13 CIC Qualifying Termination means, with respect to a Participant, the Participant s Separation from Service within the CIC Period (i) initiated by the Employer without Cause other than due to Disability or death, or (ii) initiated by the Participant for Good Reason. 
 1.14 CIC Tier Level Multiplier means the Tier Level Multiplier (i) for Participants in Tier 1, 2.5, (ii) for Participants in Tier 2, 2.0, and (iii) for Participants in Tier 3, 1.0. 
 1.15 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the proposed, temporary and final regulations promulgated thereunder. Reference to any section or subsection of the Code includes reference to any comparable or succeeding provisions of any legislation that amends, supplements or replaces such section or subsection. 
 1.16 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board or a subcommittee thereof formed by the Compensation Committee to act as the Committee hereunder. 
 1.17 Corporation means Varonis Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or its successor or assignee. 
 1.18 Disability means, as determined by the Board in good faith, Participant s inability, due to disability or incapacity, to perform all of Participant s duties hereunder on a fulltime basis for (i) periods aggregating 180 days, whether or not continuous, in any continuous period of 365 days or (ii) where Participant s absence is adversely affecting the performance of the Corporation in a significant manner, periods greater than 90 days and Participant is unable to resume Participant s duties on a full time basis within ten days after receipt of written notice of the Board s determination under this clause (ii). 
 1.19 Effective Date means the date on which this Plan is effective, February 2, 2023. 
 1.20 Employer means the Corporation and each Subsidiary. 
 1.21 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Reference to any section or subsection of ERISA includes reference to any comparable or succeeding provisions of any legislation that amends, supplements or replaces such section or subsection. 
 1.22 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Reference to any section or subsection of the Exchange Act includes reference to any comparable or succeeding provisions of any legislation that amends, supplements or replaces such section or subsection. 
 
 5 

1.23 Excise Tax shall mean, collectively (i) the tax imposed by Code Section 4999 by reason of being contingent on a change in ownership or control of the Corporation, within the meaning of Code Section 280G, (ii) any similar tax imposed by state or local law, and (iii) any interest or penalties with respect to any tax described in clause (i) or (ii). 
 1.24 Good Reason means the occurrence, without the express prior written consent of Participant, of any of the following circumstances, unless such circumstances are corrected by the applicable Employer within thirty (30) days following written notification by Participant (which written notice must be delivered within thirty (30) days following the date Participant becomes aware of the occurrence of such circumstances) that Participant intends to terminate Participant s employment for one of the reasons set forth below 
 (a) any material reduction in Participant s title, duties, authorities, or responsibilities 
 (b) any material breach by the applicable Employer of any agreement between the Employer and Participant 
 (c) any material reduction in the Base Salary (including, once Participant s Base Salary is increased, any material reduction in Participant s Base Salary below such increased amount) other than, in each case (and solely outside the CIC Period), an across-the-board reduction that applies to all employees or solely to senior executives of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries 
 (d) any relocation of Participant s principal place of employment to a location more than thirty (30) miles outside of the Employer s principal place of employment or 
 (e) solely in respect of Participants in Tier 1 or Tier 2, Employer s notification to the Participant of its intention to terminate this Plan or Participant s participation in this Plan. 
 1.25 Non-CIC Qualifying Termination means, with respect to a Participant, the Participant s Separation from Service (i) initiated by the Employer without Cause other than due to Disability or death, or (ii) initiated by the Participant for Good Reason, in each case not occurring within the CIC Period. 
 1.26 Non-CIC Severance Period means (i) for Participants in Tier 1, 18 months, (ii) for Participants in Tier 2, 12 months, and (iii) for Participants in Tier 3, 6 months. 
 1.27 Non-CIC Tier Level Multiplier means the Tier Level Multiplier (i) for Participants in Tier 1, 1.5, (ii) for Participants in Tier 2, 1.0, and (iii) for Participants in Tier 3, 0.5. 
 1.28 Notification Letter means a letter notifying an executive of his or her eligibility for participation in the Plan that meets the requirements of the following sentence. An offer-of-employment or promotion letter or other letter from the Employer shall constitute a Notification Letter if it requires the executive to sign and return the letter (i) to agree to the terms and conditions of the Plan (ii) to agree to the Restrictive Covenants and (iii) if there is any pre-existing right to severance benefits (or similar benefits) from the Employer, to waive all such benefits in favor of benefits under this Plan. 
 1.29 Participant means each individual who has become a Participant pursuant to Section 3.01, and who has not ceased to be a Participant under Section 3.03. 
 1.30 Payment means any payment or benefit in the nature of compensation (within the meaning of Code Section 280G(b)(2)) received or to be received by a Participant or for the benefit of a Participant, whether payable under the terms of this Plan or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with the Employer or an affiliate of the Employer. 
 1.31 Person means any person or group as those terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 1.32 Plan means this Varonis Systems Severance Plan, as set forth herein and as it may be amended from time to time, or any successor plan, program or arrangement thereto. 
 1.33 Release means an agreement in which the Participant releases claims in connection with a termination of the Participant s employment with the Employer and re-affirms the Participant s 
 
 6 

obligation to observe the terms of the Restrictive Covenants. The specific terms of the Release for a Participant shall be based upon the form of release used by the Employer at the time of the termination of employment, which shall be substantially similar to the form of Release attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 1.34 Release Consideration Period means the period of time specified by the Release, not to exceed forty-five (45) days, during which the affected Participant is permitted to consider whether or not to sign the Release. 
 1.35 Release Revocation Period means the period of time specified by the Release, not to exceed seven (7) days (or such longer period as may be required by applicable law), during which the Participant is permitted to revoke the signed Release. 
 1.36 Restrictive Covenant Agreement means the form of restrictive covenant agreement set forth in Exhibit B attached hereto. 
 Restrictive Covenants means, with respect to a Participant, the restrictive covenants within Restrictive Covenant Agreement and made a part of this Plan. 
 1.37 Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and the Department of Treasury and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder. 
 1.38 Separation from Service means separation from service from the applicable Employer as described under Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i). 
 1.39 Severance Benefits means the severance pay and the other benefits payable to a Participant pursuant to Article Four of the Plan. 
 1.40 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, as of any date of determination, any other Person as to which such first Person owns or otherwise controls, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the voting shares or other similar interests or a sole general partner interest or managing member or similar interest of such other Person. An entity shall be deemed a Subsidiary of the Corporation for purposes of this definition only for such periods as the requisite ownership or control relationship is maintained. 
 1.41 Target Bonus means, with respect to a Participant, the Participant s target annual cash incentive opportunity under the Annual Incentive Plan for the performance period containing the date of the Participant s CIC Qualifying Termination or Non-CIC Qualifying Termination. 
 1.42 Tier 1 means the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. 
 1.43 Tier 2 means any executive officer as defined in Section 240.3b-7 of the Exchange Act who is a Participant and any Participant designated as such by the Administrator in accordance with Section 3.01. 
 1.44 Tier 3 means any Participant designated as such by the Administrator in accordance with Section 3.01. 
 1.45 Tier Level Multiplier means the multiple of Base Salary and Target Bonus payable under Sections 4.02 or 4.03 that is established by the Committee for a Participant. Participants shall be placed in Tier 1, or Tier 2 or Tier 3 by the Committee. 
 ARTICLE 3 ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 
 1.01 Eligibility . The Committee may select senior executives of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries as Participants from time to time and designate whether the Participant is Tier 2 or Tier 3. The Chief Human Resources Officer or Chief Executive Officer will provide notice on behalf of the Administrator to each such executive of his or her selection for Plan participation by means of a Notification Letter in the manner provided by Sections 2.28 and 6.10. Each such executive will become a Participant on the date the executive signs and properly returns the Notification Letter and Restrictive Covenant Agreement, provided that as related to an executive who is an office holder (as such term is 
 
 7 

defined under the Israeli Companies Law (the Companies Law )) of the Israeli Subsidiary, such executive shall become a Participant subject to the approval of the Board of Directors of the Israeli Subsidiary, and, if required under the Companies Law, of the Israeli Subsidiary sole shareholder. Each Participant, as a condition of such Participant s participating in the Plan, agrees and that the Participant has agreed to be bound by and comply with the terms, conditions and restrictions contained in the Restrictive Covenant Agreement. 
 1.02 Exclusive Benefits . Any Severance Benefits payable to a Participant under this Plan will be paid solely in lieu of, and not in addition to, any severance benefits payable under any offer letter, severance arrangement or other program or agreement on account of the Participant s termination of employment with the Employer under the circumstances covered by this Plan, other than statutory severance. A Participant s acceptance of participation in this Plan pursuant to Section 3.01 above shall constitute a waiver by such Participant of all other rights to severance benefits (or any similar separation benefits) that the Participant may have or claim with respect to the Employer other than any statutory severance benefits. 
 1.03 End of Participation . An individual shall cease to be a Participant on the date on which the individual receives all payments and benefits to which the Participant is entitled hereunder, if any. Except as provided in this and the next sentence, the Committee may discontinue an individual s status as a Participant provided , however , that no such discontinuance shall become effective (i) during the one-year period following the date on which advance written notice of such discontinuance is provided to the affected Participant in the manner specified in Section 6.10, or (ii) during the CIC Period. In the event that an individual incurs a CIC Qualifying Termination or Non-CIC Qualifying Termination while still a Participant, such individual shall remain a Participant until all Severance Benefits required to be provided to the Participant under the terms of the Plan on account of such CIC Qualifying Termination or Non-CIC Qualifying Termination have been paid or provided, subject to the Participant s compliance with the Restrictive Covenants set forth in this Plan. 
 ARTICLE 4 SEVERANCE BENEFITS 
 1.01 Release Requirement . A Participant will be eligible for the Severance Benefits described in Sections 4.02 or 4.03 below, subject to the Release requirement specified in this Section 4.01. Within seven (7) days following the date of the Participant s Separation from Service, the applicable Employer shall provide the Participant with a Release. As a condition of receiving the Severance Benefits described in Sections 4.02 and 4.03, the Participant must execute and deliver the Release to the applicable Employer within the Release Consideration Period, the Release Revocation Period must expire without revocation of the Release by the Participant, and the Participant must be in compliance with the Restrictive Covenants. In the event the Participant breaches one or more of such Restrictive Covenants, the Participant will forfeit any such Severance Benefits that have not been paid or provided to the Participant and must repay to the Corporation the amount (or equivalent cash value) of any such Severance Benefits that have been paid to the Participant. 
 1.02 CIC Qualifying Termination . In the event that a Participant incurs a CIC Qualifying Termination, the applicable Employer shall pay or cause to be paid to the Participant the Accrued Obligations and the following Severance Benefits, subject to the Release requirement specified in Section 4.01 above, provided that, if a Participant s Separation from Service occurs prior to the effective date of the Change in Control, the payments set forth in this Section 4.02 shall be made within sixty (60) days following the effective date of the Change in Control. 
 (a) Severance Pa y. The applicable Employer shall pay to the Participant an amount equal to the product of the Participant s CIC Tier Level Multiplier times the sum of (i) the Participant s Base Salary, and (ii) the Participant s Target Bonus. This amount shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum within sixty (60) days following the date of the Participant s Separation from Service (except as provided in Section 4.06(f) and subject to the requirements of Section 4.06(e)). 
 (b) Pro-Rata Target Bonus for Year of Termination . The applicable Employer shall pay to the Participant a lump sum cash payment equal to the amount of the target annual cash incentive payment to which the Participant was entitled under the Annual Incentive Plan for the performance period that includes the Participant s date of termination, multiplied by a fraction (i) the numerator of which 
 
 8 

equals the number of days in such performance period during which the Participant was employed by the applicable Employer (rounded up to the next highest number of days in the case of a partial day of employment), and (ii) the denominator of which is the total number of days in such performance period. This amount shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum within sixty (60) days following the date of the Participant s Separation from Service (except as provided in Section 4.06(f) and subject to the requirements of Section 4.06(e)). 
 (c) Prior Year Bonus . The applicable Employer shall pay to the Participant any earned but unpaid bonus in respect of the year prior to the year of termination at the time such bonuses would otherwise be paid. 
 (d) Equity and Long-Term Incentives . Any equity or long-term compensation grant or award outstanding held by the Participant shall fully vest, with any applicable performance conditions deemed satisfied at the greater of target and actual level of performance determined as of the time of the CIC Qualifying Termination. This settlement of such grants and awards shall occur within sixty (60) days following the date of the Participant s Separation from Service (except as provided in Section 4.06(f) and subject to the requirements of Section 4.06(e)). 
 1.03 Non-CIC Qualifying Termination . In the event that a Participant incurs a Non-CIC Qualifying Termination, the applicable Employer shall pay or cause the payment to the Participant the Accrued Obligations and the following Severance Benefits, subject to the Release requirement specified in Section 4.01 above. 
 (a) Severance Pa y. The applicable Employer shall pay to the Participant an amount equal to the product of the Participant s Non-CIC Tier Level Multiplier times the sum of (i) the Participant s Base Salary, and (ii) the Participant s Target Bonus. This amount shall be paid to the Participant in equal installments in accordance with the usual payroll practices of the Employer for the duration of the Non-CIC Severance Period, with the initial payment commencing within sixty (60) days following the date of the Participant s Separation from Service (except as provided in Section 4.06(f) and subject to the requirements of Section 4.06(e)), which initial payment shall include any amounts that otherwise would have been paid through such date. 
 (b) Prior Year Bonus . The applicable Employer shall pay to the Participant any earned but unpaid bonus in respect of the year prior to the year of termination at the time such bonuses would otherwise be paid. 
 (c) Equity and Long-Term Incentives . Any equity or long-term compensation grant or award outstanding held by the Participant shall vest in an amount pro-rated based upon a fraction (i) the numerator of which equals the number of days was employed by the Employer (rounded up to the next highest number of days in the case of a partial day of employment) since the prior vesting date (if any), and (ii) the denominator of which is the total number of days until the next vesting date, with any applicable performance conditions deemed satisfied at the greater of target and actual level of performance determined in the ordinary course of business. The payment or settlement of such grants and awards shall occur as follows (A) with respect to any grants and awards which are not subject to any performance conditions, within sixty (60) days following the date of the Participant s Separation from Service, and (B) with respect to any grants and awards which are subject to performance conditions, at the time such grants or awards would otherwise have been paid or settled in the ordinary course of business (except, in each case, as provided in Section 4.06(f) and subject to the requirements of Section 4.06(e)). 
 1.04 Other Terminations of Employment . If the Participant s employment is terminated by the Employer for Cause or by Participant without Good Reason, or due to death or Disability the applicable Employer shall pay or cause to the payment to the Participant the Accrued Obligations, and shall have no further obligations hereunder. 
 1.05 Coordination with Other Severance Benefits . If a Participant becomes entitled to benefits under the Plan after already receiving severance benefits for a termination that did not, at the time, constitute a CIC Qualifying Termination or a Non-CIC Qualifying Termination, only the net incremental benefits (if any) shall be provided under the Plan (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, in respect of any statutory severance). For example, it is possible that a Participant will incur a Non-CIC Qualifying Termination prior to the effective date of a Change in Control and will become entitled to severance 
 
 9 

benefits hereunder and then the Separation from Service will become a CIC Qualifying Termination due to the occurrence of a subsequent Change in Control. In that event, the amounts and benefits to which the Participant is entitled under the Plan will be the incremental amounts and benefits, if any, that exceed the comparable amounts and benefits to which the Participant became entitled and received under any separate plan or agreement that did not relate to a Change in Control. For the avoidance of doubt, any portion of the Participant s equity awards that would be forfeited pursuant to Section 4.03(c) shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest in the event of a CIC Qualifying Termination until the earlier of (i) six (6) months following the Separation from Service and (ii) the date on which it can be definitively determined in the Administrator s sole discretion that a Change in Control shall not occur with the six (6) month period following the Separation from Service. 
 1.06 Section 409A . 
 (a) To the extent necessary to ensure compliance with Section 409A, the provisions of this Section 4.06 shall govern in all cases over any contrary or conflicting provision in the Plan. It is the intent of the Corporation that this Plan comply with the requirements of Section 409A with respect to any nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A. The Plan shall be interpreted and administered to maximize the exemptions from Section 409A and, to the extent the Plan provides for deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, to comply with Section 409A and to avoid the imposition of tax, interest and or penalties upon any Participant under Section 409A. 
 (b) The Corporation does not, however, assume the liability for any taxes associated with Section 409A. The Corporation, the Subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers, employees and advisers will not be liable to any Participant (or any other individual claiming a benefit through the Participant) for any tax, interest, or penalties the Participant may owe as a result of participation in the Plan. However, following the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Corporation shall exercise its good faith best efforts to minimize any adverse impact to a Participant with respect to the Severance Benefits payable to the Participant under this Plan (for example, by preserving the availability of the Section 409A short-term deferral exemption with respect to such benefits to the extent possible and by avoiding any forfeiture of a Participant s benefits or any other non-payment of benefits due under this Plan). 
 (c) The right to a series of payments under the Plan will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. Each separate payment that is made within 2 months following the end of the year that contains the date of the Participant s Separation from Service is intended to be exempt from Section 409A as a short-term deferral within the meaning of the final regulations under Section 409A. Each separate payment that is made later than 2 months following the end of the year that contains the date of the Participant s Separation from Service is intended to be exempt under the two-times exception of Treasury Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), up to the limitation on the availability of that exception specified in the regulation and subject to the conditions on the applicability of that exemption. Then, each separate payment that is made after the two-times exception ceases to be available shall be subject to delay, as necessary, in accordance with Section 4.06(f) below. 
 (d) It is intended that each lump sum payment made pursuant to Section 4.02(b) shall be exempt from Section 409A as a short-term deferral within the meaning of the final regulations under Section 409A. 
 (e) To the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, in no event may a Participant, directly or indirectly, designate the taxable year of payment. In particular, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, because any payment to a Participant under this Plan is conditioned upon the Participant s executing and not revoking a Release, if the designated payment period for such payment begins in one taxable year and ends in the next taxable year, the payment will be made in the later taxable year. 
 (f) To the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, references in this Plan to termination of employment or terminates employment (and similar references) shall have the same meaning as Separation from Service, and no payment subject to Section 409A that is payable upon a termination of employment shall be paid unless and until (and not later than applicable in compliance with Section 409A) the Participant incurs a Separation from Service. In addition, if the Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B) (i) at the time of his or her Separation from Service, any nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A that would otherwise have 
 
 10 

been payable on account of, and within the first six months following, the Participant s Separation from Service, and not by reason of another event under Section 409A(a)(2)(A), will become payable on the first business day after six months following the date of the Participant s Separation from Service or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death. 
 (g) To the extent that any reimbursement by the Employer to a Participant of eligible expenses under this Plan constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A (a Reimbursement (i) the Participant must request the Reimbursement (with substantiation of the expense incurred) no later than 30 days following the date on which the Participant incurs the corresponding eligible expense (ii) subject to any shorter time period provided in any expense reimbursement policy of the Employer or specifically provided otherwise in this Plan, the Employer shall make the Reimbursement to the Participant on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant incurred the eligible expense (iii) the Participant s right to Reimbursement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit and (iv) the amount eligible for Reimbursement in one calendar year shall not affect the amount eligible for Reimbursement in any other calendar year. 
 1.07 Enforcement Costs . Except as provided pursuant to Section 6.06, each party shall bear its own costs and expenses, including legal fees, that may be incurred in enforcing its respective rights under this Plan provided , however , that the Corporation shall bear the Participant s costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) if the Participant definitively prevails on at least one material claim in the final decision in respect of the applicable dispute. 
 1.08 Code Section 280G . 
 (a) A Participant shall bear all expense of, and be solely responsible for, any Excise Tax provided , however , that any Payment that would constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Code Section 280G shall be reduced to the extent necessary so that no portion thereof shall be subject to the Excise Tax but only if, by reason of such reduction, the net after-tax benefit received by the Participant shall exceed the net after-tax benefit that would be received by the Participant if no such reduction was made. 
 (b) The net after-tax benefit shall mean (i) the Payments which the Participant receives or is then entitled to receive from the Employer that would constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Code Section 280G, less (ii) the amount of all federal, state and local income and employment taxes payable by the Participant with respect to the foregoing calculated at the highest marginal income tax rate for each year in which the foregoing shall be paid to the Participant (based on the rate in effect for such year as set forth in the Code as in effect at the time of the first payment of the foregoing), less (iii) the amount of Excise Tax imposed with respect to the payments and benefits described in (b)(i) above. 
 (c) All determinations under this Section 4.08 will be made by an Accounting Firm. The Accounting Firm shall be required, in part, to evaluate the extent to which payments are exempt from Section 280G as reasonable compensation for services rendered before or after the Change in Control. All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be paid solely by the Corporation. The Corporation will direct the Accounting Firm to submit any determination it makes under this Section 4.08 and detailed supporting calculations to both the Participant and the Corporation as soon as reasonably practicable following the Change in Control or the CIC Qualifying Termination, as applicable. 
 (d) If the Accounting Firm determines that one or more reductions are required under this Section 4.08, such Payments shall be reduced in the order that would provide the Participant with the largest amount of after-tax proceeds (with such order determined by the Accounting Firm) to the extent necessary so that no portion thereof shall be subject to the Excise Tax, and the Corporation shall pay such reduced amount to the Participant. To the extent any order of reduction of Payments is required to be set forth herein, then such reduction shall be applied in the following order (i) payments that are payable in cash that are valued at full value under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q&A 24(a) will be reduced (if necessary, to zero), with amounts that are payable last reduced first (ii) payments due in respect of any equity valued at full value under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q&A 24(a) will be reduced next (if necessary, to zero), with amounts that are payable or deliverable last reduced first (iii) payments that are payable in cash that are valued at less than full value under Treasury Regulation 
 
 11 

Section 1.280G-1, Q&A 24 will be reduced next (if necessary, to zero), with the highest values reduced first (as such values are determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q&A 24) (iv) payments due in respect of any equity valued at less than full value under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q&A 24 will be reduced next (if necessary, to zero), with the highest values reduced first (as such values are determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q&A 24) and (v) all other non-cash benefits will be next reduced pro-rata. 
 (e) As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Code Section 280G at the time that the Accounting Firm makes its determinations under this Section 4.08, it is possible that amounts will have been paid or distributed to the Participant that should not have been paid or distributed (collectively, the overpayments ), or that additional amounts should be paid or distributed to the Participant (collectively, the underpayments ). If the Accounting Firm determines, based on either the assertion of a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service against the Employer or the Participant, which assertion the Accounting Firm believes has a high probability of success or is otherwise based on controlling precedent or substantial authority, that an overpayment has been made, the Participant must repay the overpayment to the Corporation, without interest provided , however , that no loan will be deemed to have been made and no amount will be payable by the Participant to the Corporation unless, and then only to the extent that, the deemed loan and payment would either reduce the amount on which the Participant is subject to tax under Code Section 4999 or generate a refund of tax imposed under Code Section 4999. If the Accounting Firm determines, based upon controlling precedent or substantial authority that an underpayment has occurred, the Accounting Firm will notify the Participant and the Corporation of that determination and the Corporation will promptly pay the amount of that underpayment to the Participant without interest. 
 (f) The parties will provide the Accounting Firm access to and copies of any books, records, and documents in their possession as reasonably requested by the Accounting Firm, and otherwise cooperate with the Accounting Firm in connection with the preparation and issuance of the determinations and calculations contemplated by this Section 4.08. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 4.08, the Accounting Firm may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Code Sections 280G and 4999. 
 1.09 Recoupment or Recovery of Severance Benefits . Severance Benefits under the Plan shall be subject to any policy of recoupment of compensation adopted or amended from time to time by the Board or the Committee, including, without limitation, any policy they deem necessary or desirable to comply with the requirements of Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (providing for recovery of erroneously awarded compensation), Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (providing for forfeiture of certain bonuses and profits), and any implementing rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable listing standards of a national securities exchange adopted in accordance with either of these Acts which policy is incorporated into this Plan. 
 ARTICLE 5 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 Subject to the next sentence, the Committee in all respects shall have the right at any time and from time to time, by instrument in writing, to amend, modify, alter, or terminate the Plan in whole or in part. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in this Plan to the contrary, the Committee may not amend, modify, alter or terminate this Plan so as to adversely affect payments or benefits then payable, or which could become payable, to a Participant under the Plan, except to the minimum extent required to comply with any applicable law, either (i) during the one-year period following the date on which advance written notice of such amendment, modification, alteration or termination is provided to the affected Participants in the manner specified in Section 6.10, or (ii) during the CIC Period. 
 ARTICLE 6 MISCELLANEOUS 
 1.01 Participant Rights . Except to the extent required or provided for by mandatorily imposed law as in effect and applicable hereto from time to time, neither the establishment of the Plan, nor any modification thereof, nor the payment of any benefits, shall be construed as giving to any Participant or other person any legal or equitable right against the Employer, or any officer or employee thereof, or the 
 
 12 

Board or the Administrator, except as herein provided nor shall any Participant have any legal right, title or interest in the assets of the Employer. This Plan shall not constitute a contract of employment nor afford any individual any right to be retained or continued in the employ of the Employer or in any way limit the right of the Employer to discharge any of its employees, with or without cause. Participants have no right to receive any payments or benefits that the Employer is prohibited by applicable law from making. 
 1.02 Administrator Authority . 
 (a) The Administrator will administer the Plan and have the full authority to accomplish that purpose, including, without limitation, the authority to 
 (i) resolve all questions relating to the eligibility of Participants 
 (ii) determine the amount of benefits, if any, payable to Participants under the Plan and determine the time and manner in which such benefits are to be paid 
 (iii) engage any administrative, legal, tax, actuarial, accounting, clerical, or other services it deems appropriate in administering the Plan 
 (iv) construe and interpret the Plan, supply omissions from, correct deficiencies in and resolve inconsistencies or ambiguities in the language of the Plan, resolve inconsistencies or ambiguities between the provisions of this document, and adopt rules for the administration of the Plan which are not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan document 
 (v) compile and maintain all records it determines to be necessary, appropriate or convenient in connection with the administration of the Plan and 
 (vi) resolve all questions of fact relating to any matter for which it has administrative responsibility. 
 (b) The Administrator shall perform all of the duties and may exercise all of the powers that the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan, including, but not limited to, delegation of any of its duties to one or more authorized officers. All references to the authority of the Administrator in this Plan shall be read to include the authority of any party to which the Administrator delegates such authority. 
 (c) Any failure by the Administrator to apply any provisions of this Plan to any particular situation shall not represent a waiver of the Administrator s authority to apply such provisions thereafter. 
 1.03 Claims and Appeals Procedure . 
 (a) With respect to any claim for benefits which are provided exclusively under this Plan, the claim and any related appeal shall be administered pursuant to subsections (b) through (i) below. With respect to any claim for benefits which, under the terms of the Plan, are provided under another employee benefit plan or program maintained by an Employer, the Administrator shall determine any claim and any related appeal regarding an individual s eligibility under the Plan pursuant to subsections (b) through (i) below but the administration of any other claim and any related appeal with respect to such benefits (including the amount of such benefits) shall be subject to the claims and appeals procedure specified in such other employee benefit plan or program. 
 (b) A Participant or his or her duly authorized representative (the claimant may make a claim for benefits under the Plan by filing a written claim with the Administrator. Determinations of each such claim shall be made as described below provided, however, that the claimant and the Administrator may agree to extended periods of time for making determinations beyond those periods described below. 
 (c) The Administrator will notify a claimant of its decision regarding his or her claim within a reasonable period of time, but not later than 90 days following the date on which the claim is filed, unless special circumstances require a longer period for processing of the claim and the claimant is 
 
 13 

notified in writing of the reasons for an extension of time prior to the end of the initial 90 day period and the date by which the Administrator expects to make the final decision. In no event will the Administrator be given an extension for processing the claim beyond 180 days after the date on which the claim is first filed with the Administrator unless otherwise agreed in writing by the claimant and the Administrator. 
 (d) If a claim is denied, the Administrator will notify the claimant of its decision in writing. Such notification will be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant and will contain the following information the specific reason for the denial a specific reference to each Plan provision on which the denial is based a description of additional information necessary for the claimant to perfect his or her claim, if any, and an explanation of why such material is necessary and an explanation of the Plan s claim review procedure and the applicable time limits under such procedure and a statement as to the claimant s right to dispute resolution under Section 6.06 after all of the Plan s review procedures have been satisfied. 
 (e) The claimant shall have 60 days following receipt of the notice of denial to file a written request with the Administrator for a review of the denied claim. The decision by the Administrator with respect to the review must be given within 60 days after receipt of the request, unless special circumstances require an extension and the claimant is notified in writing of the reasons for an extension of time prior to the end of the initial 60 day period and the date by which the Administrator expects to make the final decision. In no event will the decision be delayed beyond 120 days after receipt of the request for review unless otherwise agreed in writing by the claimant and the Administrator. 
 (f) Every claimant will be provided a reasonable opportunity for a full and fair review of an adverse determination. A full and fair review means the following the claimant will be given the opportunity to submit written comments, documents, records, etc. with regard to the claim, and the review will take into account all information submitted by the claimant, regardless of whether it was reviewed as part of the initial determination and the claimant will be provided, upon request and free of charge, with copies of all documents and information relevant to the claim for benefits. 
 (g) The Administrator will notify the claimant of its decision regarding an appeal of a denied claim in writing. The decision will be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, and will include the specific reason for the denial and adverse determination a reference to each specific Plan provision on which the denial is based a statement that the claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to and copies of all information relevant to the claimant s claim for benefits and a statement regarding the claimant s right to dispute resolution under Section 6.06. 
 (h) If the Administrator fails to follow these procedures consistent with the requirements of ERISA with respect to any claim, the claimant will be deemed to have exhausted all administrative remedies under the Plan and will have the right to dispute resolution under Section 6.06. 
 (i) Any claim that is filed under Section 6.06 must be filed within two years of the later of the date the Participant received the Severance Benefit or the date of the relevant Participant s Separation from Service. Any claim filed thereafter will be void. 
 1.04 Reliance on Tables and Reports . In administering the Plan, the Administrator is entitled to the extent permitted by law to rely conclusively upon all tables, valuations, certificates, opinions and reports which are furnished by accountants, legal counsel or other experts employed or engaged by the Administrator. The Administrator will be fully protected in respect of any action taken or suffered by the Administrator in good faith reliance upon all such tables, valuations, certificates, reports, opinions or other advice. The Administrator is also entitled to rely upon any data or information furnished by the Employer or by a Participant as to any information pertinent to any calculation or determination to be made under the provisions of the Plan, and, as a condition to payment of any benefit under the Plan the Administrator may request a Participant to furnish such information as it deems necessary or desirable in administering the Plan. 
 1.05 Expenses . All Plan administration expenses shall be paid by the Corporation. 
 
 14 

1.06 Dispute Resolution . To the fullest extent permitted by law, the resolution of all disputes arising under, or relating to, this Plan shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the arbitration provision of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement. 
 1.07 Successors . 
 (a) This Plan shall bind any successor of or to the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, their assets or their businesses (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise), in the same manner and to the same extent that the Corporation and its Subsidiaries would be obligated under this Plan if no succession had taken place. In the case of any transaction in which a successor would not by the foregoing provision or by operation of law be bound by this Plan, the Corporation and its Subsidiaries shall require such successor expressly and unconditionally to assume and agree to perform the Corporation s and its Subsidiaries' obligations under this Plan, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Corporation and its Subsidiaries would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. Failure of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries to obtain the agreement provided for in the preceding sentence in connection with a Change in Control will constitute a material breach of the Plan by the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, which will entitle the Participant to terminate employment for Good Reason and obtain the Severance Benefits provided in Sections 4.02 and 4.03. 
 (b) The Plan shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon and enforceable by the Corporation, its Subsidiaries and the Participants and their personal and legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, assigns, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If a Participant should die after incurring a CIC Qualifying Termination or Non-CIC Qualifying Termination and prior to receiving all of the Severance Benefits, the Severance Benefits (or any remaining amounts) shall be paid to the beneficiary designated by the Participant in a beneficiary designation form for this Plan, and in the event no such form is provided or the Participant has not otherwise properly designated a beneficiary, the Severance Benefits shall be payable to the Participant s estate, provided that in all cases the Participant s beneficiary or estate signs a Release similar to the form to be signed by the Participant as a condition of payment of such Severance Benefits. 
 1.08 Construction . In determining the meaning of the Plan, words imparting the masculine gender shall include the feminine and the singular shall include the plural, unless the context requires otherwise. Unless otherwise stated, references to Sections are references to Sections of this Plan. Whenever an example is provided or the text uses the term including followed by a specific item or items, or there is a passage having similar effect, such passages of the Plan shall be construed as if the phrase without limitation followed such example or term (or otherwise applied to such passage in a manner that avoids limits on its breadth of application). 
 1.09 References to Other Plans and Programs . Each reference in the Plan to any plan, policy or program, the Plan or document of the Employer or affiliate of the Employer shall include any amendments or successor provisions thereto without the necessity of amending the Plan for such changes. 
 1.10 Notices . All communications contemplated by this Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or when mailed by U.S. (or other applicable jurisdiction) registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid, when sent by express U.S. (or other applicable jurisdiction) mail or overnight delivery through a national delivery service (or an international delivery service in the case of an address outside the U.S.) with signature required, or when sent by electronic mail. Notice to the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, the Board or the Administrator shall be directed to the attention of the Secretary of the Corporation at the address of the Corporation s headquarters, and notice to a Participant shall be directed to the Participant at the most recent personal residence on file with the applicable Employer or the personal electronic mail address on file with the applicable Employer. 
 1.11 Service of Legal Process . Service of legal process may be made upon the Administrator to the attention of the Secretary of the Corporation at the address of the Corporation s headquarters. 
 1.12 Plan Year . The records of the Plan shall be maintained on the basis of the Corporation s fiscal year, which is the calendar year. 
 
 15 

1.13 No Duty to Mitigate . The Participant shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided pursuant to this Plan, nor shall the amount of any such payment be reduced by any compensation that the Participant receives from any other source, except as provided in this Plan. 
 1.14 Withholding of Taxes . The Employer may withhold from any amount payable or benefit provided under this Plan such federal, state, local, foreign and other taxes as are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
 1.15 Governing Law . Except to the extent that the Plan may be subject to the provisions of ERISA and the Code, the Plan will be construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
 1.16 Validity Severability . If any provision of this Plan or the application of any provision to any person or circumstances is held invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal, the remainder of this Plan and the application of such provision to any other person or circumstances will not be affected, and the provision so held to be invalid or unenforceable will be reformed to the extent (and only to the extent) necessary to make it enforceable or valid. To the extent any provisions held to be invalid or unenforceable cannot be reformed, such provisions are to be stricken here from and the remainder of this Plan will be binding on the parties and their successors and assigns as if such invalid or illegal provisions were never included in this Plan from the first instance. 
 1.17 Miscellaneous . No waiver by a Participant or the Employer at any time of any breach by the other party of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Plan to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the time or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party that are not expressly set forth in this Plan. 
 1.18 Source of Payments . All payments provided under this Plan, other than payments made pursuant to any Employer employee benefit plan which provides otherwise, shall be paid in cash from the general funds of the applicable Employer, and no special or separate fund shall be required to be established, and no other segregation of assets required to be made, to assure payment. To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments from the applicable Employer under this Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured creditor of the applicable Employer. 
 1.19 Survival of Provisions . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, the rights and obligations of the Corporation and its applicable Subsidiaries and the Participants under Article Four, Sections 6.03, 6.06 through 6.20, and the Restrictive Covenants will survive any termination or expiration of this Plan or the termination of the Participant s employment for any reason whatsoever. 
 6.20 Cooperation . Participant agrees that, subsequent to any termination of their employment, they will continue to cooperate with the Corporation in the prosecution and or defense of any claim in which the Corporation may have an interest (with the right of reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred) which may include, without limitation, being available to participate in any proceeding involving the Corporation, permitting interviews with representatives of the Corporation, appearing for depositions and trial testimony, and producing and or providing any documents or names of other persons with relevant information in Participant s possession or control arising out of their employment in a reasonable time, place and manner. 
 
 16 

Exhibit A Form of Release 
 SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT 1 
 1. Separation Date . I, Insert Employee s name , hereby acknowledge that my employment by Varonis Systems, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the Company has ended as of Insert Date (the Termination Date ). 
 2. Severance Benefits . In exchange for the Company s receipt of this Separation and Release Agreement (the Release signed by me, and provided I do not revoke this Release in the manner specified in Paragraph 12 herein within seven (7) days after signing it, the Company will provide to me the severance benefits described in the Varonis Systems, Inc. Severance Plan (the Plan on the terms and conditions set forth therein (the Severance Benefits ). I agree and acknowledge that the Severance Benefits constitute payments or benefits to which I would not be entitled if I did not sign or did revoke this Release. The Company acknowledges that I am entitled to the Accrued Obligations as defined in the Plan irrespective of whether I execute the Release. I understand that information will be provided to me about my right to continue health benefits through the Company through the federal law known as COBRA. 
 3. Release of Claims . 
 (a) General Release . In consideration of the Severance Benefits, I, on behalf of myself, my heirs, assigns, legal representatives, successors in interest, and any person claiming through me or any of them, hereby completely release and forever discharge all Released Parties from any and all claims, demands or liabilities whatsoever, based on any act or omission occurring before my signing of this Release, arising out of my employment with any of the Released Parties or the ending of such employment. The matters released include any claim arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 the Federal Civil Rights Act of 1991 the Fair Credit Reporting Act the Civil Rights Acts of 1866, 1870, 1871, and 1991 Title II of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988 the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974 the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 the Federal Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 the Equal Pay Act the Rehabilitation Act the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1936 the National Labor Relations Act of 1935 the Uniformed Services Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 all of the foregoing as amended any other federal, state or local law, regulation or ordinance regulating employment discrimination, wages, hours and working conditions, or other worker protections or any other federal, state or local statutory or common law where I was employed or resided pertaining to employment relations, my employment or the termination of my employment, including any action based on any alleged breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, fraud, fraudulent inducement or any other tort any violation of public policy or statutory or constitutional rights any claim for unpaid salary (other than as due in the ordinary course in a final paycheck) severance pay, bonus or similar benefit sick leave pension or retirement vacation pay (other than as due in the ordinary course in a final paycheck) or holiday pay equity compensation car allowance life insurance, health or medical insurance, or any other fringe benefit any claim for reimbursement of health or medical costs and any claim for disability. 
 For purposes of this Release, the term Released Parties means the Company, and each of its respective parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and all of the current and former employees, officers, directors, trustees, agents, representatives, shareholders, attorneys, accountants, partners, insurers, advisors, partnerships, joint venturers, successors and assigns, employee benefit 
 
 1 The parties agree that the Company may revise the release in light of additional statutes or claims so that the Company receives the benefit of the fullest legally permissible release of claims and may also change the timing, if required, to obtain such release. This footnote and the other footnotes are part of the form of release and are to be removed only when the Company finalizes the letter agreement for execution . 
 
 A-1 

programs (and the trustees, administrators, fiduciaries and insurers of such programs) of any of them, in their individual and official capacities, and the respective heirs and personal representatives of any of them, and any other persons acting by, through, under, or in concert with, any of them. 
 (b) Unknown Claims . I understand and agree that the claims released in Paragraph 3(a) include not only claims presently known to me, but also all unknown or unanticipated claims, rights, demands, actions, obligations, liabilities and causes of action of every kind and character that would otherwise come within the scope of the released claims as described in Paragraph 3(a). I understand that I may hereafter discover facts different from what I now believe to be true that, if known, could have materially affected my willingness to execute and the terms of this Release, but I nevertheless waive and release any claims or rights based on different or additional facts. 
 (c) Exclusions from Release . 
 1. Certain Exclusions . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Release does not include and will not preclude (a) rights or claims to vested benefits under any applicable retirement and or pension plans or to the Accrued Obligations (b) rights under COBRA, (c) any claims not waivable by applicable law (including, where applicable, workers compensation claims and unemployment claims) or arising after the date I sign this Release and or (d) any actions to enforce this Release or to receive the Severance Benefits. 
 2. Indemnification . The Company agrees that I am not releasing any claims or rights I may have for indemnification under state or other law or the governing documents of the Company and any affiliated companies, or under any indemnification agreement with the Company or under any insurance policy providing directors and officers coverage for any lawsuit or claim relating to the period when I was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or any affiliated company provided , however , that (i) the Company s acknowledgement is not a concession, acknowledgment, or guaranty that I have any such rights to indemnification or coverage in a particular matter, and (ii) the Company retains any defenses it may have to such indemnification or coverage. 
 4. No Claims . Except as permitted hereby, I agree that I will not file, nor encourage or knowingly permit another to file, any claim, charge, action, or complaint (collectively Claim concerning any matter released herein. If I have previously filed any such Claim, I agree to take all steps necessary to cause it to be withdrawn without delay provided , however , that nothing in this Release (i) prevents me from filing a Claim with, cooperating with, or participating in any proceeding before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or a state fair employment practices agency (except that I acknowledge that I may not recover any monetary benefits in connection with any such Claim I further waive any rights or claims to any payment, benefit, attorneys fees or other remedial relief in connection with any such charge, investigation or proceeding and I agree that if any such Claim is filed on my behalf, I shall take all reasonable steps necessary to refuse any damages or individualized relief in connection therewith), or (ii) shall limit or restrict my right to (a) challenge the validity of this Release under the ADEA, or (b) prosecute any ADEA claim if such claim arises after I sign this Release, and no such action on my part shall be deemed to violate this provision or any other provision of this Release. This Release does not prohibit or prevent me from engaging in activities that are not waivable and are protected by applicable federal or state laws. Further, nothing in this Release or other policies or contracts covering me prohibits me from communicating with government agencies about possible violations of federal, state, or local laws or otherwise providing information to government agencies, filing a complaint with government agencies, or participating in government agency investigations or proceedings, or from receiving an award for information provided to any government agency. I have been advised that I am not required to notify the Company of any such communications provided , however , that nothing herein authorizes the disclosure of information I obtained through a communication that was subject to the attorney-client privilege. 
 
 A-2 

5. Release Negotiations Confidential . I represent and agree that I will keep the details of negotiation with respect to this Release completely confidential, and that I will not disclose such information to anyone, except as follows (a) to my immediate family and professional representatives (provided they are informed of this confidentiality provision) (b) to any governmental authority (c) in response to subpoena or other legal process, provided that before making such disclosure (other than in response to a subpoena or other process issued by a government agency), I shall give the Company as much prior notice thereof as practical to enable the Company to seek, at its sole discretion, an appropriate order preventing such disclosure or (d) in exercise of applicable whistleblower rights. I am not required to maintain the confidentiality of the negotiations to the extent the Company publicly discloses the details of such negotiations. 
 6. Continuing Obli g ations . Except as otherwise permitted by Paragraph 4 above or in the Restrictive Covenants (as defined in the Plan), I acknowledge and reaffirm my obligation to keep confidential and not to use or disclose any and all non-public information concerning the Company that I acquired during the course of my employment with the Company, including any non-public information concerning the Company s business affairs, business prospects, and financial condition, provided that I may respond to subpoena or other legal process, provided that before making such disclosure (other than in response to a subpoena or other process issued by a government agency), I shall give the Company as much prior notice thereof as practical to enable the Company to seek, at its sole discretion, an appropriate order preventing such disclosure. I further acknowledge and reaffirm my continuing obligations with respect to the Restrictive Covenants, all of which remain in full force and effect. 
 7. Return of Company Property . I confirm that I have returned to the Company in good working order all Company-owned keys, files, records (and copies thereof), equipment (including computer hardware, software and printers, wireless handheld devices, cellular phones, tablets, smartphones, etc.), Company identification, Company proprietary and confidential information, and any other Company-owned property in my possession or control that I will have left intact with, or delivered intact to, the Company all electronic Company documents and internal and external websites including those that I developed or helped to develop during my employment and that I have thereafter deleted, and destroyed any hard copies of, all electronic files relating to the Company that are in my possession or control, including any that are located on any of my personal computers or external or cloud storage. I further confirm that I have cancelled all accounts for my benefit, if any, in the Company s name, including credit cards, telephone charge cards, cellular phone accounts, and computer accounts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, I have been advised that I may retain my address book to the extent it contains only contact information and that the Company will reasonably cooperate with me at to the transfer of my cell phone number. 
 8. Entire Agreement . Except as referenced in Paragraph 6 above, this Release constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and me as to any matter referred to in this Release. This Release supersedes all other agreements between the Company and me, other than the general benefit plans under which I am a participant and any outstanding equity awards from the Company. In executing this Release, I am not relying upon any agreement, representation, written or oral statement, understanding, omission, or course of conduct that is not expressly set forth in this Release. 
 9. Governing Law Dispute Resolution . This Release will be construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of Delaware 2 , without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any federal or state court located in the State of Delaware over any suit, action, dispute or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Release and each of the parties agrees that any action relating in any way to this Release must be commenced only in the courts of the State of Delaware , federal or state. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted or not prohibited by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably consents to the service of process in any suit, action or proceeding by sending the same by certified mail, return receipt requested, or by recognized overnight courier service, to the address of such party in the manner set forth in Section 6.10 and Section 6.11 of the Plan. With respect to any order obtained in accordance with this Section 9, any party 
 
 2 Governing law and venue to be updated to reflect the appropriate jurisdiction. 
 
 A-3 

hereto may enforce such order in any court having personal jurisdiction over the party against whom the order shall be enforced. 
 10. Waiver of Jury Trial . THE PARTIES TO THIS RELEASE EACH HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION, OR CAUSE OF ACTION (I) ARISING UNDER THIS RELEASE OR (II) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO IN RESPECT OF THIS RELEASE, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY, OR OTHERWISE. THE PARTIES TO THIS RELEASE EACH HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION, OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY AND THAT THE PARTIES TO THIS RELEASE MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OF A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 
 11. Successors and Assigns . This Release will bind and inure to the benefit of the successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives of the Released Parties and me. 
 12. Review Period Revocation . I acknowledge that prior to signing this Release, I have been advised to consult with an attorney of my choice to review the Release, and have taken such opportunity to the extent I wish to do so. I further acknowledge that the Company has given me at least twenty-one (21) days to decide whether I wish to execute this Release. I understand that I may revoke this Release at any time during the seven (7) days after I sign it (the Revocation Period ), and that the Release shall not become effective until the end of that Revocation Period. I understand and agree that by executing, timely returning, and not revoking this Release, I am waiving any and all rights or claims I might have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, and that I have received consideration beyond that to which I was entitled without providing this Release. If I choose to revoke the Release, such revocation must be by means of a writing signed by me and delivered within the seven (7) day Revocation Period as follows via facsimile or hand-delivery to ____ at Varonis Systems, Inc., ___ or by facsimile number ___ . If I revoke this Release via facsimile, I agree that my facsimile signature will be valid and binding for all purposes. 
 13. Modification in Writing . No provision of this Release may be modified, amended or waived except by a writing signed by me and an authorized representative of the Company. 
 14. No Admission of Liability . This Release shall not at any time or for any purpose be deemed an admission of liability of any kind by any Released Party. This Release may not be used or introduced as evidence in any legal proceeding, except to enforce or challenge its terms. 
 15. Headings Interpretation . The headings, titles and captions contained in this Release are inserted only for the convenience of the parties and for reference, and in no way define, limit, extend or describe the scope of this Release or the intent of any provision hereof. References in this Release to include or including should be read as though they said without limitation or equivalent forms. 
 16. Severability . If any provision of this Release shall, for any reason, be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, in whole or in part, such adjudication shall in no way affect any other provisions of this Release or the validity or enforcement of the remainder of this Release, and any provision thus affected shall itself be modified only to the extent necessary to bring the provision within the applicable requirements of the law. 
 17. Automatic Revocation . If the Company determines my cessation of employment is to be treated as for Cause either at or after the Termination Date (where permitted by the Plan) and acts upon such determination in a manner materially adverse to me, this Release, if already executed, is automatically revoked retroactively, and neither party is obligated by it. 
 
 A-4 

18. Timely Execution . To receive the Severance Benefits, I must sign this Release on or after my Termination Date, and return it to the Company within twenty-one (21) days after my Termination Date, as follows hand delivery or first-class mail to or by facsimile number . 
 Signatures on Following Page 
 
 A-5 

EMPLOYEE S ACCEPTANCE OF RELEASE 
 I have read this Release and I understand all of its terms. I acknowledge and agree that this Release is executed voluntarily, without coercion, and with full knowledge of its significance. I further acknowledge that I have been given twenty-one (21) days during which to decide whether to execute this Release, and have used that time to the extent I wish to do so. I understand that my execution of this Release constitutes a full, unconditional general release of any and all known or unknown claims that I may have against any Released Party, despite the fact that I may become aware of claims in the future that I did not consider prior to signing this Release. 
 Date 
 Insert Employee s Name 
 
 Accepted 
 Varonis Systems, Inc. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 A-6 

Exhibit B Severance Plan Restrictive Covenants 
 Varonis Systems, Inc. At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement 
 As a condition of my employment with Varonis Systems, Inc., its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns (together, the Company ), and in consideration of my employment with the Company and my participation in the Varonis Systems, Severance Plan (the Severance Plan and receipt of the compensation now and hereafter paid to me by the Company, I agree to the following provisions of this Varonis Systems, Inc. At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement (this Agreement ), subject to the terms of the Severance Plan, which terms shall control in the event of a conflict 
 1. At-Will Employment 
 SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING THE CONSEQUENCES OF MY TERMINATION AS SET FORTH IN THE SEVERANCE PLAN OR OTHER AGREEMENT WITH THE COMPANY I UNDERSTAND AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT MY EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY IS FOR NO SPECIFIED TERM AND CONSTITUTES AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT. I ALSO UNDERSTAND THAT ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS UNAUTHORIZED AND NOT VALID UNLESS IN WRITING AND SIGNED BY THE CEO (OR OTHER AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE) OF VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. ACCORDINGLY, I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT MY EMPLOYMENT RELATIONSHIP MAY BE TERMINATED AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT GOOD CAUSE OR FOR ANY OR NO CAUSE, AT MY OPTION OR AT THE OPTION OF THE COMPANY, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE. I FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE COMPANY MAY MODIFY JOB TITLES, RESPONSIBILITIES, SALARIES AND BENEFITS FROM TIME TO TIME AS IT DEEMS NECESSARY IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION. 
 2. Confidentiality 
 A. Definition of Confidential Information . I understand that Company Confidential Information means information that the Company has or will develop, acquire, create, compile, discover or own, that has value in or to the Company s business which is not generally known and which the Company wishes to maintain as confidential. Company Confidential Information includes both information disclosed by the Company to me, and information developed or learned by me during the course of my employment with Company. Company Confidential Information also includes all information of which the unauthorized disclosure could be detrimental to the interests of Company, whether or not such information is identified as Company Confidential Information. By example, and without limitation, Company Confidential Information includes any and all non-public information that relates to the actual or anticipated business and or products, research or development of the Company, or to the Company s technical data or know-how, including, but not limited to, research, product plans or other information regarding the Company s products or services and markets therefor, customer lists and customers (including, but not limited to, customers of the Company on which I called or with which I may become acquainted during the term of my employment), any information about employment conditions, employees, contractors or services providers, recruitment and retention policies, software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, marketing, finances, and other business information disclosed by the Company either directly or indirectly in writing, orally or by drawings or inspection of premises, parts, equipment or other Company property. Confidential Information also includes, to the extent not included in the foregoing, all trade secrets of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company Confidential Information shall not include any such information which I can establish (i) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure by Company to me (ii) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure by Company to me through no wrongful action or omission by me or (iii) is in my rightful possession, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure by Company as shown by my then-contemporaneous written records. I understand that nothing in this 
 
 B-1 

Agreement is intended to limit employees rights to discuss the terms, wages and working conditions of their employment, as protected by applicable law. 
 B. Nonuse and Nondisclosure . I agree that during and after my employment with the Company, I will hold in the strictest confidence, and take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of Company Confidential Information, and I will not (i) use the Company Confidential Information for any purpose whatsoever other than for the benefit of the Company in the course of my employment, or (ii) disclose the Company Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written authorization of the President, CEO or the Board of Directors of the Company (as applicable). Prior to disclosure when compelled by applicable law, I shall provide prior written notice to the President, CEO and General Counsel of the Company (as applicable). I agree that I obtain no title to any Company Confidential Information, and that as between the Company and myself, the Company retains all Confidential Information as the sole property of the Company I understand that my unauthorized use or disclosure of Company Confidential Information during my employment may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including immediate termination and legal action by the Company. To protect the Company s legitimate business interests, I understand that my obligations under this Section 2.B shall continue after termination of my employment and shall only terminate, with respect to particular Company Confidential Information, upon the earlier of (1) the date on which such information ceases to constitute Company Confidential Information under Section 2.A , and (2) with respect only to Company Confidential Information that does not constitute or ceases to constitute (through no wrongful action or omission by me) a trade secret under applicable law, thirty-six (36) months after termination of my employment. I understand that under applicable law, a trade secret includes, without limitation, any formula, pattern, device or compilation of information which is used in the Company s business, and which gives Company an advantage or an opportunity to obtain an advantage, over competitors who do not know or use such information. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or otherwise affect the statutory protection given to trade secrets or the applicability of state trade secret law. 
 C. Former Employer Confidential Information . I agree that during my employment with the Company, I will not improperly use, disclose or induce the Company to use any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former employer or other person or entity with which I have an obligation to keep in confidence. I further agree that I will not bring onto the Company s premises or transfer onto the Company s technology systems any unpublished document, proprietary information or trade secrets belonging to any such third party unless disclosure to, and use by, the Company has been consented to in writing by such third party. 
 D. Third Party Information . I recognize that the Company has received and in the future will receive from third parties associated with the Company, e.g., the Company s customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, partners or collaborators Associated Third Parties ), their confidential or proprietary information Associated Third Party Confidential Information subject to a duty on the Company s part to maintain the confidentiality of such Associated Third Party Confidential Information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. By way of example, Associated Third Party Confidential Information may include the habits or practices of Associated Third Parties, the technology of Associated Third Parties, requirements of Associated Third Parties, and information related to the business conducted between the Company and such Associated Third Parties. I agree at all times during my employment with the Company and thereafter, that I owe the Company and its Associated Third Parties a duty to hold all such Associated Third Party Confidential Information in the strictest confidence, and not to use it or to disclose it to any person, firm, corporation or other third party except as necessary in carrying out my work for the Company consistent with the Company s agreement with such Associated Third Parties. I further agree to comply with any and all Company policies and guidelines that may be adopted from time to time regarding Associated Third Parties and Associated Third Party Confidential Information. I understand that my unauthorized use or disclosure of Associated Third Party Confidential Information or violation of any Company policies during my employment may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including immediate termination and legal action by the Company. 
 E. Defend Trade Secrets Act Claim Disclosure . This Agreement requires me to protect the Company Confidential Information against unauthorized disclosure. Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, I may be authorized to disclose confidential, proprietary and trade secret information in two limited circumstances. First, an individual may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state or 
 
 B-2 

local official, either directly or indirectly, or to any attorney and such disclosure is made (i) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a law suit or other proceeding if such filing is made under seal. Second, an individual may disclose trade secret information to an attorney for the purpose of filing a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation or law provided that any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and the trade secret is not disclosed, except pursuant to court order. All other unauthorized disclosures are expressly prohibited without the Company s consent. 
 3. Ownership 
 A. Assignment of Inventions . As between the Company and myself, I agree that all right, title, and interest in and to any and copyrightable material, notes, records, drawings, designs, inventions, improvements, developments, discoveries and trade secrets conceived, discovered, authored, invented, developed or reduced to practice by me, solely or in collaboration with others, during the period of time I am in the employ of the Company (including during my off-duty hours), or with the use of the Company s equipment, supplies, facilities or Company Confidential Information, and any copyrights, patents, trade secrets, mask work rights or other intellectual property rights relating to the foregoing (collectively, Inventions ), are the sole property of the Company. I also agree to promptly make full written disclosure to the Company of any Inventions, and to deliver and assign and hereby irrevocably assign fully to the Company all of my right, title and interest in and to Inventions. I agree that this assignment includes a present conveyance to the Company of ownership of Inventions that are not yet in existence. I further acknowledge that all original works of authorship that are made by me (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of and during the period of my employment with the Company and that are protectable by copyright are works made for hire, as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act. I understand and agree that the decision whether or not to commercialize or market any Inventions is within the Company s sole discretion and for the Company s sole benefit, and that no royalty or other consideration will be due to me as a result of the Company s efforts to commercialize or market any such Inventions. 
 B. Pre-Existing Materials . I have attached hereto as Exhibit A , a list describing all inventions, discoveries, original works of authorship, developments, improvements, and trade secrets that were conceived in whole or in part by me prior to my employment with the Company and to which I have any right, title or interest and which relate to the Company s proposed business, products or research and development Prior Inventions or, if no such list is attached, I represent and warrant that there are no such Prior Inventions. Furthermore, I represent and warrant that if any Prior Inventions are included on Exhibit A , they will not materially affect my ability to perform all obligations under this Agreement. I will inform the Company in writing before incorporating such Prior Inventions into any Invention or otherwise utilizing such Prior Invention in the course of my employment with the Company, and the Company is hereby granted a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable worldwide license (with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses) to make, have made, use, import, offer for sale, sell, reproduce, distribute, modify, adapt, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise exploit such Prior Inventions, without restriction, including, without limitation, as part of or in connection with such Invention, and to practice any method related thereto. I will not incorporate any invention, improvement, development, concept, discovery, work of authorship or other proprietary information owned by any third party into any Invention without the Company s prior written permission. 
 C. Moral Rights . Any assignment to the Company of Inventions includes all rights of attribution, paternity, integrity, modification, disclosure and withdrawal, and any other rights throughout the world that may be known as or referred to as moral rights, artist s rights, droit moral, or the like (collectively, Moral Rights ). To the extent that Moral Rights cannot be assigned under applicable law, I hereby waive and agree not to enforce any and all Moral Rights, including, without limitation, any limitation on subsequent modification, to the extent permitted under applicable law. 
 D. Maintenance of Records . I agree to keep and maintain adequate, current, accurate, and authentic written records of all Inventions made by me (solely or jointly with others) during the term of my employment with the Company. The records will be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, electronic files, reports or any other format that may be specified by the Company. As between the Company and myself, the records are and will be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times. 
 
 B-3 

E. Further Assurances . I agree to assist the Company, or its designee, at the Company s expense, in every proper way to secure the Company s rights in the Inventions in any and all countries, including the disclosure to the Company of all pertinent information and data with respect thereto, the execution of all applications, specifications, oaths, assignments, and all other instruments that the Company shall deem proper or necessary in order to apply for, register, obtain, maintain, defend, and enforce such rights, and in order to deliver, assign and convey to the Company, its successors, assigns, and nominees the sole and exclusive rights, title, and interest in and to all Inventions, and testifying in a suit or other proceeding relating to such Inventions. I further agree that my obligations under this Section 3.E shall continue after the termination of this Agreement. 
 F. Attorney-in-Fact . I agree that, if the Company is unable because of my unavailability, mental or physical incapacity or for any other reason to secure my signature with respect to any Inventions, including, without limitation, for the purpose of applying for or pursuing any application for any United States or foreign patents or mask work or copyright registrations covering the Inventions assigned to the Company in Section 3.A , then I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and on my behalf to execute and file any papers and oaths, and to do all other lawfully permitted acts with respect to such Inventions to further the prosecution and issuance of patents, copyright and mask work registrations with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me. This power of attorney shall be deemed coupled with an interest, and shall be irrevocable. 
 4. Conflicting Obligations 
 A. Current Obligations. I agree that during the term of my employment with the Company, I will not engage in or undertake any other employment, occupation, consulting relationship or commitment that is directly related to the business in which the Company is now involved or becomes involved or has plans to become involved, nor will I engage in any other activities that conflict with my obligations to the Company. 
 B. Prior Relationships . Without limiting Section 4.A , I represent and warrant that I have no other agreements, relationships or commitments to any other person or entity that conflict with the provisions of this Agreement, my obligations to the Company under this Agreement or my ability to become employed and perform the services for which I have been hired by the Company. I further agree that if I have signed a confidentiality agreement or similar type of agreement with any former employer or other entity, I will comply with the terms of any such agreement to the extent that its terms are lawful under applicable law. I represent and warrant that after undertaking a careful search (including searches of my computers, cell phones, electronic devices, and documents), I have returned all property and confidential information belonging to all prior employers (and or other third parties I have performed services for in accordance with the terms of my applicable agreement). Moreover, I agree to fully indemnify the Company, its directors, officers, agents, employees, investors, stockholders, administrators, affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries, predecessor and successor corporations, and assigns for all verdicts, judgments, settlements, and other losses incurred by any of them resulting from my breach of my obligations under any agreement with a third party to which I am a party or obligation to which I am bound, as well as any reasonable attorneys fees and costs if the plaintiff is the prevailing party in such an action, except as prohibited by law. 
 5. Return of Company Materials 
 Upon separation from employment with the Company, on the Company s earlier request during my employment, or at any time subsequent to my employment upon demand from the Company, I will immediately deliver to the Company, and will not keep in my possession, recreate or deliver to anyone else, any and all Company property, including, but not limited to, Company Confidential Information, Associated Third Party Confidential Information, all devices and equipment belonging to the Company (including computers, handheld electronic devices, telephone equipment, and other electronic devices), all tangible embodiments of the Inventions, all electronically stored information and passwords to access such property, Company credit cards, records, data, notes, notebooks, reports, files, proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, drawings, blueprints, sketches, materials, photographs, charts, any other documents and property, and reproductions of any of the foregoing items, including, without limitation, those records maintained pursuant to Section 3.D . I also consent to an exit interview to confirm my compliance with this Section 5 . 
 
 B-4 

6. Contact Information 
 I agree to keep the Company advised of my home and business address for a period of three (3) years after termination of my employment with the Company, so that the Company can contact me regarding my continuing obligations provided by this Agreement. 
 7. Covenant Not to Compete and No Solicitation 
 A. Covenant Not to Compete. I agree that during the course of my employment and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following my termination of employment for any reason, whether such termination is initiated by the Company or me, I will not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company, whether paid or not (i) serve as a partner, principal, licensor, licensee, employee, consultant, contractor, officer, director, manager, agent, affiliate, representative, advisor, promoter, associate, investor, creditor or otherwise in any other capacity for, (ii) own, purchase, organize, or take preparatory steps for the organization or competition of, or (iii) build, design, finance, acquire, lease, operate, manage, control, invest in, advise, work or consult for or otherwise join, participate in or affiliate myself with, any business whose business, products or operations are in any respect competitive (including by planning or proposing to be competitive) with or otherwise similar to the Company s business provided that this undertaking shall not preclude me from owning a stock interest not greater than 2 in a publicly traded company. The foregoing covenant shall cover my activities in every part of the world. Should I obtain other employment during my employment with the Company or within twelve (12) months immediately following the termination of my relationship with the Company, I agree to provide written notification to the Company as to the name and address of my new employer, the position that I expect to hold, and a general description of my duties and responsibilities, at least five (5) business days prior to starting such employment. 
 B. No Solicitation and No Interference . 
 1. Non-Solicitation of Customers. I agree that during the course of my employment and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following my termination of employment for any reason, whether such termination is initiated by the Company or me, I shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company, contact, or cause to be contacted, or engage in any form of oral, verbal, written, recorded, transcribed or electronic communication with any Customer for the purposes of conducting business that is competitive or similar to that of the Company or for the purpose of disadvantaging the Company s business in any way. For the purposes of this Agreement, Customer shall mean all persons or entities that have used, inquired of or been solicited by me for the Company s services at any time during the two-year period preceding the termination of my employment with the Company or about whom I have learned material non-public information. I further acknowledge and agree that the identity of the Customers is not readily ascertainable or discoverable through public sources, and that the Company s list of Customers was cultivated with great effort and secured through the expenditure of considerable time and money by the Company. 
 2. Non-Solicitation of Employees and Contractors. I agree that during the course of my employment and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following my termination of employment for any reason, whether such termination is initiated by the Company or me, I shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company, whether or not such action is initiated by me (i) solicit, encourage or attempt to solicit or encourage any employee or contractor of the Company to terminate such work relationship, (ii) solicit, encourage or attempt to solicit or encourage any employee or contractor of the Company to be employed by or provide services to any person or entity other than the Company, or (iii) hire, employ or engage any employee or contractor of the Company to work for a person or entity other than the Company. The foregoing obligations shall apply to any employee or contractor of the Company at the time my employment is terminated as well as any such individuals who, either coincident with or within twelve (12) months before the termination of my employment hereunder, terminated their employment or engagement with the Company. 
 
 B-5 

3. Non-Interference With Business Relations. I agree that during the course of my employment and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the termination of my employment for any reason, whether such termination is initiated by the Company or me, I will not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company, whether or not such action is initiated by me (i) do anything or attempt to do anything to discredit or otherwise injure the reputation or goodwill of the Company (ii) solicit, induce, encourage or attempt to solicit, induce or encourage any party or any existing or prospective counterparty including, but not limited to, any franchisee, joint venture, supplier, vendor, contractor, advertiser, customer, employee, distributor, manufacturer or any other existing or prospective professional or business relation of the Company to not conduct business with the Company, divert away any business from the Company, or to cease, limit or reduce the level of business conducted between such business relation and the Company or (iii) in any way interfere or attempt to interfere with the Company s relationship with any party or existing or prospective counterparty, including, but not limited to, any franchisee, joint venture, supplier, vendor, contractor, advertiser, customer, employee, distributor, manufacturer or any other existing or prospective professional or business relation of the Company. 
 C. Acknowledgements. I acknowledge and agree that (1) the business in which the Company is engaged is intensely competitive, (2) my employment by the Company will require me to have access to, and knowledge of, Company Confidential Information, which is of vital importance to the success of the Company, (3) I will derive significant value from the Company s agreement to provide me with Company Confidential Information to enable me to optimize the performance of my duties to the Company, (4) the disclosure or improper use of any Company Confidential Information could place the Company at a serious competitive disadvantage and could do it serious damage, financial and otherwise, (5) I will develop relationships with clients and business partners at the time and expense of the Company, (6) by my training, experience and expertise, my services to the Company are extraordinary, special and unique, (7) my fulfillment of the obligations contained in this Agreement is necessary to protect the Company Confidential Information and, consequently, to preserve the value and goodwill of the Company, (8) the time, geographic and scope limitations of my restrictive covenant obligations are fair and reasonable in all respects, especially in light of the Company s need to protect Company Confidential Information and the international scope and nature of the Company s business, and (9) I will not be precluded from gainful employment by abiding by the restrictions in this Agreement. 
 D. Separate Covenants Reformation . The covenants contained in subsections (A) and (B) above shall be construed as a series of separate covenants, one for each country, city, county and state of any geographic area in the world. Except for geographic coverage, each such separate covenant shall be deemed identical in terms to the covenant contained in subsections (A) and (B) above. If, in any judicial or arbitral proceeding, a court or arbitrator refuses to enforce any of such separate covenants (or any part thereof), then such unenforceable covenant (or such part) shall be eliminated from this Agreement to the extent necessary to permit the remaining separate covenants (or portions thereof) to be enforced. In the event that the provisions of subsections (A) and (B) above are deemed to exceed the time, geographic or scope limitations permitted by applicable law, then such provisions shall be reformed to the maximum time, geographic or scope limitations, as the case may be, then permitted by such law. In the event that the applicable court or arbitrator does not exercise the power granted to it in the prior sentence, I and the Company agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a valid and enforceable term or provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable term. 
 8. Notification of New Employer 
 In the event that I leave the employ of the Company, I hereby grant consent to notification by the Company to my new employer about my obligations under this Agreement for two (2) years following termination of my employment. 
 9. Conflict of Interest Guidelines 
 I agree to diligently adhere to all policies of the Company, including the Company s insider trading policies and the Company s Conflict of Interest Guidelines. A copy of the Company s current 
 
 B-6 

Conflict of Interest Guidelines is attached as Exhibit B hereto, but I understand that these Conflict of Interest Guidelines may be revised from time to time during my employment. 
 10. Representations 
 Without limiting my obligations under Section 3.E above, I agree to execute any proper oath or verify any proper document required to carry out the terms of this Agreement. I represent and warrant that my performance of all the terms of this Agreement will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence information acquired by me in confidence or in trust prior to my employment by the Company. I hereby represent and warrant that I have not entered into, and I will not enter into, any oral or written agreement in conflict herewith. 
 11. Audit 
 I acknowledge that I have no reasonable expectation of privacy in any computer, technology system, email, handheld device, telephone, voicemail or documents that are used to conduct the business of the Company. All information, data and messages created, received, sent or stored in these systems are, at all times, the property of the Company. As such, the Company has the right to audit and search all such items and systems, without further notice to me, to ensure that the Company is licensed to use the software on the Company s devices in compliance with the Company s software licensing policies, to ensure compliance with the Company s policies, and for any other business-related purposes in the Company s sole discretion. I understand that I am not permitted to add any unlicensed, unauthorized or non-compliant applications to the Company s technology systems, including, without limitation, open source or free software not authorized by the Company, and that I shall refrain from copying unlicensed software onto the Company s technology systems or using non-licensed software or websites. I understand that it is my responsibility to comply with the Company s policies governing use of the Company s documents and the internet, email, telephone, and technology systems to which I will have access in connection with my employment. 
 I am aware that the Company has or may acquire software and systems that are capable of monitoring and recording all network traffic to and from any computer I may use. The Company reserves the right to access, review, copy and delete any of the information, data or messages accessed through these systems with or without notice to me and or in my absence. This includes, but is not limited to, all e-mail messages sent or received, all website visits, all chat sessions, all news group activity (including groups visited, messages read, and postings by me), and all file transfers into and out of the Company s internal networks. The Company further reserves the right to retrieve previously deleted messages from e-mail or voicemail and monitor usage of the Internet, including websites visited and any information I have downloaded. In addition, the Company may review Internet and technology systems activity and analyze usage patterns, and may choose to publicize this data to assure that technology systems are devoted to legitimate business purposes. 
 12. Arbitration and Equitable Relief 
 A. Arbitration . IN CONSIDERATION OF MY EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY, ITS PROMISE TO ARBITRATE ALL EMPLOYMENT-RELATED DISPUTES AND MY RECEIPT OF THE COMPENSATION, PAY RAISES AND OTHER BENEFITS PAID TO ME BY THE COMPANY AND MY PARTICIPATION IN THE SEVERANCE PLAN, AT PRESENT AND IN THE FUTURE, I AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL CONTROVERSIES, CLAIMS OR DISPUTES WITH ANYONE (INCLUDING THE COMPANY AND ANY EMPLOYEE, OFFICER, DIRECTOR, CONTRACTOR, STOCKHOLDER OR BENEFIT PLAN OF THE COMPANY, IN THEIR CAPACITY AS SUCH OR OTHERWISE), WHETHER BROUGHT ON AN INDIVIDUAL, GROUP, COLLECTIVE OR CLASS BASIS, ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR RESULTING FROM MY EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY OR THE TERMINATION OF MY EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY, INCLUDING ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SEVERANCE PLAN, SHALL BE SUBJECT TO BINDING ARBITRATION DISPUTES THAT I AGREE TO ARBITRATE, AND THEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, INCLUDE ANY STATUTORY CLAIMS UNDER LOCAL, STATE OR FEDERAL LAW, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CLAIMS UNDER TITLE VII OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1964, THE CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1991, THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990, THE AGE DISCRIMINATION IN 
 
 B-7 

EMPLOYMENT ACT OF 1967, THE OLDER WORKERS BENEFIT PROTECTION ACT, THE WORKER ADJUSTMENT AND RETRAINING NOTIFICATION ACT, THE FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT, THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT, THE NEW YORK STATE HUMAN RIGHTS LAW, THE NEW YORK CITY HUMAN RIGHTS LAW, IF APPLICABLE, THE NEW YORK LABOR CODE, THE NEW YORK WORKERS COMPENSATION LAW, CLAIMS OF HARASSMENT, DISCRIMINATION AND WRONGFUL TERMINATION, AND ANY STATUTORY OR COMMON LAW CLAIMS. I FURTHER UNDERSTAND THAT THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE ALSO APPLIES TO ANY DISPUTES THAT THE COMPANY MAY HAVE WITH ME. 
 B. Procedure . I AGREE THAT ANY ARBITRATION WILL BE ADMINISTERED BY THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION, INC. AAA ), PURSUANT TO ITS EMPLOYMENT ARBITRATION RULES & PROCEDURES (THE AAA RULES IN NEW YORK COUNTY, NEW YORK. I UNDERSTAND THAT THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION SHALL EACH PAY AN EQUAL SHARE OF THE COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH ARBITRATION, EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW IN WHICH EVENT THE COMPANY SHALL PAY SUCH COSTS AND EXPENSES I WOULD NOT OTHERWISE HAVE HAD TO PAY IF THE CLAIM HAD BEEN RESOLVED IN A COURT OF LAW. I FURTHER UNDERSTAND THAT EACH PARTY SHALL SEPARATELY PAY FOR ITS RESPECTIVE ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY, IF HE OR SHE DEEMS APPROPRIATE, AWARD REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY IN THE EVENT THE OPPOSING PARTY S CLAIM WAS SUBSTANTIALLY UNJUSTIFIED AND UNREASONABLE, EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW. I AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO DECIDE ANY MOTIONS BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY TO THE ARBITRATION, INCLUDING MOTIONS FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT AND OR ADJUDICATION, MOTIONS TO DISMISS, AND MOTIONS FOR CLASS CERTIFICATION, PRIOR TO ANY ARBITRATION HEARING. I ALSO AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO AWARD ANY REMEDIES AVAILABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW AND UNLESS PROHIBITED BY LAW, THE ARBITRATOR SHALL NOT HAVE THE POWER TO AWARD PUNITIVE DAMAGES. I AGREE THAT THE DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE IN WRITING. 
 C. Remedy . EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BY THE RULES OF THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION AND THIS AGREEMENT, ARBITRATION SHALL BE THE SOLE, EXCLUSIVE AND FINAL REMEDY FOR ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN ME AND THE COMPANY. ACCORDINGLY, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR BY THE RULES AND THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER I NOR THE COMPANY WILL BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE COURT ACTION REGARDING CLAIMS THAT ARE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION. 
 D. Availability of Injunctive Relief . IN ADDITION TO THE RIGHT UNDER THE RULES TO PETITION THE COURT FOR PROVISIONAL RELIEF, I AGREE THAT ANY PARTY MAY ALSO PETITION THE COURT FOR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF WHERE EITHER PARTY ALLEGES OR CLAIMS A VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENT REGARDING TRADE SECRETS, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, NON-COMPETITION, NON-SOLICITATION, NON-INTERFERENCE OR OTHER RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS. I UNDERSTAND THAT ANY BREACH OR THREATENED BREACH OF SUCH AN AGREEMENT WILL CAUSE IRREPARABLE INJURY AND THAT MONEY DAMAGES WILL NOT PROVIDE AN ADEQUATE REMEDY THEREFOR AND BOTH PARTIES HEREBY CONSENT TO THE ISSUANCE OF AN INJUNCTION. IN THE EVENT THE COMPANY HAS A GOOD FAITH BASIS FOR SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF, THE COMPANY SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER REASONABLE COSTS AND ATTORNEYS FEES. 
 E. Administrative Relief . I UNDERSTAND THAT THIS AGREEMENT DOES NOT PROHIBIT ME FROM PURSUING AN ADMINISTRATIVE CLAIM WITH A LOCAL, STATE OR FEDERAL ADMINISTRATIVE BODY OR GOVERNMENT AGENCY THAT IS AUTHORIZED TO ENFORCE OR ADMINISTER LAWS RELATED TO EMPLOYMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE NEW YORK STATE DIVISION OF HUMAN RIGHTS, THE NEW YORK CITY COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS (AS APPLICABLE), THE EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION, THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD OR THE 
 
 B-8 

WORKERS COMPENSATION BOARD. THIS AGREEMENT DOES, HOWEVER, PRECLUDE ME FROM PURSUING COURT ACTION REGARDING ANY SUCH CLAIM, EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY LAW. 
 F. Voluntary Nature of Agreement . I ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT I AM EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY AND WITHOUT ANY DURESS OR UNDUE INFLUENCE BY THE COMPANY OR ANYONE ELSE. I FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT I HAVE CAREFULLY READ THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT I HAVE ASKED ANY QUESTIONS NEEDED FOR ME TO UNDERSTAND THE TERMS, CONSEQUENCES, AND BINDING EFFECT OF THIS AGREEMENT AND FULLY UNDERSTAND IT, INCLUDING THAT I AM WAIVING MY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL. FINALLY, I AGREE THAT I HAVE BEEN PROVIDED AN OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF AN ATTORNEY OF MY CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT. 
 13. Protected Rights 
 I understand that nothing contained in this Agreement limits my ability to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local government agency or commission. I further understand that this Agreement does not limit my ability to communicate with any government agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any government agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company. This Agreement does not limit my right to receive an award for information provided to any government agencies. 
 14. Miscellaneous 
 A. Governing Law Consent to Personal Jurisdiction . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to Delaware s conflicts of law rules that may result in the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than Delaware. To the extent that any lawsuit is permitted under this Agreement, I hereby expressly consent to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in New York for any lawsuit filed against me by the Company. 
 B. Assignability . This Agreement will be binding upon my heirs, executors, assigns, administrators, and other legal representatives, and will be for the benefit of the Company, its successors, and its assigns provided, however, that neither party shall assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights, obligations or privileges (by operation of law or otherwise) hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any successor to all or substantially all of the Company s relevant assets, whether by merger, consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, sale of assets or stock or otherwise. Any attempted assignment, delegation or other transfer in violation of this Section 13.B shall be null and void. There are no intended third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement, except as may be expressly otherwise stated. 
 C. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Exhibits herein, the Severance Plan and any executed written offer letter between me and the Company, to the extent such materials are not in conflict with this Agreement, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and me with respect to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior written and oral agreements, discussions or representations between us, including, but not limited to, any representations made during my interview(s) or relocation negotiations. I represent and warrant that I am not relying on any statement or representation not contained in this Agreement. Any subsequent change or changes in my duties, salary or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement. 
 D. Headings . Headings are used in this Agreement for reference only and shall not be considered when interpreting this Agreement. 
 E. Severability . If a court or other body of competent jurisdiction finds, or the Parties mutually believe, any provision of this Agreement, or portion thereof, to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the Parties, and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect. 
 
 B-9 

F. Modification, Waiver. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in a writing signed by the President or CEO of the Company and me. Waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement will not operate as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. 
 G. Survivorship. The rights and obligations of the parties to this Agreement will survive termination of my employment with the Company. 
 (SIGNATURE PAGE TO VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AND ARBITRATION AGREEMENT) 

B-10 

EXHIBIT A LIST OF PRIOR INVENTIONS AND ORIGINAL WORKS OF AUTHORSHIP 
 Title Date Identifying Number or Brief Description 

If no inventions or improvements leave blank and sign below. 
 Additional Sheets Attached 
 
 Name 
 Date _______________________ 
 
 EXHIBIT B VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. CONFLICT OF INTEREST GUIDELINES 
 
 B-11 

It is the policy of Varonis Systems, Inc. to conduct its affairs in strict compliance with the letter and spirit of the law and to adhere to the highest principles of business ethics. Accordingly, all officers, employees and independent contractors must avoid activities that are in conflict, or give the appearance of being in conflict, with these principles and with the interests of the Company. The following are potentially compromising situations that must be avoided 
 1. Revealing confidential information to outsiders or misusing confidential information. Unauthorized divulging of information is a violation of this policy whether or not for personal gain and whether or not harm to the Company is intended. (The At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement elaborates on this principle and is a binding agreement.) 
 2. Accepting or offering substantial gifts, excessive entertainment, favors or payments that may be deemed to constitute undue influence or otherwise be improper or embarrassing to the Company. 
 3. Participating in civic or professional organizations that might involve divulging confidential information of the Company. 
 4. Initiating or approving personnel actions affecting reward or punishment of employees or applicants where there is a family relationship or is or appears to be a personal or social involvement. 
 5. Initiating or approving any form of personal or social harassment of employees. 
 6. Investing or holding outside directorship in suppliers, customers or competing companies, including financial speculations, where such investment or directorship might influence in any manner a decision or course of action of the Company. 
 7. Borrowing from or lending to employees, customers or suppliers. 
 8. Acquiring real estate of interest to the Company. 
 9. Improperly using or disclosing to the Company any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former or concurrent employer or other person or entity with whom obligations of confidentiality exist. 
 10. Unlawfully discussing prices, costs, customers, sales or markets with competing companies or their employees. 
 11. Making any unlawful agreement with distributors with respect to prices. 
 12. Improperly using or authorizing the use of any inventions that are the subject of patent claims of any other person or entity. 
 13. Engaging in any conduct that is not in the best interest of the Company. 
 Each officer, employee, and independent contractor must take every necessary action to ensure compliance with these guidelines and to bring problem areas to the attention of higher management for review. Violations of this conflict of interest policy may result in discharge without warning. 

B-12 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.16>
 4
 vrnsq420221016.htm
 EX-10.16

vrnsq420221016 

March 12, 2021 Dov Gottlieb, Esq. Dear Dov: Varonis Systems, Inc. (the Company is pleased to offer you the position of Vice President General Counsel of the Company. This letter embodies the terms of our offer of employment to you (the Offer Agreement ). You will commence employment with the Company on or about the date that is thirty (30) days following the date that you provide notice of your intention to withdraw from the law firm at which you are currently a partner, which notice to withdraw shall be provided by you within two (2) business days following the date of execution of this Offer Agreement (such employment start date, the Start Date ). Your principal place of employment will be the Company s headquarters in New York City, New York; however, you acknowledge and agree that the performance of your duties hereunder may require domestic and international travel and you agree to perform such travel as may be necessary to fulfill your duties hereunder. You may work remotely in accordance with Company policy in effect from time to time. As Vice President General Counsel, you will report directly to Guy Melamed, the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (the CFO/COO ), or his successor in such positions, but this reporting relationship may be changed by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board from time to time in its sole discretion. This position is a full-time position. You shall also render such services as may be reasonably required with respect to the Company s subsidiaries and affiliates. You shall devote all of your working time and use your best efforts to promote the interests of the Company during your employment. You agree that you will not assume, directly or indirectly, any additional professional obligations unrelated to the Company whether or not such obligation is rendered for any gain or you receive any compensation therefrom. You shall use your best efforts to protect the good name of the Company and shall not perform any act that may bring the Company into disrepute. You agree that you shall immediately notify the Company of any actual or potential personal interest in any of the Company s businesses or of any conflict of interest that may arise with respect to your employment with the Company. You shall not, directly or indirectly, accept any commission, rebate, discount, or gratuity, in cash or in kind, from any third party which has or is likely to have a business relationship with the Company. You will be indemnified for your services hereunder in accordance with Company policy in effect from time to time. Your base salary will be 20,833.33 per pay period, which calculates to an annualized amount of 500,000 per year (the Annual Base Salary ), which will be paid semi-monthly in arrears in accordance with the Company s normal payroll procedures and will be subject to the usual, required withholding. In addition, you will be eligible to receive an annual bonus of 200,000 conditional on meeting the Company s goals as well as the personal annual goals to be determined by the Company (i) as soon as practicable after the start of your employment and (ii) after the start of each calendar year after 2021, prorated for calendar year 2021 (based on the number of days that you are employed during calendar year 2021 divided by 365). Your DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 2 of 21 entitlement to the Annual Bonus shall be conditioned on you remaining continuously employed through the date of payment of the Annual Bonus, which shall be paid within thirty (30) days following the Board meeting approving the Company s Form 10-K for the calendar year in respect of which such Annual Bonus payment has been earned. Your Annual Base Salary and Annual Bonus will be subject to annual review for potential adjustment by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee ). As part of your employment, the Company is offering you to be a part of its success in the future by granting you restricted stock units RSUs of the Company to be awarded pursuant to the 2013 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee at the first meeting of the Compensation Committee following the Start Date. The number of RSUs that will be granted to you (the Initial Grant shall be equal to a total gross value on the grant date of 4,500,000 divided by the higher of: (i) Varonis share price at the close of business COB on the grant date; or (ii) 70 of the Company s share price at the COB on the date your Offer Agreement was signed by the Company and you. Subject to your continued employment with the Company, at the first meeting of the Compensation Committee following each of the first and second anniversaries of the Start Date, you will be granted RSUs with each such grant having a value of 2,700,000 as determined by the Compensation Committee (collectively, the Subsequent Grants ). Each grant of the RSUs will be subject to four years ratable vesting commencing on such date as determined by the Compensation Committee, as well as other terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and in the standard RSU agreement to be executed by you at the time of each grant, which will govern your rights and obligations with respect to such awards. If you are involuntarily terminated by the Company without Cause at any time before you are fully vested in the Initial Grant, the then unvested portion of the Initial Grant shall be fully and immediately vested upon such termination of employment. If you are involuntarily terminated by the Company (or its successor) without Cause at any time within twelve months following a Change in Control (as such term is defined in the Plan), you shall be fully and immediately vested in the unvested portion of the Subsequent Grants upon such termination of employment. If you terminate your employment with the Company for Good Reason, 25 of your Initial Grant shall be fully and immediately vested upon such termination of employment (in addition to any portion of the Initial Grant already vested prior to such date of termination). For the avoidance of doubt, you will not receive additional vesting with respect to the Subsequent Grants by reason of a termination for Good Reason. For the purposes of this agreement, Cause means (i) an act of dishonesty made by you in connection with your responsibilities as an employee which is materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of the Company; (ii) your conviction of or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or any crime involving fraud, embezzlement or any other act of moral turpitude; (iii) your gross misconduct; (iv) your willful unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company; (v) your willful and material violation of any written policies of the Company; (vi) your material breach of any obligations under any material written agreement or covenant with the Company; or (vii) your continued failure to perform your employment duties after you have received a written demand for performance from the Company which specifically sets forth the factual basis for the Company s belief that you have not substantially performed your duties. DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 3 of 21 For the purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means the occurrence, without your express prior written consent, of any of the following circumstances, unless such circumstances are corrected by the Company within thirty (30) days following written notification by you (which written notice must be delivered within thirty (30) days following the date you become aware of the occurrence of such circumstances) that you intend to terminate your employment for one of the reasons set forth below: (i) any material reduction in your title, duties, authorities, or responsibilities; (ii) any material breach by the Company of any agreement between the Company and you; (iii) any material reduction in your Annual Base Salary (including, once your Annual Base Salary is increased, any material reduction in your Annual Base Salary below such increased amount) other than, in each case, an across-the-board reduction that applies to all employees or solely to senior executives of the Company; or (iv) any relocation of your principal place of employment to a location more than fifty (50) miles outside of the Company s headquarters in New York, New York. We will reimburse you for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by you in furtherance of our business in accordance with Company policy in effect from time to time. All expenses claimed are subject to the review and approval of the COO/CFO. As an employee of the Company, you will be eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans currently and hereafter maintained by the Company of general applicability to other employees of the Company, including, without limitation, medical, dental, and other benefits such as a 401(k) plan and the Company s vacation/ paid time off policy. You should note that the Company may modify or terminate benefits from time to time as it deems necessary or appropriate. As a Company employee, you shall abide by all Company rules, policies and procedures. You shall as a condition of employment sign and comply with the attached Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement which requires, among other provisions, the assignment of patent rights to any invention made during your employment at the Company and non-disclosure of proprietary information. We also ask that, if you have not already done so, you disclose to the Company any and all agreements relating to your prior employment that may affect your eligibility to be employed by the Company or limit the manner in which you may be employed. It is the Company s understanding that any such agreements will not prevent you from performing the duties of your position and you represent that such is the case. Moreover, you agree that, during the term of your employment with the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, occupation, consulting, or other business activity directly related to the business in which the Company is now involved or becomes involved during the term of your employment, nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your obligations to the Company unless otherwise expressly agreed to hereunder or as otherwise agreed in writing by the Board. Similarly, you agree not to bring any third-party confidential information to the Company, including that of your former employer, and that you will not in any way utilize any such information in performing your duties for the Company. We wish to advise you that our benefits, payroll, and other human resource management services are provided through Insperity, Inc., a professional employer organization. As a result of our arrangement with Insperity, Insperity will be considered your employer of record for these DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 4 of 21 purposes and your managers here at the Company will be responsible for reviewing your performance, setting your schedule, and otherwise directing your work at the Company. This offer is subject to your submission of an I-9 form and satisfactory documentation respecting your identification and right to work in the United States of America on your first day of employment. The Company reserves the right to conduct background investigations and/or reference checks on all of its potential employees. Your job offer, therefore, is contingent upon a clearance of such a background investigation and/or reference check, if any. If you do not pass the background check, this offer of employment will be rescinded and your employment will be terminated immediately without additional compensation, subject to applicable law. In addition, you hereby authorize the Company to use, reuse, and to grant others the right to use and reuse your name, photograph, likeness (including caricature), voice, biographical information, and any reproduction or simulation thereof, in any media now known or hereafter developed (including but not limited to film, video, and digital, or other electronic media), both during and after your employment, for purposes relating to the Company s business. Your employment with the Company is an at-will relationship. As an at-will employee, you may terminate your employment at any time, for any or no reason with notice to the Company, upon eight (8) weeks advance written notice. The Company may terminate your employment at any time, for any or no reason, with or without cause, or advance notice. As an employee, you may receive from the Company, from time to time, certain equipment and materials, such as a laptop computer, to be used by you in connection with your employment. You are required to keep such materials and equipment in a proper operating condition and use them with reasonable care. Upon termination of your employment you are required to return any and all such materials and equipment provided to you. In the event you fail to do so until the effective date of your termination, or at any time during your employment if the materials and/or equipment are damaged beyond the expected wear caused by regular, careful and reasonable use, the Company shall be allowed to set-off the cost of replacing and/or fixing such materials and/or equipment from any otherwise due amount the Company may owe you. The terms and conditions of employment set forth in this Offer Agreement including the at will employment arrangement described above set forth the terms of your employment with the Company and supersedes all our prior written and oral communication with you regarding employment with the Company and can only be modified by written agreement signed by the Company. You agree that you shall not disparage the Company, its directors or senior executive officers at any time during employment with the Company or thereafter. The foregoing shall not prevent you from testifying truthfully in any legal proceeding or government investigation or from providing performance reviews of colleagues if requested by the Company. During employment and thereafter, you shall no oppose, except on the basis of privilege, any judicial subpoena requesting you make yourself reasonably available to provide cooperation to DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 5 of 21 the Company in connection with any legal proceeding or government investigation in which you have knowledge based upon your services rendered for or on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates during your employment. The Company shall reimburse you for all expenses (including travel and lodging, if applicable) reasonably incurred in connection with providing such cooperation provided that you obtain advance approval in writing from the Company and provide documentation satisfactory to the Company of the expenses so incurred. If you wish to accept employment with the Company under the terms set out above, please sign and date this Offer Agreement and Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement prior to March 16, 2021. If we do not receive your reply by the date as indicated, this offer is automatically rescinded. If you accept our offer, your first day of employment will be as noted above. Sincerely, [ Varonis Systems, Inc. By:_______________ Title:______________ Agreed and Accepted ________________________________________candidate-sign__ Dov Gottlieb [candidate-sign-date-1] Date: March ___, 2021 DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 12 CHRO 

Page 6 of 21 VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AND ARBITRATION AGREEMENT As a condition of my employment with Varonis Systems, Inc., its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns (together, the Company ), and in consideration of my employment with the Company and my receipt of the compensation now and hereafter paid to me by the Company, I agree to the following provisions of this Varonis Systems, Inc. At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement (this Agreement ), subject to the terms of the Offer Agreement entered into on this same day, which terms shall control in the event of a conflict: 1. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING THE CONSEQUENCES OF MY TERMINATION AS SET FORTH IN MY OFFER AGREEMENT, I UNDERSTAND AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT MY EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY IS FOR NO SPECIFIED TERM AND CONSTITUTES AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT. I ALSO UNDERSTAND THAT ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS UNAUTHORIZED AND NOT VALID UNLESS IN WRITING AND SIGNED BY THE PRESIDENT OR CEO OF VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. ACCORDINGLY, I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT MY EMPLOYMENT RELATIONSHIP MAY BE TERMINATED AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT GOOD CAUSE OR FOR ANY OR NO CAUSE, AT MY OPTION OR AT THE OPTION OF THE COMPANY, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE. I FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE COMPANY MAY MODIFY JOB TITLES, RESPONSIBILITIES, SALARIES AND BENEFITS FROM TIME TO TIME AS IT DEEMS NECESSARY IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION. 2. CONFIDENTIALITY A. Definition of Confidential Information. I understand that Company Confidential Information means information that the Company has or will develop, acquire, create, compile, discover or own, that has value in or to the Company s business which is not generally known and which the Company wishes to maintain as confidential. Company Confidential Information includes both information disclosed by the Company to me, and information developed or learned by me during the course of my employment with Company. Company Confidential Information also includes all information of which the unauthorized disclosure could be detrimental to the interests of Company, whether or not such information is identified as Company Confidential Information. By example, and without limitation, Company Confidential Information includes any and all non-public information that relates to the actual or anticipated business and/or products, research or development of the Company, or to the Company s technical data or know-how, including, but not limited to, research, product plans or other information regarding the Company s products or services and markets therefor, customer lists and customers (including, but not limited to, customers of the Company on which I called or with which I may become acquainted during the term of my employment), any information about employment conditions, employees, contractors or services providers, recruitment and retention policies, software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, marketing, finances, and other business DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 7 of 21 information disclosed by the Company either directly or indirectly in writing, orally or by drawings or inspection of premises, parts, equipment or other Company property. Confidential Information also includes, to the extent not included in the foregoing, all trade secrets of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company Confidential Information shall not include any such information which I can establish (i) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure by Company to me; (ii) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure by Company to me through no wrongful action or omission by me; or (iii) is in my rightful possession, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure by Company as shown by my then-contemporaneous written records. I understand that nothing in this Agreement is intended to limit employees rights to discuss the terms, wages and working conditions of their employment, as protected by applicable law. B. Nonuse and Nondisclosure. I agree that during and after my employment with the Company, I will hold in the strictest confidence, and take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of Company Confidential Information, and I will not (i) use the Company Confidential Information for any purpose whatsoever other than for the benefit of the Company in the course of my employment, or (ii) disclose the Company Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written authorization of the President, CEO or the Board of Directors of the Company. Prior to disclosure when compelled by applicable law; I shall provide prior written notice to the President, CEO and General Counsel of the Company (as applicable). I agree that I obtain no title to any Company Confidential Information, and that as between the Company and myself, the Company retains all Confidential Information as the sole property of the Company I understand that my unauthorized use or disclosure of Company Confidential Information during my employment may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including immediate termination and legal action by the Company. To protect the Company s legitimate business interests, I understand that my obligations under this Section 2.B shall continue after termination of my employment and shall only terminate, with respect to particular Company Confidential Information, upon the earlier of (1) the date on which such information ceases to constitute Company Confidential Information under Section 2.A, and (2) with respect only to Company Confidential Information that does not constitute or ceases to constitute (through no wrongful action or omission by me) a trade secret under applicable law, thirty-six (36) months after termination of my employment. I understand that under applicable law, a trade secret includes, without limitation, any formula, pattern, device or compilation of information which is used in the Company s business, and which gives Company an advantage or an opportunity to obtain an advantage, over competitors who do not know or use such information. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or otherwise affect the statutory protection given to trade secrets or the applicability of state trade secret law. C. Former Employer Confidential Information. I agree that during my employment with the Company, I will not improperly use, disclose or induce the Company to use any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former employer or other person or entity with which I have an obligation to keep in confidence. I further agree that I will not bring onto the Company s premises or transfer onto the Company s technology systems any unpublished document, proprietary information or trade secrets belonging to any such third party unless disclosure to, and use by, the Company has been consented to in writing by such third party. D. Third Party Information. I recognize that the Company has received and in the future will receive from third parties associated with the Company, e.g., the Company s DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 8 of 21 customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, partners or collaborators Associated Third Parties ), their confidential or proprietary information Associated Third Party Confidential Information subject to a duty on the Company s part to maintain the confidentiality of such Associated Third Party Confidential Information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. By way of example, Associated Third Party Confidential Information may include the habits or practices of Associated Third Parties, the technology of Associated Third Parties, requirements of Associated Third Parties, and information related to the business conducted between the Company and such Associated Third Parties. I agree at all times during my employment with the Company and thereafter, that I owe the Company and its Associated Third Parties a duty to hold all such Associated Third Party Confidential Information in the strictest confidence, and not to use it or to disclose it to any person, firm, corporation or other third party except as necessary in carrying out my work for the Company consistent with the Company s agreement with such Associated Third Parties. I further agree to comply with any and all Company policies and guidelines that may be adopted from time to time regarding Associated Third Parties and Associated Third Party Confidential Information. I understand that my unauthorized use or disclosure of Associated Third Party Confidential Information or violation of any Company policies during my employment may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including immediate termination and legal action by the Company. E. Defend Trade Secrets Act Claim Disclosure. This Agreement requires me to protect the Company Confidential Information against unauthorized disclosure. Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, I may be authorized to disclose confidential, proprietary and trade secret information in two limited circumstances. First, an individual may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: in confidence to a federal, state or local official, either directly or indirectly, or to any attorney and such disclosure is made: (i) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a law suit or other proceeding if such filing is made under seal. Second, an individual may disclose trade secret information to an attorney for the purpose of filing a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation or law provided that any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and the trade secret is not disclosed, except pursuant to court order. All other unauthorized disclosures are expressly prohibited without the Company s consent. 3. OWNERSHIP A. Assignment of Inventions. As between the Company and myself, I agree that all right, title, and interest in and to any and copyrightable material, notes, records, drawings, designs, inventions, improvements, developments, discoveries and trade secrets conceived, discovered, authored, invented, developed or reduced to practice by me, solely or in collaboration with others, during the period of time I am in the employ of the Company (including during my off-duty hours), or with the use of the Company s equipment, supplies, facilities or Company Confidential Information, and any copyrights, patents, trade secrets, mask work rights or other intellectual property rights relating to the foregoing (collectively, Inventions ), are the sole property of the Company. I also agree to promptly make full written disclosure to the Company of any Inventions, and to deliver and assign and hereby irrevocably assign fully to the Company all of my right, title and interest in and to Inventions. I agree that this assignment includes a present conveyance to the Company of ownership of Inventions that are not yet in existence. I further DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 9 of 21 acknowledge that all original works of authorship that are made by me (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of and during the period of my employment with the Company and that are protectable by copyright are works made for hire, as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act. I understand and agree that the decision whether or not to commercialize or market any Inventions is within the Company s sole discretion and for the Company s sole benefit, and that no royalty or other consideration will be due to me as a result of the Company s efforts to commercialize or market any such Inventions. B. Pre-Existing Materials. I have attached hereto as Exhibit A, a list describing all inventions, discoveries, original works of authorship, developments, improvements, and trade secrets that were conceived in whole or in part by me prior to my employment with the Company and to which I have any right, title or interest and which relate to the Company s proposed business, products or research and development Prior Inventions or, if no such list is attached, I represent and warrant that there are no such Prior Inventions. Furthermore, I represent and warrant that if any Prior Inventions are included on Exhibit A, they will not materially affect my ability to perform all obligations under this Agreement. I will inform the Company in writing before incorporating such Prior Inventions into any Invention or otherwise utilizing such Prior Invention in the course of my employment with the Company, and the Company is hereby granted a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable worldwide license (with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses) to make, have made, use, import, offer for sale, sell, reproduce, distribute, modify, adapt, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise exploit such Prior Inventions, without restriction, including, without limitation, as part of or in connection with such Invention, and to practice any method related thereto. I will not incorporate any invention, improvement, development, concept, discovery, work of authorship or other proprietary information owned by any third party into any Invention without the Company s prior written permission. C. Moral Rights. Any assignment to the Company of Inventions includes all rights of attribution, paternity, integrity, modification, disclosure and withdrawal, and any other rights throughout the world that may be known as or referred to as moral rights, artist s rights, droit moral, or the like (collectively, Moral Rights ). To the extent that Moral Rights cannot be assigned under applicable law, I hereby waive and agree not to enforce any and all Moral Rights, including, without limitation, any limitation on subsequent modification, to the extent permitted under applicable law. D. Maintenance of Records. I agree to keep and maintain adequate, current, accurate, and authentic written records of all Inventions made by me (solely or jointly with others) during the term of my employment with the Company. The records will be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, electronic files, reports or any other format that may be specified by the Company. As between the Company and myself, the records are and will be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times. E. Further Assurances. I agree to assist the Company, or its designee, at the Company s expense, in every proper way to secure the Company s rights in the Inventions in any and all countries, including the disclosure to the Company of all pertinent information and data with respect thereto, the execution of all applications, specifications, oaths, assignments, and all other instruments that the Company shall deem proper or necessary in order to apply for, register, obtain, maintain, defend, and enforce such rights, and in order to deliver, assign and convey to the DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 10 of 21 Company, its successors, assigns, and nominees the sole and exclusive rights, title, and interest in and to all Inventions, and testifying in a suit or other proceeding relating to such Inventions. I further agree that my obligations under this Section 3.E shall continue after the termination of this Agreement. F. Attorney-in-Fact. I agree that, if the Company is unable because of my unavailability, mental or physical incapacity or for any other reason to secure my signature with respect to any Inventions, including, without limitation, for the purpose of applying for or pursuing any application for any United States or foreign patents or mask work or copyright registrations covering the Inventions assigned to the Company in Section 3.A, then I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and on my behalf to execute and file any papers and oaths, and to do all other lawfully permitted acts with respect to such Inventions to further the prosecution and issuance of patents, copyright and mask work registrations with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me. This power of attorney shall be deemed coupled with an interest, and shall be irrevocable. 4. CONFLICTING OBLIGATIONS A. Current Obligations. I agree that during the term of my employment with the Company, I will not engage in or undertake any other employment, occupation, consulting relationship or commitment that is directly related to the business in which the Company is now involved or becomes involved or has plans to become involved, nor will I engage in any other activities that conflict with my obligations to the Company. B. Prior Relationships. Without limiting Section 4.A, I represent and warrant that I have no other agreements, relationships or commitments to any other person or entity that conflict with the provisions of this Agreement, my obligations to the Company under this Agreement or my ability to become employed and perform the services for which I am being hired by the Company. I further agree that if I have signed a confidentiality agreement or similar type of agreement with any former employer or other entity, I will comply with the terms of any such agreement to the extent that its terms are lawful under applicable law. I represent and warrant that after undertaking a careful search (including searches of my computers, cell phones, electronic devices, and documents), I have returned all property and confidential information belonging to all prior employers (and/or other third parties I have performed services for in accordance with the terms of my applicable agreement). Moreover, I agree to fully indemnify the Company, its directors, officers, agents, employees, investors, stockholders, administrators, affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries, predecessor and successor corporations, and assigns for all verdicts, judgments, settlements, and other losses incurred by any of them resulting from my breach of my obligations under any agreement with a third party to which I am a party or obligation to which I am bound, as well as any reasonable attorneys fees and costs if the plaintiff is the prevailing party in such an action, except as prohibited by law. 5. RETURN OF COMPANY MATERIALS Upon separation from employment with the Company, on the Company s earlier request during my employment, or at any time subsequent to my employment upon demand from the Company, I will immediately deliver to the Company, and will not keep in my possession, recreate DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 11 of 21 or deliver to anyone else, any and all Company property, including, but not limited to, Company Confidential Information, Associated Third Party Confidential Information, all devices and equipment belonging to the Company (including computers, handheld electronic devices, telephone equipment, and other electronic devices), all tangible embodiments of the Inventions, all electronically stored information and passwords to access such property, Company credit cards, records, data, notes, notebooks, reports, files, proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, drawings, blueprints, sketches, materials, photographs, charts, any other documents and property, and reproductions of any of the foregoing items, including, without limitation, those records maintained pursuant to Section 3.D. I also consent to an exit interview to confirm my compliance with this Section 5. 6. TERMINATION CERTIFICATION Upon separation from employment with the Company, I agree to immediately sign and deliver to the Company the Termination Certification attached hereto as Exhibit B. I also agree to keep the Company advised of my home and business address for a period of three (3) years after termination of my employment with the Company, so that the Company can contact me regarding my continuing obligations provided by this Agreement. 7. COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE AND NO SOLICITATION A. Covenant Not to Compete. I agree that during the course of my employment and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following my termination of employment for any reason, whether such termination is initiated by the Company or me, I will not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company, whether paid or not: (i) serve as a partner, principal, licensor, licensee, employee, consultant, contractor, officer, director, manager, agent, affiliate, representative, advisor, promoter, associate, investor, creditor or otherwise in any other capacity for, (ii) own, purchase, organize, or take preparatory steps for the organization or competition of, or (iii) build, design, finance, acquire, lease, operate, manage, control, invest in, advise, work or consult for or otherwise join, participate in or affiliate myself with, any business whose business, products or operations are in any respect competitive (including by planning or proposing to be competitive) with or otherwise similar to the Company's business; provided that this undertaking shall not preclude me from owning a stock interest not greater than 2 in a publicly traded company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Company has acknowledged to me that I may serve as a general counsel for another employer in the Company s industry following my termination of employment with the Company provided that I do not do so for one of the Company s direct competitors which have been most recently identified to me by the Company in writing prior to the date that notice of termination of employment is given either by the Company or me. The foregoing covenant shall cover my activities in every part of the world. Should I obtain other employment during my employment with the Company or within twelve (12) months immediately following the termination of my relationship with the Company, I agree to provide written notification to the Company as to the name and address of my new employer, the position that I expect to hold, and a general description of my duties and responsibilities, at least five (5) business days prior to starting such employment. B. No Solicitation and No Interference. DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 12 of 21 (1) Non-Solicitation of Customers. I agree that during the course of my employment and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following my termination of employment for any reason, whether such termination is initiated by the Company or me, I shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company, contact, or cause to be contacted, or engage in any form of oral, verbal, written, recorded, transcribed or electronic communication with any Customer for the purposes of conducting business that is competitive or similar to that of the Company or for the purpose of disadvantaging the Company s business in any way. For the purposes of this Agreement, Customer shall mean all persons or entities that have used, inquired of or been solicited by me for the Company s services at any time during the two-year period preceding the termination of my employment with the Company or about whom I have learned material non-public information. I further acknowledge and agree that the identity of the Customers is not readily ascertainable or discoverable through public sources, and that the Company s list of Customers was cultivated with great effort and secured through the expenditure of considerable time and money by the Company. (2) Non-Solicitation of Employees and Contractors. I agree that during the course of my employment and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following my termination of employment for any reason, whether such termination is initiated by the Company or me, I shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company, whether or not such action is initiated by me: (i) solicit, encourage or attempt to solicit or encourage any employee or contractor of the Company to terminate such work relationship, (ii) solicit, encourage or attempt to solicit or encourage any employee or contractor of the Company to be employed by or provide services to any person or entity other than the Company, or (iii) hire, employ or engage any employee or contractor of the Company to work for a person or entity other than the Company. The foregoing obligations shall apply to any employee or contractor of the Company at the time my employment is terminated as well as any such individuals who, either coincident with or within twelve (12) months before the termination of my employment hereunder, terminated their employment or engagement with the Company. (3) Non-Interference With Business Relations. I agree that during the course of my employment and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the termination of my employment for any reason, whether such termination is initiated by the Company or me, I will not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company, whether or not such action is initiated by me: (i) do anything or attempt to do anything to discredit or otherwise injure the reputation or goodwill of the Company; (ii) solicit, induce, encourage or attempt to solicit, induce or encourage any party or any existing or prospective counterparty including, but not limited to, any franchisee, joint venture, supplier, vendor, contractor, advertiser, customer, employee, distributor, manufacturer or any other existing or prospective professional or business relation of the Company to not conduct business with the Company, divert away any business from the Company, or to cease, limit or reduce the level of business conducted between such business relation and the Company; or (iii) in any way interfere or attempt to interfere with the Company's relationship with any party or existing or prospective counterparty, including, but not limited to, any franchisee, joint venture, supplier, vendor, contractor, advertiser, customer, employee, distributor, manufacturer or any other existing or prospective professional or business relation of the Company. C. Acknowledgements. I acknowledge and agree that (1) the business in which the Company is engaged is intensely competitive, (2) my employment by the Company will DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 13 of 21 require me to have access to, and knowledge of, Company Confidential Information, which is of vital importance to the success of the Company, (3) I will derive significant value from the Company s agreement to provide me with Company Confidential Information to enable me to optimize the performance of my duties to the Company, (4) the disclosure or improper use of any Company Confidential Information could place the Company at a serious competitive disadvantage and could do it serious damage, financial and otherwise, (5) I will develop relationships with clients and business partners at the time and expense of the Company, (6) by my training, experience and expertise, my services to the Company are extraordinary, special and unique, (7) my fulfillment of the obligations contained in this Agreement is necessary to protect the Company Confidential Information and, consequently, to preserve the value and goodwill of the Company, (8) the time, geographic and scope limitations of my restrictive covenant obligations are fair and reasonable in all respects, especially in light of the Company s need to protect Company Confidential Information and the international scope and nature of the Company s business, and (9) I will not be precluded from gainful employment by abiding by the restrictions in this Agreement. D. Separate Covenants; Reformation. The covenants contained in subsections (A) and (B) above shall be construed as a series of separate covenants, one for each country, city, county and state of any geographic area in the world. Except for geographic coverage, each such separate covenant shall be deemed identical in terms to the covenant contained in subsections (A) and (B) above. If, in any judicial or arbitral proceeding, a court or arbitrator refuses to enforce any of such separate covenants (or any part thereof), then such unenforceable covenant (or such part) shall be eliminated from this Agreement to the extent necessary to permit the remaining separate covenants (or portions thereof) to be enforced. In the event that the provisions of subsections (A) and (B) above are deemed to exceed the time, geographic or scope limitations permitted by applicable law, then such provisions shall be reformed to the maximum time, geographic or scope limitations, as the case may be, then permitted by such law. In the event that the applicable court or arbitrator does not exercise the power granted to it in the prior sentence, I and the Company agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a valid and enforceable term or provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable term. 8. NOTIFICATION OF NEW EMPLOYER In the event that I leave the employ of the Company, I hereby grant consent to notification by the Company to my new employer about my obligations under this Agreement for two (2) years following termination of my employment. 9. CONFLICT OF INTEREST GUIDELINES I agree to diligently adhere to all policies of the Company, including the Company s insider trading policies and the Company s Conflict of Interest Guidelines. A copy of the Company s current Conflict of Interest Guidelines is attached as Exhibit C hereto, but I understand that these Conflict of Interest Guidelines may be revised from time to time during my employment. 10. REPRESENTATIONS DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 14 of 21 Without limiting my obligations under Section 3.E above, I agree to execute any proper oath or verify any proper document required to carry out the terms of this Agreement. I represent and warrant that my performance of all the terms of this Agreement will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence information acquired by me in confidence or in trust prior to my employment by the Company. I hereby represent and warrant that I have not entered into, and I will not enter into, any oral or written agreement in conflict herewith. 11. AUDIT I acknowledge that I have no reasonable expectation of privacy in any computer, technology system, email, handheld device, telephone, voicemail or documents that are used to conduct the business of the Company. All information, data and messages created, received, sent or stored in these systems are, at all times, the property of the Company. As such, the Company has the right to audit and search all such items and systems, without further notice to me, to ensure that the Company is licensed to use the software on the Company s devices in compliance with the Company s software licensing policies, to ensure compliance with the Company s policies, and for any other business-related purposes in the Company s sole discretion. I understand that I am not permitted to add any unlicensed, unauthorized or non-compliant applications to the Company s technology systems, including, without limitation, open source or free software not authorized by the Company, and that I shall refrain from copying unlicensed software onto the Company s technology systems or using non-licensed software or websites. I understand that it is my responsibility to comply with the Company s policies governing use of the Company s documents and the internet, email, telephone, and technology systems to which I will have access in connection with my employment. I am aware that the Company has or may acquire software and systems that are capable of monitoring and recording all network traffic to and from any computer I may use. The Company reserves the right to access, review, copy and delete any of the information, data or messages accessed through these systems with or without notice to me and/or in my absence. This includes, but is not limited to, all e-mail messages sent or received, all website visits, all chat sessions, all news group activity (including groups visited, messages read, and postings by me), and all file transfers into and out of the Company s internal networks. The Company further reserves the right to retrieve previously deleted messages from e-mail or voicemail and monitor usage of the Internet, including websites visited and any information I have downloaded. In addition, the Company may review Internet and technology systems activity and analyze usage patterns, and may choose to publicize this data to assure that technology systems are devoted to legitimate business purposes. 12. ARBITRATION AND EQUITABLE RELIEF A. Arbitration. IN CONSIDERATION OF MY EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY, ITS PROMISE TO ARBITRATE ALL EMPLOYMENT-RELATED DISPUTES AND MY RECEIPT OF THE COMPENSATION, PAY RAISES AND OTHER BENEFITS PAID TO ME BY THE COMPANY, AT PRESENT AND IN THE FUTURE, I AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL CONTROVERSIES, CLAIMS OR DISPUTES WITH ANYONE (INCLUDING THE COMPANY AND ANY EMPLOYEE, OFFICER, DIRECTOR, CONTRACTOR, STOCKHOLDER OR BENEFIT PLAN OF THE COMPANY, IN THEIR CAPACITY AS SUCH OR OTHERWISE), WHETHER BROUGHT ON AN INDIVIDUAL, GROUP, COLLECTIVE OR CLASS BASIS, ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 15 of 21 RESULTING FROM MY EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY OR THE TERMINATION OF MY EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY, INCLUDING ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, SHALL BE SUBJECT TO BINDING ARBITRATION DISPUTES THAT I AGREE TO ARBITRATE, AND THEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, INCLUDE ANY STATUTORY CLAIMS UNDER LOCAL, STATE OR FEDERAL LAW, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CLAIMS UNDER TITLE VII OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1964, THE CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1991, THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990, THE AGE DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOYMENT ACT OF 1967, THE OLDER WORKERS BENEFIT PROTECTION ACT, THE WORKER ADJUSTMENT AND RETRAINING NOTIFICATION ACT, THE FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT, THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT, THE NEW YORK STATE HUMAN RIGHTS LAW, THE NEW YORK CITY HUMAN RIGHTS LAW, IF APPLICABLE, THE NEW YORK LABOR CODE, THE NEW YORK WORKERS COMPENSATION LAW, CLAIMS OF HARASSMENT, DISCRIMINATION AND WRONGFUL TERMINATION, AND ANY STATUTORY OR COMMON LAW CLAIMS. I FURTHER UNDERSTAND THAT THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE ALSO APPLIES TO ANY DISPUTES THAT THE COMPANY MAY HAVE WITH ME. B. Procedure. I AGREE THAT ANY ARBITRATION WILL BE ADMINISTERED BY THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION, INC. AAA ), PURSUANT TO ITS EMPLOYMENT ARBITRATION RULES PROCEDURES (THE AAA RULES IN NEW YORK COUNTY, NEW YORK. I UNDERSTAND THAT THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION SHALL EACH PAY AN EQUAL SHARE OF THE COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH ARBITRATION, EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW IN WHICH EVENT THE COMPANY SHALL PAY SUCH COSTS AND EXPENSES I WOULD NOT OTHERWISE HAVE HAD TO PAY IF THE CLAIM HAD BEEN RESOLVED IN A COURT OF LAW. I FURTHER UNDERSTAND THAT EACH PARTY SHALL SEPARATELY PAY FOR ITS RESPECTIVE ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY, IF HE OR SHE DEEMS APPROPRIATE, AWARD REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY IN THE EVENT THE OPPOSING PARTY S CLAIM WAS SUBSTANTIALLY UNJUSTIFIED AND UNREASONABLE, EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW. I AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO DECIDE ANY MOTIONS BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY TO THE ARBITRATION, INCLUDING MOTIONS FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT AND/OR ADJUDICATION, MOTIONS TO DISMISS, AND MOTIONS FOR CLASS CERTIFICATION, PRIOR TO ANY ARBITRATION HEARING. I ALSO AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO AWARD ANY REMEDIES AVAILABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW AND UNLESS PROHIBITED BY LAW, THE ARBITRATOR SHALL NOT HAVE THE POWER TO AWARD PUNITIVE DAMAGES. I AGREE THAT THE DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE IN WRITING. C. Remedy. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BY THE RULES OF THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION AND THIS AGREEMENT, ARBITRATION SHALL BE THE SOLE, EXCLUSIVE AND FINAL REMEDY FOR ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN ME AND THE COMPANY. ACCORDINGLY, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR BY THE RULES AND THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER I NOR THE COMPANY WILL BE PERMITTED TO DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 16 of 21 PURSUE COURT ACTION REGARDING CLAIMS THAT ARE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION. D. Availability of Injunctive Relief. IN ADDITION TO THE RIGHT UNDER THE RULES TO PETITION THE COURT FOR PROVISIONAL RELIEF, I AGREE THAT ANY PARTY MAY ALSO PETITION THE COURT FOR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF WHERE EITHER PARTY ALLEGES OR CLAIMS A VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENT REGARDING TRADE SECRETS, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, NON-COMPETITION, NON-SOLICITATION, NON-INTERFERENCE OR OTHER RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS. I UNDERSTAND THAT ANY BREACH OR THREATENED BREACH OF SUCH AN AGREEMENT WILL CAUSE IRREPARABLE INJURY AND THAT MONEY DAMAGES WILL NOT PROVIDE AN ADEQUATE REMEDY THEREFOR AND BOTH PARTIES HEREBY CONSENT TO THE ISSUANCE OF AN INJUNCTION. IN THE EVENT THE COMPANY HAS A GOOD FAITH BASIS FOR SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF, THE COMPANY SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER REASONABLE COSTS AND ATTORNEYS FEES. E. Administrative Relief. I UNDERSTAND THAT THIS AGREEMENT DOES NOT PROHIBIT ME FROM PURSUING AN ADMINISTRATIVE CLAIM WITH A LOCAL, STATE OR FEDERAL ADMINISTRATIVE BODY OR GOVERNMENT AGENCY THAT IS AUTHORIZED TO ENFORCE OR ADMINISTER LAWS RELATED TO EMPLOYMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE NEW YORK STATE DIVISION OF HUMAN RIGHTS, THE NEW YORK CITY COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS (AS APPLICABLE), THE EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION, THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD OR THE WORKERS COMPENSATION BOARD. THIS AGREEMENT DOES, HOWEVER, PRECLUDE ME FROM PURSUING COURT ACTION REGARDING ANY SUCH CLAIM, EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY LAW. F. Voluntary Nature of Agreement. I ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT I AM EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY AND WITHOUT ANY DURESS OR UNDUE INFLUENCE BY THE COMPANY OR ANYONE ELSE. I FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT I HAVE CAREFULLY READ THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT I HAVE ASKED ANY QUESTIONS NEEDED FOR ME TO UNDERSTAND THE TERMS, CONSEQUENCES, AND BINDING EFFECT OF THIS AGREEMENT AND FULLY UNDERSTAND IT, INCLUDING THAT I AM WAIVING MY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL. FINALLY, I AGREE THAT I HAVE BEEN PROVIDED AN OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF AN ATTORNEY OF MY CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT. 13. PROTECTED RIGHTS. I understand that nothing contained in this Agreement limits my ability to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local government agency or commission. I further understand that this Agreement does not limit my ability to communicate with any government agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any government agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 17 of 21 Company. This Agreement does not limit my right to receive an award for information provided to any government agencies. 14. MISCELLANEOUS A. Governing Law; Consent to Personal Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to Delaware s conflicts of law rules that may result in the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than Delaware. To the extent that any lawsuit is permitted under this Agreement, I hereby expressly consent to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in New Castle County, Delaware for any lawsuit filed against me by the Company. B. Assignability. This Agreement will be binding upon my heirs, executors, assigns, administrators, and other legal representatives, and will be for the benefit of the Company, its successors, and its assigns; provided, however, that neither party shall assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights, obligations or privileges (by operation of law or otherwise) hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any successor to all or substantially all of the Company s relevant assets, whether by merger, consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, sale of assets or stock or otherwise. Any attempted assignment, delegation or other transfer in violation of this Section 13.B shall be null and void. There are no intended third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement, except as may be expressly otherwise stated. C. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Exhibits herein and any executed written offer letter between me and the Company, to the extent such materials are not in conflict with this Agreement, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and me with respect to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior written and oral agreements, discussions or representations between us, including, but not limited to, any representations made during my interview(s) or relocation negotiations. I represent and warrant that I am not relying on any statement or representation not contained in this Agreement. Any subsequent change or changes in my duties, salary or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement. D. Headings. Headings are used in this Agreement for reference only and shall not be considered when interpreting this Agreement. E. Severability. If a court or other body of competent jurisdiction finds, or the Parties mutually believe, any provision of this Agreement, or portion thereof, to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the Parties, and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect. F. Modification, Waiver. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in a writing signed by the President or CEO of the Company and me. Waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement will not operate as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 18 of 21 G. Survivorship. The rights and obligations of the parties to this Agreement will survive termination of my employment with the Company. (SIGNATURE PAGE TO VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AND ARBITRATION AGREEMENT) [candidate-sign-date ________________________ Dov Gottlieb Date: March ____, 2021 DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 12 

Page 19 of 21 EXHIBIT A LIST OF PRIOR INVENTIONS AND ORIGINAL WORKS OF AUTHORSHIP Title Date Identifying Number or Brief Description If no inventions or improvements leave blank and sign below. ___ Additional Sheets Attached ______________________ Dov Gottlieb Date: March ____, 2021 DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 12 

Page 20 of 21 EXHIBIT B VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. TERMINATION CERTIFICATION This is to certify that I do not have in my possession, nor have I failed to return, any devices, records, data, notes, reports, proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, drawings, blueprints, sketches, materials, equipment, any other documents or property, or reproductions of any and all aforementioned items belonging to Varonis Systems, Inc., its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns (together, the Company ). I further certify that I have complied with all the terms of the Company s At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement signed by me, including the reporting of any inventions and original works of authorship (as defined therein) conceived or made by me (solely or jointly with others), as covered by that agreement. I further agree that, in compliance with the At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement, I will preserve as confidential and will not use or disclose without prior authorization any and all Company Confidential Information and Associated Third Party Confidential Information, including trade secrets, confidential knowledge, data or other proprietary information relating to products, processes, know-how, designs, formulas, developmental or experimental work, computer programs, databases, other original works of authorship, customer lists, business plans, financial information or other subject matter pertaining to any business of the Company or any of its employees, clients, consultants or licensees. I also agree that for twelve (12) months from this date, I will comply with the non- competition and non-solicitation provisions, as set forth in Paragraph 7 of the At Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement. After leaving the Company s employment, I will be employed by _______________________________________________________________ in the position of _______________________________________________________________. Date: ____________________________________ Signature ____________________________________ Dov Gottlieb Address for Notifications: DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

Page 21 of 21 EXHIBIT C VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. CONFLICT OF INTEREST GUIDELINES It is the policy of Varonis Systems, Inc. to conduct its affairs in strict compliance with the letter and spirit of the law and to adhere to the highest principles of business ethics. Accordingly, all officers, employees and independent contractors must avoid activities that are in conflict, or give the appearance of being in conflict, with these principles and with the interests of the Company. The following are potentially compromising situations that must be avoided: 1. Revealing confidential information to outsiders or misusing confidential information. Unauthorized divulging of information is a violation of this policy whether or not for personal gain and whether or not harm to the Company is intended. (The At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement elaborates on this principle and is a binding agreement.) 2. Accepting or offering substantial gifts, excessive entertainment, favors or payments that may be deemed to constitute undue influence or otherwise be improper or embarrassing to the Company. 3. Participating in civic or professional organizations that might involve divulging confidential information of the Company. 4. Initiating or approving personnel actions affecting reward or punishment of employees or applicants where there is a family relationship or is or appears to be a personal or social involvement. 5. Initiating or approving any form of personal or social harassment of employees. 6. Investing or holding outside directorship in suppliers, customers or competing companies, including financial speculations, where such investment or directorship might influence in any manner a decision or course of action of the Company. 7. Borrowing from or lending to employees, customers or suppliers. 8. Acquiring real estate of interest to the Company. 9. Improperly using or disclosing to the Company any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former or concurrent employer or other person or entity with whom obligations of confidentiality exist. 10. Unlawfully discussing prices, costs, customers, sales or markets with competing companies or their employees. 11. Making any unlawful agreement with distributors with respect to prices. 12. Improperly using or authorizing the use of any inventions that are the subject of patent claims of any other person or entity. 13. Engaging in any conduct that is not in the best interest of the Company. Each officer, employee, and independent contractor must take every necessary action to ensure compliance with these guidelines and to bring problem areas to the attention of higher management for review. Violations of this conflict of interest policy may result in discharge without warning. DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F1E4196-67CA-485E-8CF9-D2D5251AB096 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 vrnsq42022211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 
 Subsidiary State Country of Incorporation Formation Varonis Systems Ltd. Israel Varonis (UK) Limited England Varonis Systems (Deutschland) GmbH Germany Varonis France SAS France Varonis Systems Corp. Canada (British Columbia) Varonis Systems (Ireland) Limited Ireland Varonis Systems (Australia) Pty Ltd Australia Varonis Systems (Netherlands) B.V. Netherlands Varonis U.S. Public Sector LLC United States (Delaware) Varonis Systems (Luxemburg) S. r.l. Luxembourg Polyrize Security Ltd. 
 Israel Varonis Singapore PTE. LTD. 
 Singapore 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 vrnsq42022231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-262593, 333-252223, 333-249837, 333-235997, 333-229321, 333-222646, 333-215617, 333-209312 333-205582 and 333-194657) pertaining to the Company s 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the Company s 2013 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan and the Polyrize Security Ltd. 2019 Share Incentive Plan, as amended, of our reports dated February 7, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Varonis Systems, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Varonis Systems, Inc. included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s KOST FORER GABBAY & KASIERER 
 
 A Member of Ernst & Young Global 
 
 Tel-Aviv, Israel 
 February 7, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 vrnsq42022311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15(d)-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Yakov Faitelson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Varonis Systems, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date February 7, 2023 
 By s Yakov Faitelson Yakov Faitelson Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 vrnsq42022312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15(d)-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Guy Melamed, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Varonis Systems, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date February 7, 2023 
 By s Guy Melamed Guy Melamed Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 vrnsq42022321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Varonis Systems, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Yakov Faitelson, as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Yakov Faitelson Yakov Faitelson Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Date February 7, 2023 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 vrnsq42022322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Varonis Systems, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Guy Melamed, as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Guy Melamed Guy Melamed Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date February 7, 2023 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 vrns-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 vrns-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 vrns-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 vrns-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 vrns-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

