<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230214_10-K_edgar_data_1474558_0001683168-23-000914.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1353223</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>54256</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>348258</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>284423</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>262564</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>372208</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-000914.hdr.sgml : 20230214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214173010
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-000914
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KAT EXPLORATION, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001474558
		IRS NUMBER:				803927748
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56352
		FILM NUMBER:		23632029

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 BLADE CRESCENT
		CITY:			MOUNT PEARL
		STATE:			A4
		ZIP:			A1N 5L1
		BUSINESS PHONE:		709-368-1024

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 BLADE CRESCENT
		CITY:			MOUNT PEARL
		STATE:			A4
		ZIP:			A1N 5L1

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-000914.txt : 20230214

10-K
 1
 kat_i10k-113022.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 

or 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Transition Period From ________ to ________. 

Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

. 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Not applicable 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock
held by non-affiliates as of February 11, 2023, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter, was approximately based on the price at which the registrant s common stock was last sold as of the same date. 

As of February 11, 2023, the registrant had 
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

KAT EXPLORATION, INC. 
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Page 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 ii 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 3 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 3 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 3 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 3 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 3 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities. 
 4 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 4 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations. 
 4 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 5 
 
 Item 7B. 
 Subsequent Events . 
 5 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements. 
 5 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure. 
 6 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 6 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 6 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 7 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 8 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 9 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 9 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 9 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits. 
 11 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

This annual report on Form
10-K and other publicly available documents, including the documents incorporated herein by reference, contain, and our officers and representatives
may from time to time make, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as: anticipate, believe, expect, 
 future, intend , likely, may, plan, seek, will 
and similar references to future periods actions or results. Examples of forward-looking statements include our prospects for one or more
future material transactions, potential sources of financing, and expenses for future periods. 

Forward-looking statements
are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and
assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy
and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks
and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial
condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these
forward-looking statements. 

Any forward-looking statement
made by us in this annual report on Form 10-K is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on
which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made
from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 

General 

KAT Exploration, Inc. (OTC
 KATX was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on July 7, 1992 under the name Select Media Communications,
Inc. The Company changed its name to In Full Affect, Inc in February 2005, and then to Western Transitions, Inc. in May 2005 and then
to KAT Exploration, Inc. in May 2009. The Company maintains its principal executive offices at 2313 Hollyhill Lane, Denton, TX 76205,
Telephone Number 626-429-2780. KATX is authorized to issue 2,450,000,000 shares of common stock, .001 par value. The Company had 1,794,271,048
shares of common stock issued and outstanding at February 13, 2023. 

The Company has had limited
operations since November 30, 2015, and is a shell company as defined in Rule 13b-2 of the Exchange Act. Such operations
consist of a search for appropriate transactions such as a merger, acquisition, reverse merger or other business combination with an operating
business or other appropriate financial transaction. See Current Business below. 

Current Business 

Since November 30, 2015, the
Company s operations ceased. The company failed to maintain their OTC and SEC filings at that time. On June 19, 2021, Acropolis
Capital Partners was granted the Custodian for KAT Exploration, Inc. (KATX). Acropolis is qualified to serve as custodian because it has
satisfied the requirements of NRS 78.347(2). Ash has established a reasonable likelihood of success on the merits and that
if the relief is not granted, KATX and its shareholders, including Ash will suffer irreparable harm because KATX is delinquent
in its filing and reporting obligations with OTC Markets. Ryan Ash has appointed Caren Currier as Interim CEO to bring the company current
and in good standings while in of a search for a merger, acquisition, reverse merger or a business transaction opportunity with an operating
business or other financial transaction; however, there can be no assurance that this plan will be successfully implemented. Until a transaction
is effectuated, the Company does not expect to have significant operations. Accordingly, during this period we do not expect to achieve
sufficient income to offset our operating expenses, resulting in operating losses that may require us to use and thereby reduce our limited
cash balance. Until we complete a merger, reverse merger or other financial transaction, and unless interest rates increase dramatically,
we expect to incur a loss of between 10,000 to 12,000 for the fourth quarter ending November 30, 2022 and thereafter of between 1,000
to 2,000 per quarter. The increase in fourth quarter expenses relates to a Company audit and 10K filings. At this time, the Company has
no binding arrangements with respect to any potential merger, acquisition, reverse merger or business combination candidate pursuant to
which it may become an operating company. 

Opportunities may come to
KAT Exploration, Inc. s attention from various sources, including its management, its stockholders, professional advisors, securities
broker-dealers, venture capitalists, members of the financial community, and others who may present unsolicited proposals. At this time,
KAT Exploration, Inc. has no plans, understandings, agreements, or commitments with any individual or entity to act as a finder in regard
to any business opportunities for it. While it is not currently anticipated that the Company will engage unaffiliated professional firms
specializing in business acquisitions, reorganizations or other such transactions, such firms may be retained if such arrangements are
deemed to be in the best interest of the Company. Compensation to a finder or business acquisition firm may take various forms, including
one-time cash payments, payments involving issuance of securities (including those of the Company), or any combination of these or other
compensation arrangements. Consequently, the Company is currently unable to predict the cost of utilizing such services. 

The Company has not restricted
its search to any particular business, industry, or geographical location. In evaluating a potential transaction, the Company analyzes
all available factors and makes a determination based on a composite of available facts, without reliance on any single factor. 

1 

It is not possible at this
time to predict the nature of a transaction in which the Company may participate. Specific business opportunities would be reviewed as
well as the respective needs and desires of the Company and the legal structure or method deemed by management to be suitable would be
selected. In implementing a structure for a particular transaction, the Company may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization,
tender offer, joint venture, license, purchase and sale of assets, or purchase and sale of stock, or other arrangement the exact nature
of which cannot now be predicted. Additionally, the Company may act directly or indirectly through an interest in a partnership, corporation
or other form of organization. Implementing such structure may require the merger, consolidation or reorganization of KAT Exploration,
Inc. with other business organizations and there is no assurance that the Company would be the surviving entity. In addition, the present
management and stockholders of the Company may not have control of a majority of the voting shares of KAT Exploration, Inc. following
reorganization or other financial transaction. As part of such a transaction, some or all of KAT Exploration, Inc. s existing directors
may resign and new directors may be appointed. The Company s operations following its consummation of a transaction will be dependent
on the nature of the transaction. There may also be various risks inherent in the transaction, the nature and magnitude of which cannot
be predicted. 

The Company may also be subject
to increased governmental regulation following a transaction; however, it is not possible at this time to predict the nature or magnitude
of such increased regulation, if any. 

The Company does not have
any arrangements with banks or financial institutions with respect to the availability of financing in the future. 

The payment of any cash distributions
is subject to the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. At this time the Company has no plans to pay any additional cash
distributions in the foreseeable future. 

Competition 

KAT Exploration, Inc. is in
direct competition with many other entities in its efforts to locate a suitable transaction. Included in the competition are business
development companies, special purpose acquisition companies SPACs ), venture capital firms, small business investment companies,
venture capital affiliates of industrial and financial companies, broker-dealers and investment bankers, management consultant firms and
private individual investors. Many of these entities possess greater financial resources and are able to assume greater risks than those
which KAT Exploration, Inc. could consider. Many of these competing entities also possess significantly greater experience and contacts
than KAT Exploration, Inc. s management. Moreover, KAT Exploration, Inc. also competes with numerous other companies similar to
it for such opportunities. 

Employees and Consultants 

The Company currently has
one executive officers. Caren Currier serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

Management of the Company
expects to use consultants, attorneys and accountants as necessary, and it is not expected that KAT Exploration, Inc. will have any full-time
or other employees, except as may be the result of completing a transaction. 

Available Information 

Members of the public may
read and copy any materials we file with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports and information statements and other
information about us and other issuers that file electronically at http://www.sec.gov. 

2 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 

Smaller reporting companies
are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 

None. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 

We are not aware of any legal
proceeding to which any director or officer or any of their affiliates is a party adverse to our Company or in which such persons have
a material interest adverse to our Company. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

3 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities. 

On February 13, 2023, the
closing price per share of our common stock, as reported on the OTC, was 0. 0.0011 As of the same date, our common stock was held by
96 shareholders of record. 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent of the
Company s common stock is Action Stock Transfer. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Services 

We have not issued any unregistered
securities within the period covered by this report. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Small
Business Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We have not repurchased any
shares of our common stock during the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 

Smaller reporting companies
are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion of
our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the selected historical consolidated financial data
and consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. This discussion and
analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information. 

General 

The Company has limited operations
and is actively seeking merger, reverse merger, acquisition or business combination opportunities with an operating business or other
financial transaction opportunities. Until a transaction is effectuated, the Company does not expect to have significant operations. Accordingly,
during such period, the Company does not expect to achieve sufficient income to offset its operating expenses, resulting in operating
losses that may require the Company to use and thereby reduce its cash balance. For further information on the Company s plan of
operation and business, see Item I, Current Business. Until the Company completes a merger, reverse merger or other financial transaction,
and unless interest rates increase dramatically, the Company expects to continue to incur a loss of between 10,000 to 12,000 for the
fourth quarter ending November 30, 2022 and thereafter of between 1,000 to 2,000 per quarter. The increase in fourth quarter expenses
relates to a Company audit and 10K filings. 

Results of Operations and Financial Condition 

During the year ended November
30, 2022, the Company had a loss from operations of 44,142.00. The loss is attributable to the accounting expenses incurred during the
year. During the year ended November 30, 2020, the loss from operations was 13,000. 

4 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Stockholders equity
as of November 30, 2022 was 22,142, as compared to 13,000 at November 30, 2021. The lack of change was due to the business being dormant
since November 30, 2015. 

The Company had cash on hand
at November 30, 2022 of 125, as compared to NIL at November 30, 2021. 

The Company does not have
any arrangements with banks or financial institutions with respect to the availability of financing in the future. 

The payment of any cash distribution
or dividend is subject to the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. At this time the Company has no plans to pay any cash
distributions or dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

The Company has implemented
all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are
any new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Smaller reporting companies
are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 7B. 
 Subsequent Events 

Ryan Ash petitioned the eighth
district court of Nevada for receivership of the corporation and was awarded receivership on June 19, 2021. By unanimous vote of the
board of directors; Caren Currier was appointed as the interim President / CEO to help the corporation become current with their reporting
requirements. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements. 

KAT
EXPLORATION, INC. 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of November 30, 2022, and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years ended November 30, 2022, and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years ended November 30, 2022, and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended November 30, 2022, and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-7 

5 

Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure. 

None 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our Chief Executive Officer who is also the Principal Financial Officer,
after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Sections 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period reported in this annual report (the Evaluation Date ),
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and designed to ensure that material information relating to the
Company is accumulated and would be made known to them by others as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, who is also the Company s Principal Financial Officer, to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s
Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Internal control over
financial reporting including those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the Company s transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (2) provide reasonable
assurances that the Company s transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the Company s financial statements
in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s
management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the
risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined
to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the
inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis
by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process.
Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022 and concluded that such internal controls are effective. In making this
assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission in Internal
Controls Integrated 1992 Framework. 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s
registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation
by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the
Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

During the Company s fourth fiscal quarter ended November 30,
2021, there was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 

None 

6 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The directors and executive
officers of the Company are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Caren Currier 
 
 59 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Director 

Caren Currier has
served as Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and as a Director of the Company since June 2021.
Caren has over 25 years of experience in accounting. Caren started her professional career helping her father with his construction company.
While attending college, Caren was invited to intern with a CPA firm that had a number of construction firms as clients. This experience
resulted in Caren's pursuit of a career in cost accounting. Caren Currier served as the Controller/CFO for the previous management of
Zalemark Holding Company, an OTC company. We are pleased that Caren has decided to continue on in this capacity with our management team. 

The Company s Board
of Directors is responsible for establishing broad corporate policies and for overseeing our overall management. In addition to considering
various matters which require board approval, the Board provides advice and counsel to, and ultimately monitors the performance of, our
executive officer(s). All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected
and qualified. Officers are elected to serve, subject to the discretion of the Board, until their successors are appointed. The Company
has not held an annual meeting of stockholders since 2003. 

Board Leadership Structure 

Ms. Currier is our Chief
Executive Officer and leads our Board of Directors. We have not designated a lead independent director. We believe that this structure
is appropriate for the Company at this time. Specifically, we believe that the current leadership structure provides leadership and engagement
while we seek and evaluate opportunities. Because we do not currently have any operations, we believe the potential risks of concentration
of authority are outweighed by the efficiency of having the same person serve as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. 

Role of the Board in Risk Oversight 

One of the key functions
of our Board of Directors is informed oversight of our Company s risk management processes. Our Board administers its oversight
functions primarily through monitoring and assessing risks through its full membership rather than through standing committees, including
assessing significant financial risks and risks of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. 

Committees of the Board 

Our Board of Directors does
not have any committees. We believe this structure is appropriate in light of the Company s current capital structure and level
of operations. If the Company s capital structure, level of operations or Board composition changes significantly, we intend to
consider forming formal audit and/or compensation committees and to adopt appropriate written charters for such committees. Currently,
however, there are no plans to appoint certain directors to specific committees. Until such time as an audit committee or compensation
committee is formed, the full Board of Directors will continue to conduct the functions typically assigned to those committees. 

7 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
among our directors and any of our executive officers. 

Audit Committee Financial Expert 

None of our directors are
eligible to qualify as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined in Regulation S-K promulgated under the
Exchange Act. If and when the Company commences operations and adds independent directors to serve on its board, it expects to add one
or more such persons who qualify as audit committee financial expert. 

Code of Ethics 

We do not currently have
a code of ethics. We believe this approach is appropriate in light of the Company s current capital structure and level of operations,
but we expect to continue to evaluate the appropriateness of adopting a code of ethics as our Company continues to develop. 

Communication to the Board of Directors 

You may contact our Board
of Directors or any director by mail addressed to the attention of our entire Board or the specific director identified by name or title,
at KAT Exploration, Inc. 2313 Hollyhill Lane, Denton, TX 76205 All communications will be submitted to our Board or the specified director
on a periodic basis. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 

For each of the fiscal years ended November 30,
2022 and 2021 the Company there was no direct compensation awarded to, earned by or paid by us to any of our executive officers. 

Stock Options/SAR Grants 

There were no (i) stock option/SARs
grants, (ii) aggregated option/SAR exercises or (iii) long-term incentive plan awards in the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and
2021. 

Compensation of Directors 

All directors are eligible
to receive a fee of 100 for each Board of Directors meeting attended. 

The members of the Board
as a group received no director fees covering the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. All Board meetings were held telephonically. 

8 

Director Compensation for the Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2021
and 2020 

Name 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid 
in Cash 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Option Awards 
 
 All Other 
Compensation 
 
 Total 
 
 Caren Currier 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table, together with
the accompanying footnotes, sets forth information, as of February 13, 2023, regarding stock ownership of all persons known by KAT Exploration
Inc.to own beneficially more than 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock, and named executive officers, directors, and all
directors and officers of KAT Exploration Inc. as a group: 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount
and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 
 Percent
 of Outstanding Shares 
 
 Caren Currier 2313 Hollyhill Lane, Denton, TX 76205 (Officer) 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 0.279 
 
 _______________________ 

1 Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, (a) the listed beneficial owner has
sole voting power and investment power with respect to the number of shares shown, and (b) no director or executive officer has pledged
as security any shares shown as beneficially owned. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Related Party Transactions 

Since the beginning of the
fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not been a party to any related party transactions. 

Director Independence 

Based upon a review of the
material relationships between our directors and our Company, we have determined that none of our directors are eligible for designation
as independent directors as defined under the applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market, which we have voluntarily adopted
as our standard for director independence. However, this information is provided for disclosure purposes only. Because we do not have
shares listed for trading on any securities exchange, our Company is not required to have any independent directors on its Board of Directors,
or any particular committee of the Board of Directors. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Ola Oyebola Co. has
served as the Company s independent public accountant since March 2022. 

9 

The following table summarizes
the aggregate fees billed by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm Somerset, for audit services for each of
the last two fiscal years and for other services rendered to the Company in each of the last two fiscal years. 

Fiscal Year Ended 

November 30, 2022 
 November 30, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1 
 5,000 
 5,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 

Tax Fees (3) 

All Other Fees (4) 

Total 
 5,000 
 5,000 

_______________________ 

(1) Audit fees consist of fees for the audit of our financial statements, the review of the interim
financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other professional services provided in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 
 (2) Audit-related fees consist of fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
and the review of our financial statements and which are not reported under Audit Fees . No such services were provided during
the periods reported. 
 
 (3) Tax fees consist of fees for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning services. Tax compliance
services, which relate to the preparation of tax returns, claims for refunds and tax payment-planning services, accounted for all of the
tax fees incurred for services provided for the 2020 and 2021 fiscal years. 
 (4) The Company was not billed
by its independent registered public accounting firm for any other services rendered for the 2021 or 2020 fiscal year. 

All Other Fees 

Any permitted non-audit services
are pre-approved by the Board of Directors or a non-employee director pursuant to delegated authority by the Board of Directors, other
than de minimus non-audit services for which the pre-approval requirements are waived in accordance with the rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

10 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

11 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

KAT Exploration, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Caren Currier 

Caren Currier 
Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

February 14, 2023 

12 

KAT
EXPLORATION, INC. 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB
 ID 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of November 30, 2022, and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years ended November 30, 2022, and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years ended November 30, 2022, and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended November 30, 2022, and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the shareholders
and the board of directors of KAT EXPLORATION, INC. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Kat Exploration, Inc . (the Company as of November 30, 2022, and
the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows , for
the year ended November 30, 2022, and the related notes collectively referred to as the financial statements. 

In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of November 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the year ended November 30, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the company will continue as a going concern as disclosed in Note 3 to the financial statement, the Company has continuously
incurred a net loss of (44,142) for the year ended November 30, 2022, and an accumulated deficit of (2,680,513) at November 30, 2022.
The continuation of the Company as a going concern through November 30, 2022, is dependent upon improving the profitability and the continuing
financial support from its stockholders. Management believes the existing shareholders or external financing will provide additional cash
to meet the Company s obligations as they become due. 

These factors raise substantial doubt about the
company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of the uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. The company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

(Chartered Accountants) 

 We have served as the Company's auditor since March 2022. 

 January 27 th , 2023. 

F- 2 

KAT EXPLORATION, INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

November 30, 2022 
 November 30, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and bank 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities: 

Due to Related Party 

Accrued Expense 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders' Deficit: 

Common stock, par value; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 
 ) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

KAT EXPLORATION INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Operating Expenses: 

General administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other Income / (Expense) 

Net Income / (loss) 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements . 

F- 4 

KAT
EXPLORATION INC. 

 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 For the Years Ended November 30, 2022, and
2021 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance - December 1, 2020 

Loss for the year 

Balance - November 30, 2021 

Common Stock issued for consulting services 

Common Stock issued for employee compensation 

Net loss for the year 

Balance - November 30, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

KAT EXPLORATION, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Common stock issued for cash 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

KAT
EXPLORATION, INC. 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

 November 30, 2022 

in cash equivalents for the years ended November 30, 2022 and in 2021. 

Level 2: Level 2 inputs
are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted
prices for similar assets, quoted prices in markets that are not considered to be active, and observable inputs other than quoted prices
such as interest rates. 

Level 3: Level 3 inputs
are unobservable inputs. 

The following required disclosure of the estimated
fair value of financial instruments has been determined by the Company using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies.
However, considerable judgment is required to interpret market data to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the use of different
market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 

The methods and assumptions used to estimate the
fair values of each class of financial instruments are as follows: Accounts Receivable, and Accounts Payable. The items are generally
short-term in nature, and accordingly, the carrying amounts reported on the consolidated balance sheets are reasonable approximations
of their fair values. 

The carrying amounts of Notes Payable approximate
the fair value as the notes bear interest rates that are consistent with current market rates. 

for the year ended November 30, 2022, and an accumulated deficit of ) at November 30, 2022.
The continuation of the Company as a going concern through November 30, 2021, is dependent upon improving the profitability and the continuing
financial support from its stockholders. Management believes the existing shareholders or external financing will provide the additional
cash to meet the Company s obligations as they become due. 

These factors raise substantial doubt about the
company ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of the uncertainty. 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net provision for Federal income taxes 

The income tax provision differs from the amount of income tax determined
by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate to pretax income from continuing operations for the fiscal years ending, due to the following: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

As of November 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company
does not believe that it has taken any tax positions that would require the recording of any additional tax liability, nor does it believe
that there are any unrealized tax benefits that would either increase or decrease within the next twelve months. The Company s income
tax returns are subject to examination by the appropriate taxing jurisdictions. As of November 30, 2022, the Company s income tax
returns generally remain open for examination for three years from the date filed with each taxing jurisdiction. 

F- 10 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kat_10k-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

I, Caren Currier, Chief Executive Officer of KAT Exploration, Inc.,
certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of KAT Exploration, Inc.: 

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or cause such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 14, 2023 
 /s/ Caren Currier 

Caren Currier 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 kat_10k-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

I, Caren Currier, Chief Financial Officer of KAT Exploration, Inc.,
certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of KAT Exploration, Inc.: 

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or cause such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 14, 2023 
 /s/ Caren Currier 

Caren Currier 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 kat_10k-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OF
THE EXCHANGE ACT AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ENACTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of KAT Exploration, Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending November 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Caren Currier, Chief Executive Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as enacted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

February 14, 2023 
 /s/ Caren Currier 

Caren Currier 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 kat_10k-ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OF
THE EXCHANGE ACT AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ENACTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of KAT Exploration, Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending November 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Caren Currier, Chief Financial Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as enacted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

February 14, 2023 
 /s/ Caren Currier 

Caren Currier 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 katx-20221130.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 katx-20221130_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 katx-20221130_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 katx-20221130_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

