<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_750574_0001193125-23-074092.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11422117</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>380796</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1870642</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4192497</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2288635</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2329610</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-074092.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317172435
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-074092
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000750574
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				630885779
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26486
		FILM NUMBER:		23743933

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 N GAY ST
		STREET 2:		P O DRAWER 3110
		CITY:			AUBURN
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			36831-3110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3348219200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 NORTH GAY STREET
		STREET 2:		P O DRAWER 3110
		CITY:			AUBURN
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			36831

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950124

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-074092.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 d416225d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 Washington, D.C. 
20549 

FORM 

Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934. 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 For the transition period __________ to __________
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class

Trading Symbol

Name of Exchange on which Registered
 
 , par value 0.01 

Global Market 
 Securities registered to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant 
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 
of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant 
is not required to file reports pursuant 
to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant 
(1) has filed all reports required to be 
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during 
the 
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter 
period that the registrant was required 
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject 
to such filing requirements for the past 
 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant 
has submitted electronically every Interactive 
Data File required to be submitted pursuant 
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-
 T 232.405 of this chapter) during 
the preceding 12 months (or for such 
shorter period that the registrant was required 
to submit such files). 

No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant 
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated 
filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the 
 definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer 
and smaller reporting company in 
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check 
one): 

 Large Accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging Growth 

 Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant 
has selected not to use the extended 
transition period for complying with any 
new or revised 
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant 
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant 
has filed a report on and attestation 
to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal 
control over 
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) 
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 
7262(b)) by the registered public accounting 
firm that prepared or issued its audit 
 report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check 
mark whether the financial statements of 
the registrant included in the filing reflect 
 the correction of an error to previously 
issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any 
of those error corrections are restatements 
that required a recovery analysis of 
incentive-based compensation received by any 
of 
 the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery 
period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant 
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 
12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting 
and non-voting common equity held by 
non-affiliates computed by reference to the price 
at which the common equity 
 was last sold, or the average bid and 
asked price of such common equity 
as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently 
completed second fiscal quarter: 

as of June 30, 2022. 

 APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS 

 Indicate the number of shares outstanding 
of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, 
as of the latest practicable date: 

shares of common stock as 
 of March 16, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Portions of the Proxy Statement for the 
Annual Meeting of Shareholders, scheduled 
to be held May 9, 2023, are incorporated by 
reference into Part II, Item 5 and 
 Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART I 
 PAGE 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 32 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 46 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 46 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 47 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 47 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER 
 MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 47 
 ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 50 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 50 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 82 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 82 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON 
 ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 121 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 121 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 121 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORGEIN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT 
 INSPECTION 
 121 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 122 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 122 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND 
 MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 122 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR 
 INDEPENDENCE 
 122 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 122 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 122 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 3 
 PART 
I 

 SPECIAL CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING 
FORWARD 
-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Various 
of the statements made herein under the captions Management s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
 and Results of Operations , Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market 
Risk , Risk Factors Description of 
 Property and elsewhere, are forward-looking statements within the 
meaning and protections of Section 27A of the 
 Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, 
goals, expectations, 
 anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions and future performance, and involve 
known and unknown risks, 
 uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control, and 
which may cause the actual results, performance, 
 achievements or financial condition of the Company to be materially different 
from future results, performance, 
 achievements or financial condition expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. 
You 
should not expect us to 
 update any forward-looking statements. 
 All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking 
statements. 
You 
can 
 identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as may, 
 will, anticipate, assume, 
 should, indicate, would, believe, contemplate, expect, 
 estimate, continue, designed , plan, point to, 
 project, could, intend, target and other similar words and 
expressions of the future. 
These forward-looking 
 statements may not be realized due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: 
 
 the effects of future economic, business and market conditions and 
changes, foreign, domestic and locally, 
 including inflation, seasonality, 
natural disasters or climate change, such as rising sea and water levels, 
hurricanes 
 and tornados, COVID-19 or other epidemics or pandemics including supply chain disruptions, 
inventory volatility, 
 and changes in consumer behaviors; 
 
 the effects of war or other conflicts, acts of terrorism, trade restrictions, sanctions 
or other events that may affect 
 general economic conditions; 
 
 governmental monetary and fiscal policies, including the continuing effects 
of COVID-19 fiscal and monetary 
 stimuli, and changes in monetary policies in response to inflations including increases 
in the Federal Reserve s 
 target federal funds rate and reductions in the Federal Reserve s 
holdings of securities; 
 
 legislative and regulatory changes, including changes in banking, securities and tax laws, 
regulations and rules and 
 their application by our regulators, including capital and liquidity requirements, and 
changes in the scope and cost 
 of FDIC insurance; 
 
 changes in accounting pronouncements and interpretations, including the required 
implementation of Financial 
 Accounting Standards Board s FASB 
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13, Financial Instruments 
 Credit Losses (Topic 
326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, as well as the 
updates issued 
 since June 2016 (collectively, FASB 
ASC Topic 326) 
on Current Expected Credit Losses CECL ), and ASU 
 2022-02, Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage 
Disclosures, which eliminates troubled debt restructurings 
 TDRs and related guidance; 
 
 the failure of assumptions and estimates, as well as differences in, and changes to, economic, 
market and credit 
 conditions, including changes in borrowers credit risks and payment behaviors from 
those used in our loan 
 portfolio reviews; 
 
 the risks of changes in market interest rates and the shape of the yield curve on the levels, composition 
and costs of 
 deposits, loan demand and mortgage loan originations, and the values and liquidity of loan 
collateral, securities, 
 and interest-sensitive assets and liabilities, and the risks and uncertainty of the amounts 
realizable on collateral; 
 
 the risks of increases in market interest rates creating unrealized losses on our securities available 
for sale, which 
 adversely affect our stockholders equity for financial reporting purposes; 
 
 changes in borrower liquidity and credit risks, and savings, deposit and payment behaviors; 

Table of Contents 
 4 
 
 changes in the availability and cost of credit and capital in the financial markets, and the types 
of instruments that 
 may be included as capital for regulatory purposes; 
 
 changes in the prices, values and sales volumes of residential and commercial real estate; 
 
 the effects of competition from a wide variety of local, regional, national 
and other providers of financial, 
 investment and insurance services, including the disruptive effects 
of financial technology and other competitors 
 who are not subject to the same regulations as the Company and the Bank and credit 
unions, which are not subject 
 to federal income taxation; 
 
 the failure of assumptions and estimates underlying the establishment of allowances 
for possible loan losses and 
 other asset impairments, losses valuations of assets and liabilities and other estimates, and 
the allowance of credit 
 losses for CECL beginning January 1, 2023; 
 
 the timing and amount of rental income from third parties following the June 2022 
opening of our new 
 headquarters; 
 
 the risks of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, including, 
without limitation, the related time and costs of 
 implementing such transactions, integrating operations as part of these transactions and 
possible failures to achieve 
 expected gains, revenue growth and/or expense savings from such transactions; 
 
 changes in technology or products that may be more difficult, costly, 
or less effective than anticipated; 
 
 cyber-attacks and data breaches that may compromise our systems, our 
vendors systems or customers 
 information; 
 
 the risks that our deferred tax assets DTAs 
included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets, if 
 any, could be reduced if estimates of future 
taxable income from our operations and tax planning strategies are less 
 than currently estimated, and sales of our capital stock could trigger a reduction in the amount of 
net operating loss 
 carry-forwards that we may be able to utilize for income tax purposes; and 
 
 other factors and risks described under Risk Factors herein and in any of our subsequent 
reports that we make 
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission or SEC 
under the Exchange Act. 
 All written or oral forward-looking statements that are we make or are 
attributable to us are expressly qualified in their 
 entirety by this cautionary notice. 
We have no obligation and 
do not undertake to update, revise or correct any of the 
 forward-looking statements after the date of this report, or after the respective dates on 
which such statements otherwise are 
 made. 
 ITEM 1. 
BUSINESS 
 Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. (the Company is a bank holding company registered 
with the Board of Governors 
 of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company 
Act of 1956, as amended (the 
 BHC Act ). 
The Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1990, and in 1994 it succeeded 
its Alabama predecessor as 
 the bank holding company controlling AuburnBank, an Alabama state 
member bank with its principal office in Auburn, 
 Alabama (the Bank ). 
The Company and its predecessor have controlled the Bank since 1984. 
As a bank holding 
 company, the Company 
may diversify into a broader range of financial services and other business activities than currently 
 are permitted to the Bank under applicable laws and regulations. 
The holding company structure also provides greater 
 financial and operating flexibility than is presently permitted to the Bank. 

 The Bank has operated continuously since 1907 and currently conducts its business 
primarily in East Alabama, including 
 Lee County and surrounding areas. 
The Bank has been a member of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta (the 
 Federal 
 Reserve Bank since April 1995. 
The Bank s primary regulators are 
the Federal Reserve and the Alabama Superintendent 
 of Banks (the Alabama Superintendent ). 
The Bank has been a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (the 
 FHLB since 1991. 

Table of Contents 
 5 
 General 
 The Company s business is conducted primarily 
through the Bank and its subsidiaries. 
Although it has no immediate plans 
 to conduct any other business, the Company may engage directly or indirectly in a number 
of activities closely related to 
 banking permitted by the Federal Reserve. 
 The Company s principal executive offices 
are located at 100 N. Gay Street, Auburn, Alabama 36830, and its telephone 
 number at such address is (334) 821-9200. 
The Company maintains an Internet website at 
 www.auburnbank.com
 . 
The 
 Company s website and the information 
appearing on the website are not included or incorporated in, and are not part of, 
 this report. 
The Company files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements, and 
other information with the 
 SEC. 
You 
may read and copy any document we file with the SEC at the SEC s 
public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., 
 Washington, DC 20549. 
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for more information on the operation of the public 
 reference rooms. 
The SEC maintains an Internet site at 
 www.sec.gov
 
that contains reports, proxy, and other 
information, 
 where SEC filings are available to the public free of charge. 

 Services 
 The Bank offers checking, savings, transaction deposit accounts and 
certificates of deposit, and is an active residential 
 mortgage lender in its primary service area. 
The Bank s primary service area includes 
the cities of Auburn and Opelika, 
 Alabama and nearby surrounding areas in East Alabama, primarily in Lee County. 
The Bank also offers commercial, 
 financial, agricultural, real estate construction and consumer loan products 
and other financial services. 
The Bank is one of 
 the largest providers of automated teller machine ATM 
services in East Alabama and operates ATM 
machines in 13 
 locations in its primary service area. 
The Bank offers Visa

Checkcards, which are debit cards with the Visa 
logo that work 
 like checks and can be used anywhere Visa 
is accepted, including ATMs. 
The Bank s Visa 
Checkcards can be used 
 internationally through the Plus

network. 
The Bank offers online banking, bill payment and other electronic banking 
 services through its Internet website, 
 www.auburnbank.com
 . 
Our online banking services, bill payment and electronic 
 services are subject to certain cybersecurity risks. 
See Risk Factors Our information systems may experience 
 interruptions and security breaches. 

 The Bank does not offer any services related to any Bitcoin or other digital or crypto instruments 
or stablecoins or 
 businesses. 
 Competition 
 The banking business in East Alabama, including Lee County, 
is highly competitive with respect to loans, deposits, and 
 other financial services. 
The area is dominated by a number of regional and national banks and bank 
holding companies 
 that have substantially greater resources, and numerous offices and affiliates 
operating over wide geographic areas. 
The 
 Bank competes for deposits, loans and other business with these banks, as well as with credit 
unions, mortgage companies, 
 insurance companies, and other local and nonlocal financial institutions, including 
institutions offering services through the 
 mail, by telephone and over the Internet. 
As more and different kinds of businesses enter the market for financial 
services, 
 competition from nonbank financial institutions may be expected to intensify 
further. 

 Among the advantages that larger financial institutions have over 
the Bank are their ability to finance extensive advertising 
 campaigns, to diversify their funding sources, and to allocate and diversify their assets among 
loans and securities of the 
 highest yield in locations with the greatest demand. 
Many of the major commercial banks or their affiliates operating 
in the 
 Bank s service area offer services 
which are not presently offered directly by the Bank and they typically have substantially 
 higher lending limits than the Bank. 

 Banks also have experienced significant competition for deposits from mutual 
funds, insurance companies and other 
 investment companies and from money center banks offerings of 
high-yield investments and deposits, including CDs and 
 savings accounts. 
Certain of these competitors are not subject to the same regulatory restrictions as the Bank. 

Table of Contents 
 6 
 Selected Economic Data 
 The Auburn-Opelika Metropolitan Statistical Area is Lee County, 
Alabama, including Auburn, Opelika and part of Phenix 
 City, Alabama. 
The U.S. Census Bureau estimates Lee County s 
population was 181,881 in 2022, and has increased 
 approximately 29.7 from 2010 to 2022. 
The largest employers in the area are Auburn University, 
East Alabama Medical 
 Center, Lee County School System, Wal 
-Mart Distribution Center, Baxter Healthcare, Thermo 
Fisher Scientific, Mando 
 America Corporation (automobile brakes and steering), and Briggs Stratton. 
Auto manufacturing and related suppliers 
 are increasingly important along Interstate Highway 85 to the east and west of Auburn. 
Kia Motors has a large automobile 
 factory in nearby West Point, 
Georgia, and Hyundai Motors has a large automobile 
factory in Montgomery, 
Alabama. 

 Various 
suppliers to the automotive industry have facilities in Lee County. 
The unemployment rate in Lee County was 
 2.0 at year end 2022 according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
 Between 2010 and 2022, the Auburn-Opelika MSA was the second fastest 
growing MSA in Alabama. 
The Auburn-
 Opelika MSA population is estimated to grow 6.6 from 2023 to 2028. 
During the same time, household income is 
 estimated to increase 14.25 , to 69,213. 
 Loans and Loan Concentrations 
 The Bank makes loans for commercial, financial and agricultural purposes, as well as for 
real estate mortgages, real estate 
 acquisition, construction and development and consumer purposes. 
While there are certain risks unique to each type of 
 lending, management believes that there is more risk associated with commercial, real 
estate acquisition, construction and 
 development, agricultural and consumer lending than with residential real estate 
mortgage loans. 
To help manage these 
 risks, the Bank has established underwriting standards used in evaluating each extension 
of credit on an individual basis, 
 which are substantially similar for each type of loan. 
These standards include a review of the economic conditions 
 affecting the borrower, the borrower s 
financial strength and capacity to repay the debt, the underlying collateral and the 
 borrower s past credit performance. 
We apply these standards 
at the time a loan is made and monitor them periodically 
 throughout the life of the loan. 
See Lending Practices for a discussion of regulatory guidance on commercial real estate 
 lending. 

 The Bank has loans outstanding to borrowers in all industries within our primary 
service area. 
Any adverse economic or 
 other conditions affecting these industries would also likely have an adverse 
effect on the local workforce, other local 
 businesses, and individuals in the community that have entered 
into loans with the Bank. 
For example, the auto 
 manufacturing business and its suppliers have positively affected 
our local economy, but automobile 
sales manufacturing is 
 cyclical and adversely affected by increases in interest rates. Decreases 
in automobile sales, including adverse changes due 
 to interest rate increases, and the remaining economic effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, including continuing supply 
 chain disruptions and a tight labor market, 
could adversely affect nearby Kia and Hyundai automotive plants 
and their 
 suppliers' local spending and employment, and could adversely affect economic 
conditions in the markets we serve. 
 However, management believes that due to the diversified 
mix of industries located within our markets, adverse changes in 
 one industry may not necessarily affect other area industries 
to the same degree or within the same time frame. 
The Bank s 
 primary service area also is subject to both local and national economic conditions and 
fluctuations. 
While most loans are 
 made within our primary service area, some residential mortgage loans are originated 
outside the primary service area, and 
 the Bank from time to time has purchased loan participations from outside its primary service 
area. 
We also may make 
 loans to other borrowers outside these areas, especially where we have a relationship 
with the borrower, or its business or 
 owners. 

Table of Contents 
 7 
 Human Capital 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries had 150 full-time equivalent employees, 
including 37 officers. 

 Our average term of service is approximately 10 years. 
We successfully implemented 
plans to protect our employees 
 health consistent with CDC and State of Alabama guidelines during the COVID-19 pandemic, 
while maintaining critical 
 banking services to our communities. 
In addition, we developed our remote and electronic banking services, and 

 established remote work access to help employees stay at home where job 
duties permitted. 
This promoted employee 
 retention, and these efforts will provide us proven experience and flexibility 
to meet other disruptive events and conditions, 
 and still provide our customers and communities continuity of service. 
 We experienced 
little turnover as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and made no staff 
reductions. 
As a result, we 
 received a federal employee retention tax credit of approximately 1.6 
million in 2022. 
 We have a talented group 
of employees, 
many of which, have a college or associate degree. 
We believe the Auburn-
 Opelika MSA is a desirable place to live and work with excellent schools and quality of life. 
Our MSA was the second 
 fastest growing MSA in Alabama from 2010 to 2022. 
Auburn University is a major employer that attracts talented students 
 and employee families. 
Various 
of our 
employees have a family member that is employed by or is attending the University. 
 We 
were an active PPP lender in our communities during 2020-2021, which required our employees to quickly 
learn and 
 apply a new SBA loan program with frequent overnight changes. 
All our PPP loans were forgiven by the SBA, except one 
 where the borrower is repaying its PPP loan without government assistance. 
 We had a successful 
management transition in 2022 where our CEO became Chairman, and 
was succeeded by our CFO, 
 whose role was then filled by our Chief Accounting Officer. 
Our Chairman has served the Bank his entire 39-year career, 
 our President and CEO has been with us 16 years and our Chief Accounting Officer 
has been with us for 7 years. 
Our new 
 President and CFO had careers with major national and regional accounting 
firms and focused on financial services before 
 joining the Bank. 
 We seek to provide 
competitive compensation and benefits. 
We provide 
employer matches for employee contributions to 
 our 401(k) retirement plan. 
We encourage and 
support the growth and development of our employees and, wherever 
 possible, seek to fill positions by promotion and transfer from within the organization. 
Career development is advanced 
 through ongoing performance and development conversations with employees, 
internally developed training programs and 
 other training and development opportunities. 
 Our employees are encouraged to be active in our communities as part of our commitment 
to these communities and our 
 employees. 
Our Chairman is the current President Pro Tempore 
of the Auburn University Board of Trustees. 
 Statistical Information 
 Certain statistical information is included in responses to Items 6, 7, 7A and 8 of this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
 The Company and the Bank are extensively regulated under federal and state laws applicable 
to bank holding companies 
 and banks. 
The supervision, regulation and examination of the Company and the Bank and 
their respective subsidiaries by 
 the bank regulatory agencies are primarily intended to maintain the safety and 
soundness of depository institutions and the 
 federal deposit insurance system, as well as the protection of depositors, 
rather than holders of Company capital stock and 
 other securities. 
Any change in applicable law or regulation may have a material effect 
on the Company s business. 
The 
 following discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular laws and 
rules referred to below. 
 Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 The Company, as a bank holding company, 
is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve 
 under the BHC Act. 
Bank holding companies generally are limited to the business of banking, 
managing or controlling 
 banks, and certain related activities. 
The Company is required to file periodic reports and other information 
with the 
 Federal Reserve. 
The Federal Reserve examines the Company and its subsidiaries. 
The State of Alabama currently does 
 not regulate bank holding companies. 

Table of Contents 
 8 
 The BHC Act requires prior Federal Reserve approval for, 
among other things, the acquisition by a bank holding company 
 of direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares or substantially 
all the assets of any bank, or 
 for a merger or consolidation of a bank holding company with another 
bank holding company. 
The BHC Act generally 
 prohibits a bank holding company from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or 
control of voting shares of any company 
 that is not a bank or bank holding company and from engaging directly or indirectly in any 
activity other than banking or 
 managing or controlling banks or performing services for its authorized subsidiar 
ies. 
A bank holding company may, 
 however, engage in or acquire an interest in a company that 
engages in activities that the Federal Reserve has determined 
 by regulation or order to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks 
as to be a proper incident 
 thereto. On January 30, 2020, the Federal Reserve adopted new rules, effective 
September 30, 2020 simplifying 
 determinations of control of banking organizations for BHC Act purposes. 
 Bank holding companies that are and remain well-capitalized and well-managed, 
as defined in Federal Reserve 
 Regulation Y, 
and whose insured depository institution subsidiaries maintain satisfactory 
or better ratings under the 
 Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (the CRA ), may elect to become 
 financial holding companies. Financial holding 
 companies and their subsidiaries are permitted to acquire or engage in activities 
such as insurance underwriting, securities 
 underwriting, travel agency activities, broad insurance agency activities, 
merchant banking and other activities that the 
 Federal Reserve determines to be financial in nature or complementary thereto. 
In addition, under the BHC Act s 
merchant 
 banking authority and Federal Reserve regulations, financial holding companies 
are authorized to invest in companies that 
 engage in activities that are not financial in nature, as long as the financial holding 
company makes its investment, subject 
 to limitations, including a limited investment term, no day-to-day management, 
and no cross-marketing with any depositary 
 institutions controlled by the financial holding company. 
The Federal Reserve recommended repeal of the merchant 
 banking powers in its September 16, 2016 study pursuant to Section 620 of the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and 
 Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act ), but has taken no action. 
The Company has not elected to 
 become a financial holding company, 
but it may elect to do so in the future. 
 Financial holding companies continue to be subject to Federal Reserve supervision, regulation 
and examination, but the 
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 the GLB Act applies the concept of functional 
regulation to subsidiary activities. 
For 
 example, insurance activities would be subject to supervision and regulation by state insurance 
authorities. 

 The BHC Act permits acquisitions of banks by bank holding companies, subject 
to various restrictions, including that the 
 acquirer is well capitalized and well managed . 
Bank mergers are also subject to the approval of the acquiring bank s 
 primary federal regulator and the Bank Merger Act. 
The BHC Act and the Bank Merger Act provide various generally 
 similar statutory factors. 
Under the Alabama Banking Code, with the prior approval of the Alabama 
Superintendent, an 
 Alabama bank may acquire and operate one or more banks in other states pursuant to 
a transaction in which the Alabama 
 bank is the surviving bank. 
In addition, one or more Alabama banks may enter into a merger 
transaction with one or more 
 out-of-state banks, and an out-of-state bank resulting from such transaction 
may continue to operate the acquired branches 
 in Alabama. 
The Dodd-Frank Act permits banks, including Alabama banks, to branch anywhere 
in the United States. 
 Bank mergers are also subject to the approval of the acquiring bank s 
primary federal regulator. 
On March 19, 2022, the 
 FDIC published a Request for Information and Comment on Rules, Regulations, 
Guidance, and Statements of Policy 
 Regarding Bank Merger Transactions (the 
 FDIC Notice ). 
The FDIC solicited comments from interested parties 
 regarding the application of the laws, practices, rules, regulations, guidance, and statements 
of policy (together, regulatory 
 framework) that apply to merger transactions involving one 
or more insured depository institution, including the merger 
 between an insured depository institution and a noninsured institution. The FDIC is interested 
in receiving comments 
 regarding the effectiveness of the existing framework in 
meeting the requirements of the Bank Merger Act. 

 The Request described the consolidation of the banking industry, 
the increase in the number of large and systemically 
 important banking organizations and the need to evaluate large 
mergers financial stability and resolution of failing bank 
 risks consistent with the Dodd-Frank Act changes to the BHC Act and the Bank Merger 
Act, and the effects of banking 
 mergers on competition. 
The FDIC Notice also stated that Executive Order Promoting Competition in the 
American 
 Economy (July 9, 2021) (the Executive Order ), among other things, instructs U.S. 
agencies to consider the impact that 
 consolidation may have on maintaining a fair, open, 
and competitive marketplace, and on the welfare of workers, farmers, 
 small businesses, startups, and consumers. 
The FDIC requested comment on all aspects of the bank regulatory 
 framework, including qualitative and quantitative support for such responses. 
The other Federal bank regulators as well as 
 the U.S. Department of Justice are also considering the framework for 
mergers involving banking organizations, including 
 the competitive effects of such combinations. 
The federal bank regulators have not announced any conclusions, but these 
 reviews could result in changes to the frameworks used to evaluate banking combinations 
which could make such 
 combinations more difficult, time consuming and expensive. 

Table of Contents 
 9 
 The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. 
Various 
legal limitations restrict the Bank from lending 
 or otherwise supplying funds to the Company. 
The Company and the Bank are subject to Sections 23A and 23B of the 
 Federal Reserve Act 
and Federal Reserve Regulation W thereunder. 
Section 23A defines covered transactions, which 
 include extensions of credit, and limits a bank s covered 
transactions with any affiliate to 10 of such bank s 
capital and 
 surplus. 
All covered and exempt transactions between a bank and its affiliates must be 
on terms and conditions consistent 
 with safe and sound banking practices, and banks and their subsidiaries are prohibited 
from purchasing low-quality assets 
 from the bank s affiliates. 
Finally, Section 23A requires 
that all of a bank s extensions of credit 
to its affiliates be 
 appropriately secured by permissible collateral, generally United States government 
or agency securities. 
Section 23B of 
 the Federal Reserve Act generally requires covered and other transactions among affiliates 
to be on terms and under 
 circumstances, including credit standards, that are substantially the same as or at least as 
favorable to the bank or its 
 subsidiary as those prevailing at the time for similar transactions with unaffiliated 
companies. 

 Federal Reserve policy and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended 
by the Dodd-Frank Act, require a bank holding 
 company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its FDIC-insured 
subsidiaries and to take measures to 
 preserve and protect such bank subsidiaries in situations where additional investments 
in a bank subsidiary may not 
 otherwise be warranted. 
In the event an FDIC-insured subsidiary becomes subject to a capital restoration 
plan with its 
 regulators, the parent bank holding company is required to guarantee performance of 
such plan up to 5 of the bank s 
 assets, and such guarantee is given priority in bankruptcy of the bank holding company. 
In addition, where a bank holding 
 company has more than one bank or thrift subsidiary, 
each of the bank holding company s 
subsidiary depository institutions 
 may be responsible for any losses to the FDIC s 
Deposit Insurance Fund DIF ), if an affiliated depository institution 
fails. 

 As a result, a bank holding company may be required to loan money to a bank subsidiary in the 
form of subordinate capital 
 notes or other instruments which qualify as capital under bank regulatory rules. 
However, any loans from the holding 
 company to such subsidiary banks likely will be unsecured and subordinated to 
such bank s depositors and to other 
 creditors of the bank. 
See Capital. 
 As a result of legislation in 2014 and 2018, the Federal Reserve has revised its Small Bank 
Holding Company Policy 
 Statement (the Small BHC Policy to expand it to include thrift holding companies and increase 
the size of small for 
 qualifying bank and thrift holding companies from 500 million to up to 3 
billion of pro forma consolidated assets. 
 The Federal Reserve confirmed in 2018 that the Company is eligible for treatment as 
a small banking holding company 
 under the Small BHC Policy. 
As a result, unless and until the Company fails to qualify under the Small BHC Policy, 
the 
 Company s capital adequacy 
will continue to be evaluated on a bank only basis. 
See Capital. 
 Bank Regulation 
 The Bank is a state bank that is a member of the Federal Reserve. 
It is subject to supervision, regulation and examination 
 by the Federal Reserve and the Alabama Superintendent, which monitor all areas 
of the Bank s operations, including loans, 
 reserves, mortgages, issuances and redemption of capital securities, payment of dividends, 
establishment of branches, 
 capital adequacy and compliance with laws. 
The Bank is a member of the FDIC and, as such, its deposits are insured by 
 the FDIC to the maximum extent provided by law, 
and the Bank is subject to various FDIC regulations applicable to FDIC-
 insured banks. 
See FDIC Insurance Assessments. 
 Alabama law permits statewide branching by banks. 
The powers granted to Alabama-chartered banks by state law include 
 certain provisions designed to provide such banks competitive equality with national 
banks. 

Table of Contents 
 10 
 The Federal Reserve has adopted the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council s FFIEC Uniform Financial 
 Institutions Rating System UFIRS ), which assigns each financial institution a 
confidential composite CAMELS rating 
 based on an evaluation and rating of six essential components of an institution s 
financial condition and operations: 

 C
 apital 
 Adequacy, 
 A
 sset Quality, 
 M
 anagement, 
 E
 arnings, 
 L
 iquidity and 
 S
 ensitivity to market risk, as well as the quality of risk 
 management practices. 
For most institutions, the FFIEC has indicated that market risk primarily reflects 
exposures to 
 changes in interest rates. 
When regulators evaluate this component, consideration is expected 
to be given to: management s 
 ability to identify, measure, 
monitor and control market risk; the institution s 
size; the nature and complexity of its activities 
 and its risk profile; and the adequacy of its capital and earnings in relation to its level of market risk exposure. 
Market risk 
 is rated based upon, but not limited to, an assessment of the sensitivity of the financial institution s 
earnings or the 
 economic value of its capital to adverse changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, 
commodity prices or equity prices; 
 management s ability to identify, 
measure, monitor and control exposure to market risk; and the nature and 
complexity of 
 interest rate risk exposure arising from non-trading positions. Composite 
ratings are based on evaluations of an institution s 
 managerial, operational, financial and compliance performance. The 
composite CAMELS rating is not an arithmetical 
 formula or rigid weighting of numerical component ratings. Elements of 
subjectivity and examiner judgment, especially as 
 these relate to qualitative assessments, are important elements in assigning ratings. 
The federal bank regulatory agencies 
 are reviewing the CAMELS rating system and their consistency. 
 In addition, and separate from the interagency UFIRS, the Federal Reserve assigns a risk 
-management rating to all state 
 member banks. The summary, 
or composite, rating, as well as each of the assessment areas, including risk management, 
is 
 delineated on a numerical scale of 1 to 5, with 1 being the highest or best possible rating. Thus, 
a bank with a composite 
 rating of 1 requires the lowest level of supervisory attention while a 5-rated bank has the 
most critically deficient level of 
 performance and therefore requires the highest degree of supervisory attention. 

 The GLB Act and related regulations require banks and their affiliated companies 
to adopt and disclose privacy policies, 
 including policies regarding the sharing of personal information with third parties. 
The GLB Act also permits bank 
 subsidiaries to engage in financial activities similar to those permitted to financial 
holding companies. In December 2015, 
 Congress amended the GLB Act as part of the Fixing America s 
Surface Transportation Act. This amendment 
provided 
 financial institutions that meet certain conditions an exemption to the requirement to deliver 
an annual privacy notice. On 
 August 10, 2018, the federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB 
announced that it had finalized conforming 
 amendments to its implementing regulation, Regulation P. 

 A variety of federal and state privacy laws govern the collection, safeguarding, sharing and 
use of customer information, 
 and require that financial institutions have policies regarding information privacy 
and security. Some state laws also 
protect 
 the privacy of information of state residents and require adequate security of such data, 
and certain state laws may, in 
some 
 circumstances, require us to notify affected individuals of security breaches 
of computer databases that contain their 
 personal information. These laws may also require us to notify law enforcement, regulators 
or consumer reporting agencies 
 in the event of a data breach, as well as businesses and governmental agencies that own data. 
 H.R. 1165, The Data Privacy Act of 2023, 
was introduced in Congress on February 24, 2023 by Rep. McHenry, 
the 
 Chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, to which the Bill was referred. 
It amends various sections of the 
 GLB Act and preempts certain state privacy laws. 
Its preemption provisions have triggered opposition by the minority in 
 the House of Representatives. 

Table of Contents 
 11 
 Community Reinvestment Act and Consumer Laws 
 The Bank is subject to the provisions 
of the CRA and the Federal Reserve s CRA 
regulations. 
Under the CRA, all FDIC-
 insured institutions have a continuing and affirmative obligation, 
consistent with their safe and sound operation, to help 
 meet the credit needs for their entire communities, including low- 
and moderate-income LMI neighborhoods. 
The CRA 
 requires a depository institution s primary 
federal regulator to periodically assess the institution s 
record of assessing and 
 meeting the credit needs of the communities served by that institution, including low 
- 
and moderate-income neighborhoods. 

 The bank regulatory agency s 
CRA assessment is publicly available. 
Further, consideration of the CRA is required of any 
 FDIC-insured institution that has applied to: (i) charter a national bank; (ii) obtain deposit 
insurance coverage for a newly-
 chartered institution; (iii) establish a new branch office that accepts 
deposits; (iv) relocate an office; or (v) merge or 
 consolidate with, or acquire the assets or assume the liabilities of, an FDIC-insured financial 
institution. 
In the case of bank 
 holding company applications to acquire a bank or other bank holding company, 
the Federal Reserve will assess and 
 emphasize CRA records of each subsidiary depository institution of the applicant bank 
holding company and the target 
 bank in meeting the needs of their entire communities, including LMI neighborhoods, 
and such records may be the basis for 
 denying the application. 
A less than satisfactory CRA rating will slow, 
if not preclude, acquisitions, and new branches and 
 other expansion activities and may prevent a company from becoming a financial 
holding company. 
The Federal Reserve 
 also considers the effect of a bank acquisition proposal on the convenience 
and need of the markets served by the 
 combining organizations. 

 CRA agreements with private parties must be disclosed and annual 
CRA reports must be made to a bank s primary 
federal 
 regulator. 
Community benefit plans have become common in banking mergers, especially 
larger bank combinations. 
The 
 National Community Resolution Coalition reported in February 2023 
that it had executed more than 20 community benefit 
 plans with banking organizations. 
A financial holding company election, and such election and financial holding company 
 activities are permitted to be continued, only if any affiliated 
bank has not received less than a satisfactory CRA rating. 

 The federal CRA regulations require that evidence of discriminatory, 
illegal or abusive lending practices be considered in 
 the CRA evaluation. 

 On December 13, 2019, the FDIC and OCC issued a joint notice of proposed rulemaking 
seeking comment on modernizing 
 the agencies CRA regulations. The OCC issued final revised CRA Rules effective 
October 1, 2020, which were repealed 
 in 2021. 
The Federal bank regulators are cooperating and working on new joint CRA regulations, 
which were proposed in 
 May 2022. 
 The Bank is also subject to, among other things, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (the 
 ECOA and the Fair Housing Act 
 and other fair lending laws, which prohibit discrimination based on race or 
color, religion, national origin, sex and familial 
 status in any aspect of a consumer or commercial credit or residential real estate transaction. 
The Department of Justice 
 (the DOJ ), and the federal bank regulatory agencies have issued an Interagency Policy 
Statement on Discrimination in 
 Lending to provide guidance to financial institutions in determining whether discrimination 
exists, how the agencies will 
 respond to lending discrimination, and what steps lenders might take to prevent discriminatory 
lending practices. 
The DOJ 
 has prosecuted what it regards as violations of the ECOA, the Fair Housing Act, and 
the fair lending laws, generally. 
 The Bank had a satisfactory CRA rating in its latest CRA public evaluation dated February 28, 
2022, with satisfactory 
 ratings on both its lending and community development tests. 
 On December 13, 2019, the FDIC and OCC issued a joint notice of proposed rulemaking 
seeking comment on modernizing 
 the agencies CRA regulations. The OCC issued final revised CRA Rules effective 
October 1, 2020, which were repealed 
 in 2021. 
The Federal bank regulators are cooperating and working on new joint CRA regulations, 
which were proposed by 
 the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the Comptroller of the Currency in May and June 2022. 
 Proposed Revision of CRA Regulations 
 The federal banking regulators jointly proposed (the CRA Proposal 
revised CRA regulations on June 3, 2022. 
It is 
 currently anticipated that these revised regulations may be adopted in the first half of 2023. 

Table of Contents 
 12 
 The objectives of the proposed CRA regulations included: 
 
 Update CRA regulations to strengthen the achievement of the core purpose of the statute; 

Adapt to changes in the banking industry, 
including the expanded role of mobile and online banking; 

Provide greater clarity and consistency in the application of the regulations; 

Tailor performance standards 
to account for differences in bank size and business models 
and local conditions; 

Tailor data collection 
and reporting requirements and use existing data whenever possible; 

Promote transparency and public engagement; 

Confirm that CRA and fair lending 
responsibilities are mutually reinforcing; and 

Create a consistent regulatory approach that applies to banks regulated by all three agencies. 
 The proposed regulations create a new framework for evaluating CRA performance. 
The new framework would establish 
 the following four tests for large banks: Retail Lending Test; 
Retail Services and Products Test; 
Community Development 
 Financing Test; and Community 
Development Services Test. 
Intermediate banks would be evaluated under the Retail 
 Lending Test and the 
 status quo
 
community development test, unless they choose to opt into the Community Development 
 Financing Test. Small banks 
would be evaluated under the 
 status quo
 
small bank lending test, unless they choose to opt into 
 the Retail Lending Test. Wholesale 
and limited purpose banks would be evaluated under a tailored version of the 
 Community Development Financing Test. 

 The bank is currently an intermediate small bank . 
As currently proposed, the Bank would be an intermediate bank 
 until it reached 2.0 billion or more in assets at the date(s) of determination. 
Intermediate banks would be evaluated 
 generally under the new Retail Lending Test 
for intermediate banks and a community development test. 
The release 
 proposing the new rules states that the proposed Retail Lending Test 
represents a significant change from the lending test 
 applicable to intermediate small banks in the agencies' current regulations, but intermediate 
banks would not need to 
 collect, maintain, or report data to facilitate the application of this test. 
Instead, as under the current CRA regulations, 
 examiners would continue to use information gathered from individual loan 
files or maintained on an intermediate bank's 
 internal operating systems for purposes of the Retail Lending Test. 
The proposed intermediate bank Community 
 Development Test evaluates all 
community development activities, including community development loans, 
qualified 
 investments, and community development services. 
The Retail Lending and Community Development tests will be 
 weighted equally in determining intermediate banks CRA evaluations. 
 The proposed Retail Lending Test 
 is intended to make a bank's retail lending evaluation more transparent and predictable 
 by specifying quantitative standards for lending consistent with achieving, 
for example, a Low Satisfactory or 
 Outstanding conclusion in an assessment area. The proposed rule would limit the evaluation 
of an intermediate bank's 
 retail lending performance to areas outside of its facility-based assessment areas only if it 
does more than 50 percent of its 
 lending outside of its facility-based assessment areas. 
Under the Retail Lending test, an intermediate bank s 
lending test 
 would be based on its major product lines in each assessment area. 
A major product line would be one or more of the six 
 retail loan product types: closed-end home mortgage loans; open-end home 
mortgage loans; multifamily mortgage loans; 
 small business loans; small farm loans; or automobile loans. 
 The CRA Proposal states that the agencies believe retail lending remains a core 
part of a bank's affirmative obligation 
 under the CRA to meet the credit needs of their entire communities. At the same time, the 
agencies recognize that, 
 compared to large banks, intermediate banks might not offer 
as wide a range of retail products and services, have a more 
 limited capacity to conduct community development activities, and 
may focus on the local communities where their 
 branches are located. 
The CRA Proposal reflects the agencies views that banks of this size should have 
meaningful 
 capacity to conduct community development financing, as they do under 
the current approach. 
The CRA Proposal states 
 that the community development criteria for intermediate banks is unchanged 
from the current intermediate small bank 
 community development test. 
 Intermediate banks would generally be exempt from the data collection, 
maintenance, and reporting requirements 
 applicable to large banks under the 
CRA Proposal. 
 Banks are currently required to delineate their CRA assessment areas. 
The Bank currently designates two assessment 
 areas the Auburn-Opelika MSA (lee County) and the Chambers-Macon-Tallapoosa 
assessment area comprised of 
 Chambers, Macon, and Tallapoosa 
Counties. 
The Bank operates two branches in the Chambers, Macon and Tallapoosa 
 Counties. 
The CRA Proposal seeks to recognize electronic and remote delivery services. 
Intermediate banks must 
 designate one or more facilities based CRA assessment areas. 

Table of Contents 
 13 
 The facilities based CRA assessment area under the CRA Proposal 
would include a bank s main office, branches, 
and 
 deposit-taking ATMs. 
An intermediate bank could continue to adjust the boundaries of a facilities based 
assessment area to 
 include whole census tracts of a county or statistically equivalent entity that the bank could 
reasonably be expected to serve. 

 Facilities based assessment areas could not extend across a state or metropolitan 
statistical area (MSA) boundary, 
unless the 
 facilities were located in a multistate MSA or combined statistical area. 
Retail lending activities outside an intermediate 
 bank s Facilities based assessment area 
would be considered in aggregate at the bank level if such outside retail lending was 
 more than 50 of the bank s total retail lending. 
Otherwise, outside retail lending would not be considered. 
Community 
 development 
activities outside an intermediate bank s 
facilities based assessment area generally would not be considered. 
 The federal bank regulators have updated their guidance several times on overdrafts, including overdrafts 
incurred at 
 automated teller machines and point of sale terminals. 
Overdrafts also have been a CFPB concern, and in 2021 began 
 refocusing on this issue with a view to insure that banks continue to evolve their businesses 
to reduce reliance on overdraft 
 and not sufficient funds fees. 
Among other things, the federal regulators require banks to monitor accounts and 
to limit 
 the use of overdrafts by customers as a form of short-term, high-cost credit, including, 
for example, giving customers who 
 overdraw their accounts on more than six occasions where a fee is charged 
in a rolling 12 month period a reasonable 
 opportunity to choose a less costly alternative and decide whether to continue with fee-based 
overdraft coverage. 
It also 
 encourages placing appropriate daily limits on overdraft fees, and asks banks to 
consider eliminating overdraft fees for 
 transactions that overdraw an account by a de minimis amount. 
Overdraft policies, processes, fees and disclosures are 
 frequently the subject of litigation against banks in various jurisdictions. The 
federal bank regulators continue to consider 
 responsible small dollar lending, including overdrafts and related fee issues and issued principals 
for offering small-dollar 
 loans in a responsible manner on May 20, 2020. 
 CFPB Consumer Financial Protection Circular 2022-06 (Oct. 26, 2022) 
concluded that overdraft fee practices must comply 
 with Regulation Z, Regulation E, and the prohibition against unfair, 
deceptive, and abusive acts or practices in Section 1036 
 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act. 
Further, 
overdraft fees assessed by financial institutions on transactions that a 
 consumer would not reasonably anticipate are likely unfair even if these comply 
with these other consumer laws and 
 regulations. The CFPB proposed on February 6, 2019 to rescind its mandatory underwriting 
standards for loans covered by 
 its 2017 Payday, Vehicle 
Title and Certain High-Cost Installment Loans rule, 
and has separately proposed delaying the 
 effectiveness of such 2017 rule. 
 The CFPB has a broad mandate to regulate consumer financial products and services, 
whether or not offered by banks or 
 their affiliates. 
The CFPB has the authority to adopt regulations and enforce various laws, including 
fair lending laws, the 
 Truth in Lending Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer 
Act, mortgage lending rules, the Truth in Savings Act, the Fair 
Credit 
 Reporting Act and Privacy of Consumer Financial Information rules. 
Although the CFPB does not examine or supervise 
 banks with less than 10 billion in assets, banks of all sizes are affected by the CFPB s 
regulations, and the precedents set 
 in CFPB enforcement actions and interpretations. 
 Residential Mortgages 
 CFPB regulations require that lenders determine whether a consumer 
has the ability to repay a mortgage loan. 
These 
 regulations establish certain minimum requirements for creditors 
when making ability to repay determinations, and provide 
 certain safe harbors from liability for mortgages that are "qualified 
mortgages" and are not higher-priced. 
Generally, 
 these CFPB regulations apply to all consumer, closed-end 
loans secured by a dwelling including home-purchase loans, 
 refinancing and home equity loans whether first or subordinate lien. Qualified 
mortgages must generally satisfy detailed 
 requirements related to product features, underwriting standards, 
and requirements where the total points and fees on a 
 mortgage loan cannot exceed specified amounts or percentages of the total loan amount. 
Qualified mortgages must have: 
 (1) a term not exceeding 30 years; (2) regular periodic payments that do not result in negative 
amortization, deferral of 
 principal repayment, or a balloon payment; (3) and be supported with documentation of the 
borrower and its credit. On 
 December 10, 2020, the CFPB issued final rules related to qualified mortgage loans. Lenders 
are required under the law 
 to determine that consumers have the ability to repay mortgage loans before lenders 
make those loans. Loans that meet 
 standards for QM loans are presumed to be loans for which consumers have the ability to 
repay. 
 We focus our residential 
mortgage origination on qualified mortgages and those that meet our investors requirements, 
but 
 we may make loans that do not meet the safe harbor requirements for qualified 
mortgages. 

Table of Contents 
 14 
 The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 
(the 2018 Growth Act provides that 
 certain residential mortgages held in portfolio by banks with less than 10 billion in consolidated 
assets automatically are 
 deemed qualified mortgages. This relieves smaller institutions from 
many of the requirements to satisfy the criteria listed 
 above for qualified mortgages. Mortgages meeting the qualified 
mortgage safe harbor may not have negative 
 amortization, must follow prepayment penalty limitations included in the Truth 
in Lending Act, and may not have fees 
 greater than 3 of the total value of the loan. 
 The Bank generally services the loans it originates, including those it sells. 
The CFPB s mortgage servicing standards 
 include requirements regarding force-placed insurance, certain notices 
prior to rate adjustments on adjustable rate 
 mortgages, and periodic disclosures to borrowers. Servicers are prohibited 
from processing foreclosures when a loan 
 modification is pending, and must wait until a loan is more than 120 days delinquent 
before initiating a foreclosure action. 
 Servicers must provide borrowers with direct and ongoing access to its personnel, 
and provide prompt review of any loss 
 mitigation application. Servicers must maintain accurate and accessible 
mortgage records for the life of a loan and until one 
 year after the loan is paid off or transferred. These standards increase the cost and compliance 
risks of servicing mortgage 
 loans, and the mandatory delays in foreclosures could result in loss of value on collateral or 
the proceeds we may realize 
 from a sale of foreclosed property. 

 The Federal Housing Finance Authority FHFA 
updated, effective January 1, 2016, The Federal National Mortgage 
 Association s Fannie Mae s 
and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac s 
(individually and 
 collectively, GSE repurchase 
rules, including the kinds of loan defects that could lead to a repurchase request to, or 
 alternative remedies with, the mortgage loan originator or seller. 
These rules became effective January 1, 2016. 
FHFA also 
 has updated these GSEs representations and warranties framework and provided 
an independent dispute resolution 
 IDR process to allow a neutral third party to resolve demands after the GSEs quality 
control and appeal processes have 
 been exhausted. 
 The Bank is subject to the CFPB s integrated 
disclosure rules under the Truth in Lending Act and the 
Real Estate 
 Settlement Procedures Act, referred to as TRID , for credit transactions secured 
by real property. Our residential 
mortgage 
 strategy, product offerings, 
and profitability may change as these regulations are interpreted and applied 
in practice, and 
 may also change due to any restructuring of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as part of the resolution 
of their conservatorships. 
 The 2018 Growth Act reduced the scope of TRID rules by eliminating the wait time for 
a mortgage, if an additional creditor 
 offers a consumer a second offer with a lower annual percentage 
rate. Congress encouraged federal regulators to provide 
 better guidance on TRID in an effort to provide a clearer understanding 
for consumers and bankers alike. The law also 
 provides partial exemptions from the collection, recording and reporting requirements 
under Sections 304(b)(5) and (6) of 
 the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act HMDA ), for those banks with fewer than 500 
closed-end mortgages or less than 
 500 open-end lines of credit in both of the preceding two years, provided 
the bank s rating under the CRA for the previous 
 two years has been at least satisfactory. 
On August 31, 2018, the CFPB issued an interpretive and procedural rule to 
 implement and clarify these requirements under the 2018 Growth Act. 

 The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act 
was enacted on March 27, 2020. Section 4013 of 
 the CARES Act, Temporary 
Relief From Troubled Debt Restructurings, provides banks 
the option to temporarily 
 suspend certain requirements under ASC 340-10 TDR classifications 
for a limited period of time to account for the effects 
 of COVID-19. On April 7, 2020, the Federal Reserve and the other banking agencies and 
regulators issued a statement, 
 Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications and Reporting for Financial Institutions 
Working With 
Customers Affected 
 by the Coronavirus (Revised) (the Interagency Statement on COVID-19 
Loan Modifications ), to encourage banks to 
 work prudently with borrowers and to describe the agencies interpretation of 
how accounting rules under ASC 310-40, 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors, apply to covered 
modifications. The Interagency Statement on COVID-19 
 Loan Modifications was supplemented on June 23, 2020 by the Interagency Examiner 
Guidance for Assessing Safety and 
 Soundness Considering the Effect of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Institutions. 
If a loan modification is eligible, a bank may 
 elect to account for the loan under section 4013 of the CARES Act. If a loan modification is not eligible 
under section 
 4013, or if the bank elects not to account for the loan modification under section 4013, 
the Revised Statement includes 
 criteria when a bank may presume a loan modification is not a TDR in accordance 
with ASC 310-40. 

Table of Contents 
 15 
 Section 4021 of the CARES Act allows borrowers under 1-to-4 family residential 
mortgage loans sold to Fannie Mae to 
 request forbearance to the servicer after affirming that such borrower is experiencing 
financial hardships during the 
 COVID-19 emergency. 
Such forbearance will be up to 180 days, subject to up to a 180-day extension. During 
forbearance, 
 no fees, penalties or interest shall be charged beyond those applicable 
if all contractual payments were fully and timely 
 paid. Except for vacant or abandoned properties, Fannie Mae servicers 
may not initiate foreclosures on similar procedures 
 or related evictions or sales until December 31, 2020. The forbearance period 
was extended to February 28, 2021 and then 
 again to March 31, 2021 after being extended earlier to February 28, 2021. 
Borrowers who are on a COVID-19 forbearance 
 plan as of February 28, 2021 may apply for an additional forbearance extension of up to 
three additional months. The Bank 
 sells mortgage loans to Fannie Mae and services these on an actual/actual basis. As a 
result, the Bank is not obligated to 
 make any advances to Fannie Mae on principal and interest on such mortgage loans where 
the borrower is entitled to 
 forbearance. 
 FinCEN published a request for information and comment on December 15, 2021 
seeking ways to streamline, modernize 
 the United States AML and countering the financing of terrorists. 
 Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions 
 The International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorism 
Funding Act of 2001 specifies know your customer 
 requirements that obligate financial institutions to take actions to verify the identity of the 
account holders in connection 
 with opening an account at any U.S. financial institution. 
Bank regulators are required to consider compliance with anti-
 money laundering laws in acting upon merger and acquisition and 
other expansion proposals under the BHC Act and the 
 Bank Merger Act, and sanctions for violations of this Act can be imposed 
in an amount equal to twice the sum involved in 
 the violating transaction, up to 1 million. 

 Under the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools 
Required to Intercept and Obstruct 
 Terrorism Act of 2001 
(the USA PATRIOT 
Act ), financial institutions are subject to prohibitions against specified 
 financial transactions and account relationships as well as to enhanced due diligence and 
 know your customer standards 
 in their dealings with foreign financial institutions and foreign customers. 

 The USA PATRIOT 
Act requires financial institutions to establish anti-money laundering 
programs, and sets forth 
 minimum standards, or pillars for these programs, including: 

the development of internal policies, procedures, and controls; 
 
 the designation of a compliance officer; 

an ongoing employee training program; 

an independent audit function to test the programs; and 
 
 ongoing customer due diligence and monitoring. 
 Federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN rules effective 
May 2018 require banks to know the beneficial 
 owners of customers that are not natural persons, update customer information in order 
to develop a customer risk profile, 
 and generally monitor such matters. 

 On August 13, 2020, the federal bank regulators issued a joint statement clarifying that isolated 
or technical violations or 
 deficiencies are generally not considered the kinds of problems that would 
result in an enforcement action. The statement 
 addresses how the agencies evaluate violations of individual pillars of the Bank Secrecy 
Act and anti-money laundering 
 AML/BSA compliance program. It describes how the agencies incorporate 
the customer due diligence regulations and 
 recordkeeping requirements issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury Treasury as part of the internal controls 
 pillar of a financial institution's AML/BSA compliance program. 
 On September 16, 2020, FinCEN issued an advanced notice of proposed 
rulemaking seeking public comment on a wide 
 range of potential regulatory amendments under the Bank Secrecy Act. The proposal 
seeks comment on incorporating an 
 effective and reasonably designed AML/BSA program component 
to empower financial institutions to allocate resources 
 more effectively. 
This component also would seek to implement a common understanding between 
supervisory agencies 
 and financial institutions regarding the necessary AML/BSA program elements, 
and would seek to impose minimal 
 additional obligations on AML programs that already comply under the existing supervisory 
framework. 

Table of Contents 
 16 
 On October 23, 2020, FinCEN and the Federal Reserve invited comment on a proposed 
rule that would amend the 
 recordkeeping and travel rules under the Bank Secrecy Act, which would lower the applicable 
threshold from 3,000 to 
 250 for international transactions and apply these to transactions using convertible 
virtual currencies and digital assets 
 with legal tender status. 
 On January 1, 2021, Congress enacted the Anti-Money Laundering 
Act of 2020 and the Corporate Transparency Act 
 (collectively, the AML 
Act ), to strengthen anti-money laundering and countering terrorism 
financing programs. Among 
 other things, the AML Act: 
 
 specifies uniform disclosure of beneficial ownership information for all U.S. and 
foreign entities conducting 
 business in the U.S.; 
 
 increases potential fines and penalties for BSA violations and improves whistleblower 
incentives; 
 
 codifies the risk-based approach to AML compliance; 
 
 modernizes AML systems; 
 
 expands the duties and powers FinCEN; and 
 
 emphasizes coordination and information-sharing among financial institutions, U.S. 
financial regulators and 
 foreign financial regulators. 
 The Corporate Transparency Act (the CTA 
was adopted as Title LXIV of the William 
M. (Mac) Thornberry National 
 Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2021. 
FinCEN adopted a final regulation as 31 C.F.R. 
101.380 on September 
 30, 2022, which is effective on January 1, 2024 to implement the CTA. 
These regulations require entities to report 
 information about their beneficial owners and the individuals who created the entity (together, 
beneficial ownership 
 information or BOI). 
FinCEN explained that the proposed rule would help protect the U.S. financial system from illicit 
use 
 by making it more difficult for bad actors to conceal their financial activities 
through entities with opaque ownership 
 structures. 
FinCEN also explained that the proposed reporting obligations would provide 
essential information to law 
 enforcement and others to help prevent corrupt actors, terrorists, and proliferators from hiding 
money or other property in 
 the United States. 
The new rules expand financial institutions obligations under the Customer 
Due Diligence Rule 
 CDD Rule to collect information and verify the beneficial ownership of legal entities. 

 The United States has imposed various sanctions upon various foreign countries, 
such as China, Iran, North Korea, Russia 
 and Venezuela, 
and their certain government officials and persons. 
Banks are required to comply with these sanctions, 
 which require additional 
customer screening and transaction monitoring. 
 Russia s February 2022 invasion 
of Ukraine has generated a significant number of new sanctions on Russia, Russian 
 persons and suppliers of military or dual-purpose products to Russia, 
The Federal bank regulators have issued alerts that 
 Russia and others may step up cyber attacks and data intrusions following the invasion. 
FinCen has issued four alerts on 
 potential Russian illicit financial activity since February 2022. 
On January 25, 2023 FinCEN issued an alert to financial 
 institutions on potential investments in the U.S. commercial real estate sector by sanctioned 
Russian elites, oligarchs, their 
 family members, and the entities through which they act. The alert listed 
potential red flags and typologies involving 
 attempted sanctions evasion in the commercial real estate sector, 
and reminds financial institutions of their Bank Secrecy 
 Act (BSA) reporting obligations. 

 Bill H.R. 1164, the OFAC 
Outreach and Engagement Capabilities and Enhancement 
Act, was introduced in Congress on 
 February 24, 2023. 
It would set up a review of and improve OFAC 
outreach and communications to assist financial 
 institutions to better understand and comply with OFAC 
sanctions. 
 Other Laws and Regulations 
 The Company is also required to comply with various corporate governance and financial 
reporting requirements under the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as related rules and regulations adopted 
by the SEC, the Public Company Accounting 
 Oversight Board and Nasdaq. In particular, the Company 
is required to report annually on internal controls as part of its 
 annual report pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

Table of Contents 
 17 
 The Company has evaluated its controls, including compliance 
with the SEC and FDIC rules on internal controls, and 
 expects to continue to spend significant amounts of time and money on compliance 
with these rules. If the Company fails to 
 comply with these internal control rules in the future, it may materially adversely 
affect its reputation, its ability to obtain 
 the necessary certifications to its financial statements, its relations with its regulators 
and other financial institutions with 
 which it deals, and its ability to access the capital markets and offer and sell Company 
securities on terms and conditions 
 acceptable to the Company. The Company s 
assessment of its financial reporting controls as of December 31, 2022 are 
 included in this report with no material weaknesses reported. 
 Payment of Dividends and Repurchases of Capital Instruments 
 The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. The Company s 
primary source of cash is dividends 
 from the Bank. Prior regulatory approval is required if the total of all dividends declared 
by a state member bank (such as 
 the Bank) in any calendar year will exceed the sum of such bank s 
net profits for the year and its retained net profits for the 
 preceding two calendar years, less any required transfers to surplus. During 2022, 
the Bank paid total cash dividends of 
 approximately 3.7 million to the Company. 
At December 31, 2022, the Bank could have declared and paid additional 
 dividends of approximately 13.9 million without prior regulatory approval. 
 In addition, the Company and the Bank are subject to various general regulatory policies and 
requirements relating to the 
 payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain capital above regulatory 
minimums. The appropriate federal and 
 state regulatory authorities are authorized to determine when the payment of dividends 
would be an unsafe or unsound 
 practice, and may prohibit such dividends. The Federal Reserve has indicated that paying 
dividends that deplete a state 
 member bank s capital base to an inadequate level 
would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. The Federal Reserve 
 has indicated that depository institutions and their holding companies should generally pay 
dividends only out of current 
 year s operating earnings. 

 Federal Reserve Supervisory Letter SR-09-4 (February 24, 2009), 
as revised December 21, 2015, applies to dividend 
 payments, stock redemptions and stock repurchases. 
Prior consultation with the Federal Reserve supervisory staff is 
 required before: 
 
 redemptions or repurchases of capital instruments when the bank 
holding company is experiencing financial 
 weakness; and 
 
 redemptions and purchases of common or perpetual preferred stock which 
would reduce such Tier 1 capital at end 
 of the period compared to the beginning of the period. 
 Bank holding company directors must consider different factors to 
ensure that its dividend level is prudent relative to 
 maintaining a strong financial position, and is not based on overly optimistic earnings 
scenarios, such as potential events 
 that could affect its ability to pay, 
while still maintaining a strong financial position. As a general matter, 
the Federal 
 Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company 
should consult with the Federal Reserve and 
 eliminate, defer or significantly reduce the bank holding company s 
dividends if: 
 
 its net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously 
paid during that 
 period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; 

its prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with its capital needs and overall 
current and prospective 
 financial condition; or 

It will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital 
adequacy ratios. 

 The Basel III Capital Rules further limit permissible dividends, stock repurchases and discretionary 
bonuses by the 
 Company and the Bank, respectively, 
unless the Company and the Bank meet the capital conservation buffer 
requirement. 

 See "Basel III Capital Rules." 

Table of Contents 
 18 
 Under a new provision of the capital rules, effective January 1, 
2021, if a bank s capital ratios are 
within its buffer 
 requirements, the maximum amount of capital distributions it can make is based 
on its eligible retained income. Eligible 
 retained income equals the greater of: 
 
 net income for the four preceding calendar quarters, net of any distributions and associated 
tax effects not already 
 reflected in net income; or 
 
 the average net income over the preceding four quarters. 
 Regulatory Capital Changes 
 
Simplification 
 The federal bank regulators issued final rules on July 22, 2019 simplifying their capital rules. 
The last of these changes 
 become effective on April 1, 2020. 
The principal changes for standardized approaches institutions, such the 
Company and 
 the Bank are: 
 
 Deductions from capital for certain items, such as temporary difference 
DTAs, MSAs and investments 
in 
 unconsolidated subsidiaries were decreased to those amounts that individually exceed 
25 of CET1; 
 
 Institutions can elect to deduct investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries or subject them 
to capital requirements; 
 and 
 
 Minority interests would be includable up to 10 of (i) CET1 capital, (ii) Tier 
1 capital and (iii) total capital. 
 
HVCRE 
 In December 2019, the federal banking regulators published a final rule, effective 
April 1, 2020, to implement the high 
 volatility commercial real estate, or HVCRE changes in Section 214 of the 2018 
Growth Act. 
Any HVCRE exposure 
 excludes loans made before January 1, 2015. 
The rules define HVCRE loans as loans secured by land or improved real 
 property that: 
 
 primarily finance or refinance the acquisition, development, or construction of real property; 
 
 the purpose of such loans must be to acquire, develop, or improve such real property into 
income producing 
 property; and 
 
 the repayment of the loan must depend on the future income or sales proceeds from, or refinancing 
of, such real 
 property. 
 Various 
exclusions from HVCRE are specified. 
The full value of any borrower contributed land (net of any liens on the 
 land securing HVCRE exposure) count toward the 15 capital contribution to 
the appraised as completed value, which is 
 one of the criteria for exemption form the heightened risk weight. 
Banking institutions and their holding companies are 
 required to assign 150 risk weight to HVCRE loans. 
 Capital 
 The Federal Reserve has risk-based capital guidelines for bank holding companies and 
state member banks, respectively. 

 These guidelines required, beginning December 31, 2019, a minimum ratio of capital to 
risk-weighted assets (including 
 certain off-balance sheet activities, such as standby letters of credit) 
and capital conservation buffer, totaling 10.5 . 
Tier 1 
 capital includes common equity and related retained earnings and a limited amount 
of qualifying preferred stock, less 
 goodwill and certain core deposit intangibles. 
Voting 
common equity must be the predominant form of capital. 
Tier 2 
 capital consists of non qualifying preferred stock, qualifying subordinated, 
perpetual, and/or mandatory convertible debt, 
 term subordinated debt and intermediate term preferred stock, up to 45 of pretax unrealized 
holding gains on available for 
 sale equity securities with readily determinable market values that are prudently 
valued, and a limited amount of general 
 loan loss allowance. Tier 1 and Tier 
2 capital equals total capital. 

Table of Contents 
 19 
 In addition, the Federal Reserve has established minimum leverage ratio guidelines 
for bank holding companies not subject 
 to the Small BHC Policy, and 
state member banks, which provide for a minimum leverage ratio of Tier 
1 capital to adjusted 
 average quarterly assets leverage ratio equal to 4 . 
However, bank regulators expect banks and bank holding 
 companies to operate with a higher leverage ratio. 
The guidelines also provide that institutions experiencing internal 
 growth or making acquisitions will be expected to maintain strong capital positions substantially 
above the minimum 
 supervisory levels without significant reliance on intangible assets. 
Higher capital may be required in individual cases and 
 depending upon a bank holding company s 
risk profile. 
All bank holding companies and banks are expected to hold capital 
 commensurate with the level and nature of their risks including the volume and severity of 
their problem loans. 

 Lastly, the Federal Reserve s 
guidelines indicate that the Federal Reserve will continue to consider a tangible 
Tier 1 
 leverage ratio (deducting all intangibles) in evaluating proposals for expansion or 
new activities. 
The level of Tier 1 
 capital to risk-adjusted assets is becoming more widely used by the bank regulators to 
measure capital adequacy. The 
 Federal Reserve has not advised the Company or the Bank of any specific minimum leverage 
ratio or tangible Tier 1 
 leverage ratio applicable to them. Under Federal Reserve policies, bank holding companies 
are generally expected to 
 operate with capital positions well above the minimum ratios. The Federal 
Reserve believes the risk-based ratios do not 
 fully take into account the quality of capital and interest rate, liquidity, 
market and operational risks. Accordingly, 
 supervisory assessments of capital adequacy may differ significantly 
from conclusions based solely on the level of an 
 organization s risk-based 
capital ratio. 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA ), among 
other things, requires the federal 
 banking agencies to take prompt corrective action regarding depository institutions that 
do not meet minimum capital 
 requirements. 
FDICIA establishes five capital tiers: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, 
 undercapitalized, 
 significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. 
A depository institution s capital tier will depend upon 
 how its capital levels compare to various relevant capital measures and certain other 
factors, as established by regulation. 

 See
 
 Prompt Corrective Action Rules. 
 Basel III Capital Rules 
 The Federal Reserve and the other bank regulators adopted in June 2013 final capital rules 
for bank holding companies and 
 banks implementing the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s 
 Basel III: A Global Regulatory Framework for more 
 Resilient Banks and Banking Systems. 
These new U.S. capital rules are called the Basel III Capital Rules, and 
generally 
 were fully phased-in on January 1, 2019. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules limit Tier 1 capital to 
common stock and noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, as well as 
 certain qualifying trust preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred 
stock issued before May 19, 2010, each of 
 which were grandfathered in Tier 1 capital for bank holding 
companies with less than 15 billion in assets. 
The Company 
 had no qualifying trust preferred securities or cumulative preferred stock outstanding at December 
31, 2021 or 2022. 
The 
 Basel III Capital Rules also introduced a new capital measure, Common Equity 
Tier I Capital or CET1. 
CET1 includes 
 common stock and related surplus, retained earnings and, subject to certain adjustments, 
minority common equity interests 
 in subsidiaries. 
CET1 is reduced by deductions for: 
 
 Goodwill and other intangibles, other than mortgage servicing assets MSRs ), 
which are treated separately, net 
 of associated deferred tax liabilities DTLs 

Deferred tax assets DTAs 
arising from operating losses and tax credit carryforwards net of allowances and 
 DTLs; 

Gains on sale from any securitization exposure; and 

Defined benefit pension fund net assets (i.e., excess plan assets), net of associated DTLs. 
 The Company made a one-time election in 2015 and, as a result, the Company s 
CET1 is not adjusted for certain 
 accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI ). 

Table of Contents 
 20 
 Additional threshold deductions of the following that are individually greater 
than 10 of CET1 or collectively greater 
 than 15 of CET1 (after the above deductions are also made): 
 
 MSAs, net of associated DTLs; 
 
 DTAs arising from temporary 
differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks, 
net of 
 any valuation allowances and DTLs; and 
 
 Significant common stock investments in unconsolidated financial institutions, 
net of associated DTLs. 
 As discussed below, recent regulations 
change these items to simplify and improve their capital treatment for regulatory 
 capital purposes. 
 Noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and Tier 
1 minority interest not included in CET1, subject to limits, will qualify as 
 additional Tier I capital. 
All other qualifying preferred stock, subordinated debt and qualifying minority interests 
will be 
 included in Tier 2 capital. 
 In addition to the minimum risk-based capital requirements, a new capital 
conservation buffer of CET1 capital of at least 
 2.5 of total risk weighted assets, will be required. 
The capital conservation buffer will be calculated as the 
 lowest
 
of: 
 
 the banking organization s 
CET1 capital ratio minus 4.5 ; 

the banking organization s 
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio minus 6.0 ; and 

the banking organization s 
total risk-based capital ratio minus 8.0 . 
 Full compliance with the capital conservation buffer was required 
beginning January 1, 2019. 
Thereafter, permissible 
 dividends, stock repurchases and discretionary bonuses will be limited to the following 
percentages based on the capital 
 conservation buffer as calculated above, subject to any further regulatory limitations, 
including those based on risk 
 assessments and enforcement actions: 
 Buffer 
 Buffer Limit 
 More than 2.50 
 None 
 > 1.875 - 2.50 
 60.0 
 > 1.250 - 1.875 
 40.0 
 > 0.625 - 1.250 
 20.0 
 0.625 
 - 0 - 
 On March 20, 2020, the Federal Reserve and the other federal banking regulators adopted 
an interim final rule that 
 amended the capital conservation buffer in light of the disruptive effects 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
This clarifying rule 
 revises the definition of eligible retained income for purposes of the maximum payout 
ratio to allow banking 
 organizations to more freely use their capital buffers to promote 
lending and other financial intermediation activities, by 
 making the limitations on capital distributions more gradual. The 
eligible retained income, as used in the Federal Reserve s 
 Regulation Q capital rule, as corrected on January 13, 2021, is the greater of (i) net income 
for the four preceding quarters, 
 net of distributions and associated tax effects not reflected in net income; and (ii) 
the average of all net income over the 
 preceding four quarters. 
Banking organizations were encouraged to 
make prudent capital distribution decisions. 

Table of Contents 
 21 
 The various capital elements and total capital under the Basel III Capital Rules, as fully phased 
in on January 1, 2019 are: 
 Fully Phased In 
 January 1, 2019 
 Minimum CET1 

 4.50 
 CET1 Conservation Buffer 

 2.50 
 Total CET1 

 7.0 
 Deductions from CET1 
 100 
 Minimum Tier 1 Capital 

 6.0 
 Minimum Tier 1 Capital 
 plus
 conservation buffer 
 8.5 
 Minimum Total Capital 

 8.0 
 Minimum Total Capital 
 plus
 conservation buffer 
 10.5 
 Changes in Risk-Weightings 
 The Basel III Capital Rules significantly change the risk weightings used to determine risk 
weighted capital adequacy. 

 Among various other changes, the Basel III Capital Rules apply a 250 risk-weighting 
to MSRs, DTAs that 
cannot be 
 realized through net operating loss carrybacks and significant (greater than 10 
investments in other financial institutions. 

 A 150 risk-weighted category applies to high volatility commercial real estate loans, 
or HVCRE, which are credit 
 facilities for the acquisition, construction or development of real 
property, excluding one-to-four family residential 
 properties or commercial real estate projects where: (i) the loan-to-value ratio is 
not in excess of interagency real estate 
 lending standards; and (ii) the borrower has contributed capital equal to not less than 
15 of the real estate s as 
 completed value before the loan was made. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules also changed some of the risk weightings used to determine risk-weighted 
capital adequacy. 
 Among other things, the Basel III Capital Rules: 
 
 Assigned a 250 risk weight to MSRs; 
 
 Assigned up to a 1,250 risk weight to structured securities, including private label 
mortgage securities, trust 
 preferred CDOs and asset backed securities; 
 
 Retained existing risk weights for residential mortgages, but assign a 100 
risk weight to most commercial real 
 estate loans and a 150 risk-weight for HVCRE; 
 
 Assigned a 150 risk weight to past due exposures (other than sovereign exposures 
and residential mortgages); 

Assigned a 250 risk weight to DTAs, 
to the extent not deducted from capital (subject to certain maximums); 
 
 Retained the existing 100 risk weight for corporate and retail loans; and 
 
 Increased the risk weight for exposures to qualifying securities firms from 20 to 100 . 
 In December 2019 the federal bank regulators revised their definition of HVCRE and related 
capital requirements 
 consistent with Section 214 of the 2018 Growth Act. 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting 
Standards Update ASU No. 2016-13 Financial 
 Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 
326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments on June 16, 2016, 
which 
 changed the loss model to take into account current expected credit losses CECL 
in place of the incurred loss method. 
 The Federal Reserve and the other federal banking agencies adopted rules effective 
on April 1, 2019 that allows banking 
 organizations to phase in the regulatory capital effect of a reduction 
in retained earnings upon adoption of CECL over a 
 three-year period. 
On May 8, 2020, the agencies issued a statement describing the measurement of expected credit 
losses 
 using the CECL methodology, 
and updated concepts and practices in existing supervisory guidance that 
remain applicable. 
 CECL became effective for the Company beginning January 1, 
2023. 

Table of Contents 
 22 
 The Company is currently finalizing controls, processes, policies and disclosures and 
has completed full end-to-end parallel 
 runs. 
Based on the Company s portfolio composition 
as of December 31, 2022, and current expectations of future 
 economic conditions, the reserve for credit losses is expected to increase from 1.14 
as a percentage of total loans at 
 December 31, 2022 to a range between 1.32 and 1.36 of total loans. 
These effects result from changing from the 
 incurred loss model to CECL s 
expected loss model, which provides for expected credit losses over the life of the loan 
 portfolio. 
The Company does not expect to record an allowance for available-for-sale 
securities as the investment portfolio 
 consists primarily of debt securities explicitly or implicitly backed by the U.S. Government 
for which credit risk is deemed 
 minimal. 
ASU 2016-13 is not expected to have a material impact on the allowance for unfunded 
commitments. 
The 
 estimates described herein regarding CECL s 
effects are subject to change as key assumptions are refined. 
These effects in 
 2023 and later will depend on the future composition, characteristics, and credit 
quality of the loan and securities portfolios 
 as well as the economic conditions at future reporting periods that are included in our 
CECL models. 
 Federal Reserve Capital Review 
 The Federal Reserve s Vice 
Chair for Supervision is considering a holistic review of regulatory capital requirements, 
which 
 are expected to focus on banking organizations larger 
than the Company. 
Recently a Federal Reserve. 
 Prompt Corrective Action Rules 
 All of the federal bank regulatory agencies regulations establish risk-adjusted 
measures and relevant capital levels that 
 implement the prompt corrective action standards. 
The relevant capital measures are the total risk-based capital ratio, 
 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, Common equity tier 
1 capital ratio, as well as the leverage capital ratio. 
Under the 
 regulations, a state member bank will be: 
 
 well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10 or greater, 
a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8 or 
 greater, a Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 
of 6.5 or greater, a leverage capital ratio of 5 or greater 
and is not 
 subject to any written agreement, order, 
capital directive or prompt corrective action directive by a federal bank 
 regulatory agency to maintain a specific capital level for any capital 
measure; 
 
 adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, 
a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 
 of 6.0 or greater, a Common Equity Tier 
1 capital ratio of 4.5 or greater, and generally has a leverage 
capital 
 ratio of 4.0 or greater; 
 
 undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 
1 risk-based capital ratio of less 
 than 6.0 , a Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
ratio of less than 4.5 or generally has a leverage capital ratio of less 
 than 4.0 ; 
 
 significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 
1 risk-based 
 capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Common Equity Tier 1 
capital ratio of less than 3 , or a leverage capital ratio of 
 less than 3.0 ; or 
 
 critically undercapitalized if its tangible equity is equal to or less than 2.0 to total assets. 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies have authority to require additional capital 
where they determine it is necessary, 
 including where a bank is unsafe or unsound condition or where the bank is determined 
to have less than a satisfactory 
 rating on any of its CAMELS ratings. The regulators have confirmed that higher capital levels 
may be required in light of 
 market conditions and risk. 
 Depository institutions that are adequately capitalized for bank regulatory purposes 
must receive a waiver from the FDIC 
 prior to accepting or renewing brokered deposits, and cannot pay interest rates or brokered 
deposits that exceeds market 
 rates by more than 75 basis points. 
Banks that are less than adequately capitalized cannot accept 
or renew brokered 
 deposits. 
FDICIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution, 
including paying 
 dividends or any management fee to its holding company, 
if the depository institution thereafter would be 
 undercapitalized . 
Institutions that are undercapitalized are subject to growth limitations and are required 
to submit a 
 capital restoration plan for approval. 

Table of Contents 
 23 
 A depository institution s parent holding company 
must guarantee that the institution will comply with such capital 
 restoration plan. 
The aggregate liability of the parent holding company is limited to the lesser 
of 5 of the depository 
 institution s total assets at the time it became 
undercapitalized and the amount necessary to bring the institution into 
 compliance with applicable capital standards. 
If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated 
as if 
 it is significantly undercapitalized . 
If the controlling holding company fails to fulfill its obligations under FDICIA and 
 files (or has filed against it) a petition under the federal Bankruptcy Code, the claim against 
the holding company s capital 
 restoration obligation would be entitled to a priority in such bankruptcy proceeding over 
third-party creditors of the bank 
 holding company. 
 Significantly undercapitalized depository institutions may be subject 
to a number of requirements and restrictions, 
 including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized , 
requirements to reduce total assets, and 
 cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks. 
 Critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to the 
 appointment of a receiver or conservator. 
Because the Company and the Bank exceed applicable capital requirements, 
 Company and Bank management do not believe that the prompt corrective action provisions 
of FDICIA have had or are 
 expected to have any material effect on the Company and the Bank or 
their respective operations. 

 Community Bank Leverage Ratio Framework 
 Section 201 of the 2018 Growth Act provides that banks and bank holding companies 
with consolidated assets of less than 
 10 billion that meet a community bank leverage ratio, established by the federal bank 
regulators as part of the 
 community bank leverage ratio framework CBLR ). 
The federal banking agencies have the discretion to determine that 
 an institution does not qualify for such treatment due to its risk profile. An institution s 
risk profile may be assessed by 
 its off-balance sheet exposure, trading of assets and liabilities, notional derivatives 
exposure, and other methods. 
 The CBLR framework which became effective January 1, 
2020, allows qualifying CBOs to adopt a simple leverage ratio to 
 measure capital adequacy. 
The CBLR may be elected by depository institutions and their holding companies 
and is 
 intended to reduce regulatory burdens for qualifying community banking organizations 
that do not use advanced 
 approaches capital measures, and otherwise qualify. 
Eligible institutions 
must have: 
 
 less than 10 billion of assets; 
 
 a leverage ratio greater than 9 ; 
 
 off-balance sheet exposures of 25 or less of total consolidated assets; and 
 
 trading assets plus trading liabilities of less than 5 of total consolidated assets. 
 The CBLR leverage ratio is Tier 1 capital divided 
by average total consolidated asset for the latest quarter, taking into 
 account the capital simplification discussed above and the CECL related capital transitions. 
 A CBLR banking organization with a ratio above the requirement 
will not be subject to other capital and leverage 
 requirements. 
If elected by a banking organization, The CBLR leverage ratio 
will be the sole capital measure, and electing 
 institutions will not have to calculate or use any other capital measure for regulatory purposes. 
The Company has not 
 adopted the CBLR, although it believes it is eligible to make such election. 
Management believes that current risk-based 
 capital measures are useful and reflect the risks of the Company s 
earning assets in a manner most comparable to other 
 banking organizations and which may be useful to investors. 
It may consider the CBLR in the future. 
 FDICIA 
 FDICIA directs that each federal bank regulatory agency prescribe standards for depository 
institutions and depository 
 institution holding companies relating to internal controls, information systems, internal 
audit systems, loan documentation, 
 credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth composition, a 
maximum ratio of classified assets to capital, 
 minimum earnings sufficient to absorb losses, a minimum ratio 
of market value to book value for publicly traded shares, 
 safety and soundness, and such other standards as the federal bank regulatory agencies deem 
appropriate. 

Table of Contents 
 24 
 Enforcement Policies and Actions 
 The Federal Reserve and the Alabama Superintendent examine and regulate our compliance 
with laws and regulations, 
 including the CFPB s regulations. 
The CFPB issues regulations, interpretations and enforcement actions under 
the laws 

 applicable to consumer financial products and services. 
Violations of laws and regulations, 
including those administered by 
 the CFPB, or other unsafe and unsound practices, may result in the Federal Reserve and the 
Alabama Superintendent 
 imposing fines, penalties and/or restitution, cease and desist orders, 
or taking other formal or informal enforcement actions. 

 Under certain circumstances, these agencies may enforce these remedies directly against 
officers, directors, employees and 
 others participating in the affairs of a bank or bank holding company, 
in the form of fines, penalties, or the recovery, 
or 
 claw-back, of compensation. 
 Fiscal and Monetary Policies 
 Banking is a business that depends on interest rate differentials. 
In general, the difference between the interest paid by a 
 bank on its deposits and its other borrowings, and the interest received by a bank on its loans and securities 
holdings, 
 constitutes the major portion of a bank s earnings. 
Thus, the earnings and growth of the Company and the Bank, as well as 
 the values of, and earnings on, its assets and the costs of its deposits and other liabilities are 
subject to the influence of 
 economic conditions generally, 
both domestic and foreign, and also to the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States 
 and its agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve. 
The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of money through various 
 means, including open market dealings in United States government securities, the setting 
of discount rate at which banks 
 may borrow from the Federal Reserve, and the reserve requirements on deposits. 

 The Federal Reserve has been paying interest on depository institutions required and 
excess reserve balances since October 
 2008. 
The payment of interest on excess reserve balances was expected to give the Federal 
Reserve greater scope to use its 
 lending programs to address conditions in credit markets while also 
maintaining the federal funds rate close to the target 
 rate established by the Federal Open Market Committee. 
The Federal Reserve has indicated that it may use this authority to 
 implement a mandatory policy to reduce excess liquidity, 
in the event of inflation or the threat of inflation. 

 In April 2010, the Federal Reserve Board amended Regulation D (Reserve Requirements 
of Depository Institutions) 
 authorizing the Reserve Banks to offer term deposits to certain institutions. 
Term deposits, 
which are deposits with 
 specified maturity dates, will be offered through a Term 
Deposit Facility. 
Term deposits will be 
one of several tools that 
 the Federal Reserve could employ to drain reserves when policymakers judge that it is appropriate 
to begin moving to a less 
 accommodative stance of monetary policy. 

 In 2011, the Federal Reserve repealed its historical Regulation 
Q to permit banks to pay interest on demand deposits. 
 In light of disruptions in economic conditions caused by the outbreak of COVID-19 and the 
stress in U.S. financial markets, 
 the Federal Reserve, Congress and the Department of the Treasury took 
a host of fiscal and monetary measures to minimize 
 the economic effect of COVID-19. On March 3, 2020, 
the Federal Reserve reduced the Federal Funds rate target by 50 
 basis points to 1.00-1.25 . The Federal Reserve further reduced the Federal Funds Rate target 
by an additional 100 basis 
 points to 0-0.25 on March 16, 2020. The Federal Reserve established various liquidity 
facilities pursuant to section 13(3) 
 of the Federal Reserve Act to help stabilize the financial system and purchased large 
amounts of government and 
 mortgaged backed securities. 

Table of Contents 
 25 
 The CARES Act provided a 2 trillion stimulus package and various measures to 
provide relief from the COVID-19 
 pandemic, including: 
 
 The Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), which expands eligibility for special new SBA 
guaranteed loans, 
 forgivable loans and other relief to small businesses affected 
by COVID-19. 

A new 500 billion federal stimulus program for air carriers and other companies in severely 
distressed sectors of 
 the American economy. The lending 
programs impose stock buyback, dividend, executive compensation, and 
 other restrictions on direct loan recipients. 

Optional temporary suspension of certain requirements under ASC 340-10 TDR 
classifications for a limited period 
 of time to account for the effects of COVID-19. 
 
 The creation of rapid tax rebates and expansion of unemployment benefits to 
provide relief to individuals. 

Substantial federal spending and significant changes for health care companies, 
providers, and patients. 
 
 Over 525 billion of PPP loans were made in 2020. 
 On December 27, 2020, the Economic Aid to Hard-Hit Small Businesses, Nonprofits, 
and Venues 
Act (the Economic Aid 
 Act was signed into law. The 
Economic Aid Act provided a second 900 billion stimulus package, including 
 325 billion 
 in additional PPP loans, changed the eligibility rules to focus more on smaller business, further 
enhances other Small 
 Business Association programs. 

 During early 2022, the Federal Reserve described inflation as transitory, 
but as inflation continued at increasing rates the 
 Federal Reserve s policy changed. 
The Federal Reserve increased the target federal funds range by 25 
basis points on 
 March 17, 2022, the first change since March 2020 when the target 
was set to 0-0.25 . 
Further increases were made: 50 
 basis points on May 5, 75 basis points on each of June 16, July 28, September 22, and November 
22, and 50 basis points on 
 December 15, 2022. 
The target rate was increased 25 basis points on February 2, 2023, 
and further increases in the target 
 federal funds rate appear likely if inflation remains elevated. 
The target fed funds ranges was 4.50-4.75 on March 17, 
 2023. 
 The Federal Reserve s securities holdings in 
its System Open Market Account SOMA increased from 4.1 
trillion on 
 December 30, 2019 to 9.0 trillion at April 11, 2021, 
largely as a result of securities purchases as the Federal Reserve 
 injected liquidity as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
On May 4, 2022, the Federal Reserve announced its plan to 
 reduce its securities holdings in an effort to reduce inflation: 
 
 Reinvestments of principal of maturing Treasury securities 
would be reduced by 30 billion per month for three 
 months and thereafter would be 80 billion per month. 
 
 Reinvestments of principal of maturing agency debt and mortgage-backed securities 
would be reduced by 17.5 
 billion per month for three months and thereafter would be 35 billion per month. 
 
 These declines would slow and then stop when the Federal Reserve s 
balance sheet was somewhat above the 
 balance it deemed ample. 
 The Federal Reserve s SOMA 
was 8.4 trillion on February 13, 2023. 
 The Federal Reserve seeks to target longer term inflation of 2 based 
on annual changes in the personal consumption 
 expenditures. 
The Federal Reserve stated on February 1, 2023 that its Federal Open Market Committee is highly attentive 
 to inflation risks and the war in Ukraine is contributing to elevated global uncertainty. 
Inflation remained above that rate 
 through February 2023. 
The Chairman of the Federal Reserve s testimony 
to the Senate Banking Committee on March 7, 
 2023 that inflation remains well above the target, gross domestic product 
in 2022 was 0.9 , below the trend. 
Higher rates 
 have adversely affected the housing sector and combined with slower output 
growth, appear to be weighing on business 
 fixed investment. 
The labor market is extremely tight. 
The Chairman concluded: 
 We continue to anticipate 
that ongoing increases in the target range for the federal funds rate 
will be appropriate in order 
 to attain a stance of monetary policy that is sufficiently restrictive to return inflation 
to 2 over time. In addition, we are 
 continuing the process of significantly reducing the size of our balance sheet. 
Although inflation has been moderating in 
 recent months, the process of getting inflation back down to 2 has a long 
way to go and is likely to be bumpy. 
As I 
 mentioned, the latest economic data have come in stronger than expected, 
which suggests that the ultimate level of interest 
 rates is likely to be higher than previously anticipated. If the totality of the data 
were to indicate that faster tightening is 
 warranted, we would be prepared to increase the pace of rate hikes. Restoring price 
stability will likely require that we 
 maintain a restrictive stance of monetary policy for some time. 

Table of Contents 
 26 
 The nature and timing of these ongoing changes in monetary policies and their effects 
on the Company and the Bank cannot 
 be predicted. 
 On March 12, 2023, as a result of unrealized securities losses resulting from increased 
market rates, liquidity issues at two 
 banks with over 100 billion of assets each being closed on March 10 and 12, 2023, 
the Federal Reserve established a new 
 Bank Term Funding Program BTFP ). 
The BTFP offers loans of up to one year to banks, savings associations, 
credit 
 unions, and other eligible depository institutions pledging U.S. Treasuries, 
agency debt and mortgage-backed securities, 
 and other qualifying assets as collateral. These assets will be valued at par. 
The BTFP will be an additional source of 
 liquidity against high-quality securities, eliminating an institution's need 
to quickly sell those securities in times of stress. 

 Further, the Federal Reserve on March 12, 2023 stated 
that depository institutions also may obtain liquidity against a wide 
 range of collateral through the Federal Reserve s 
discount window, 
which remains open and available. In addition, the 
 discount window will apply the same margins used for the securities 
eligible for the BTFP, 
further increasing lendable 
 value at the window. 
 FDIC Insurance Assessments 
 The Bank s deposits are insured 
by the FDIC s DIF, 
and the Bank is subject to FDIC assessments for its deposit insurance. 

 Since 2011, and as discussed above under Recent Regulatory 
Developments , the FDIC has been calculating assessments 
 based on an institution s average consolidated 
total assets less its average tangible equity (the FDIC Assessment Base in 
 accordance with changes mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act. 
The FDIC changed its assessment rates which shifted part of 
 the burden of deposit insurance premiums toward depository institutions relying on 
funding sources other than deposits. 
 In 2016, the FDIC again changed its deposit insurance pricing and eliminated all risk categories 
and now uses financial 
 ratios method based on CAMELS composite ratings to determine assessment rates 
for small established institutions with 
 less than 10 billion in assets Small Banks ). 
The financial ratios method sets a maximum assessment for CAMELS 1 
 and 2 rated banks, and set minimum assessments for lower rated institutions. 
All basis points are annual amounts. 

 The following table shows the FDIC assessment schedule for Small Banks, such as the 
Bank, for the first assessment period 
 of 2023 to be billed in June 2023: 
 Established Small Institution 
 CAMELS Composite 
 1 or 2 
 3 
 4 or 5 
 Initial Base Assessment Rule 
 5 to 32 basis points 
 6 to 30 basis points 
 16 to 30 basis points 
 Unsecured Debt Adjustment. 

 Cannot exceed the lesser of 5 
 basis points or 50 of the 
 bank s initial FDIC 
 assessment rate 
 -5 to 0 basis points 
 -5 to 0 basis points 
 -5 to 0 basis points 
 Brokered Deposit 
 Adhustment 

 N/A 
 Total Base Assessment 
Rate 
 2.5 to 32 basis points 
 3 to 30 basis points 
 11 to 30 basis points 
 These assessments are then adjusted based on the bank s 
CAMELS rating. 
For example, Small Banks, with CAMELS 
 ratings of 1 or 2, have a current total assessment of 2.5 to 15 basis points for the period to 
be billed in June 2023. 
 On March 15, 2016 the FDIC implemented Dodd-Frank Act provisions by raising the DIF s 
minimum Reserve Ratio from 
 1.15 to 1.35 . 
The FDIC imposed a 4.5 basis point annual surcharge on insured depository institutions 
with total 
 consolidated assets of 10 billion or more Large Banks ). 
The new rules grant credits to smaller banks for the portion of 
 their regular assessments that contribute to increasing the reserve ratio from 1.15 
to 1.35 . 

Table of Contents 
 27 
 The FDIC s reserve ratio reached 1.36 
on September 30, 2018, exceeding the minimum requirement. 
As a result, deposit 
 insurance surcharges on Large Banks ceased, and smaller banks 
received credits against their deposit assessments from the 
 FDIC for their portion of assessments that contributed to the growth in the reserve ratio 
from 1.15 to 1.35 . 
The Bank s 
 credit was 0.2 million, and was received and applied against the Bank s 
deposit insurance assessments during 2019 and 
 2020. 
Because of the extraordinary growth in deposits in the first six months of 2020 due to the pandemic and 
government 
 stimulus, the DIF s reserve ratio declined 
below 1.35 to 1.30 . The FDIC issued a restoration plan on September 15, 
 2020 designed to restore the reserve ratio to at least the statutory minimum of 1.35 
within 8 years. Although the FDIC 
 maintained current assessment rates, the FDIC may increase deposit assessment rates by 
up to two basis points without 
 notice, or more following notice and a comment period, to meet the required reserve ratio. 

 On June 22, 2020, the FDIC issued a final rule designed to mitigate the deposit insurance 
assessment effect of the PPP and 
 the related liquidity programs (the PPPLF established by the Federal Reserve. 
Specifically, the rule 
removes the effects 
 of participating in PPP and liquidity facilities from the various risk measures used 
to calculate assessment rates and 
 provides an offset to assessments for the increase in assessment base rates attributed 
to participation in the PPP and 
 liquidity facilities. This had a limited effect on the Bank since it had only one PPP 
loan of approximately 0.1 million 
 outstanding on December 31, 2022, and because the Bank never participated in the PPPLF. 

 The Company recorded FDIC insurance premiums expenses of 0.3 million in both 2022 
and 2021. 
 Lending Practices 
 CRE 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies released guidance in 2006 
on Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending 
 (the CRE Guidance ). 
The CRE Guidance defines CRE loans as exposures secured by raw land, 
land development and 
 construction (including 1-4 family residential construction), multi-family property, 
and non-farm nonresidential property 
 where the primary or a significant source of repayment is derived from rental income associated 
with the property (that is, 
 loans for which 50 or more of the source of repayment comes from third party, 
non-affiliated, rental income) or the 
 proceeds of the sale, refinancing, or permanent financing of this property. 
Loans to REITs and 
unsecured loans to 
 developers that closely correlate to the inherent risks in CRE markets would also be 
considered CRE loans under the CRE 
 Guidance. 
Loans on owner occupied CRE are generally excluded. 
In December 2015, the Federal Reserve and other bank 
 regulators issued an interagency statement to highlight prudent risk management practices 
from existing guidance that 
 regulated financial institutions and made recommendations regarding 
maintaining capital levels commensurate with the 
 level and nature of their CRE concentration risk. 
 The CRE Guidance requires that banks have appropriate processes be in place to identify, 
monitor and control risks 
 associated with real estate lending concentrations. 
This could include enhanced strategic planning, CRE underwriting 
 policies, risk management, internal controls, portfolio stress testing and risk exposure 
limits as well as appropriately 
 designed compensation and incentive programs. 
Higher allowances for loan losses and capital levels may also be required. 

 The CRE Guidance is triggered when either: 
 
 Total reported 
loans for construction, land development, and other land of 100 or more of a bank s 
total capital; 
 or 
 
 Total reported 
loans secured by multifamily and nonfarm nonresidential properties and loans 
for construction, land 
 development, and other land are 300 or more of a bank s 
total risk-based capital. 

 This CRE Guidance was supplemented by the Interagency Statement on Prudent Risk 
Management for Commercial Real 
 Estate Lending (December 18, 2015). 
The CRE Guidance also applies when a bank has a sharp increase in CRE loans or 
 has significant concentrations of CRE secured by a particular property type. 

 The CRE Guidance did not apply to the Bank s 
CRE lending activities during 2021 or 2022. 
At December 31, 2022, the 
 Bank had outstanding 66.5 million in construction and land development loans and 
 203.9 million in total CRE loans 
 (excluding owner occupied), which represent approximately 58.9 and 182.3 , 
respectively, of the Bank s 
total risk-based 
 capital at December 31, 2022. 
The Company has always had significant exposures to loans secured by commercial 
real 
 estate due to the nature of its markets and the loan needs of both its retail and commercial 
customers. 
The Company 
 believes its long-term experience in CRE lending, underwriting policies, 
internal controls, and other policies currently in 
 place, as well as its loan and credit monitoring and administration procedures, are 
generally appropriate to manage its 
 concentrations as required under the Guidance. 

Table of Contents 
 28 
 The Federal Reserve joined the other depository institution regulators in issuing a Proposed 
Policy Statement on Prudent 
 Commercial Real Estate Loan Accommodations and Workouts 
on September 15, 2022. 
The proposed statement would 
 build on existing guidance on the need for financial institutions to 
work prudently and constructively with creditworthy 
 borrowers during times of financial stress, update existing interagency guidance on commercial 
real estate loan workouts, 
 and adds a new section on short-term loan accommodations. The proposed 
statement would also address recent accounting 
 changes on estimating loan losses and provide updated examples of how to classify and account 
for loans subject to loan 
 accommodations or loan workout activity. 
The proposed statement reaffirms two key principles from the 2009 
statement: 
 (1) financial institutions that implement prudent CRE loan accommodation and 
workout arrangements after performing a 
 comprehensive review of a borrower's financial condition will not be subject to 
criticism for engaging in these efforts, even 
 if these arrangements result in modified loans that have weaknesses that result in adverse 
credit classification; and (2) 
 modified loans to borrowers who have the ability to repay their debts according to reasonable 
terms will not be subject to 
 adverse classification solely because the value of the underlying collateral has declined to 
an amount that is less than the 
 loan balance. 
This proposal had not been adopted as of March 1, 2023. 
 Leveraged Lending 

 In 2013, the Federal Reserve and other banking regulators issued their Interagency Guidance 
on Leveraged Lending 
 highlighting standards for originating leveraged transactions and 
managing leveraged portfolios, as well as requiring banks 
 to identify their highly leveraged transactions, or HLTs. 
The Government Accountability Office issued a statement on 
 October 23, 2017 that this guidance constituted a rule for purposes of the Congressional 
Review Act, which provides 
 Congress with the right to review the guidance and issue a joint resolution for signature 
by the President disapproving it. 

 No such action was taken, and instead, the federal bank regulators issued a September 
11, 2018 Statement Reaffirming 
the 
 Role of Supervisory Guidance. 
This Statement indicated that guidance does not have the force or effect of law or 
provide 
 the basis for enforcement actions, but this guidance can outline supervisory agencies 
views of supervisory expectations and 
 priorities, and appropriate practices. 
The federal bank regulators continue to identify elevated risks in leveraged loans and 
 shared national credits. 
 The Bank did not have any loans at year-end 2022 or 2021 
that were leveraged loans subject to the Interagency Guidance 
 on Leveraged Lending or that were shared national credits. 
 Other Dodd-Frank Act Provisions 
 In addition to the capital, liquidity and FDIC deposit insurance changes discussed above, 
some of the provisions of the 
 Dodd-Frank Act we believe may affect us are set forth below. 
 Executive Compensation, etc. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act provides shareholders of all public companies with a say on executive 
compensation. 
Under the 
 Dodd-Frank Act, each company must give its shareholders the opportunity to 
vote on the compensation of its executives, on 
 a non-binding advisory basis, at least once every three years. 
The Dodd-Frank Act also adds disclosure and voting 
 requirements for golden parachute compensation that is payable to named executive 
officers in connection with sale 
 transactions. 

 The SEC is required under the Dodd-Frank Act to issue rules obligating companies to disclose in proxy 
materials for annual 
 shareholders meetings, information that shows the relationship between executive compensation 
actually paid to their 
 named executive officers and their financial performance, taking into 
account any change in the value of the shares of a 
 company s stock and dividends or 
distributions. 
The Dodd-Frank Act also provides that a company s 
compensation 
 committee may only select a consultant, legal counsel or other advisor on 
methods of compensation after taking into 
 consideration factors to be identified by the SEC that affect the independence 
of a compensation consultant, legal counsel 
 or other advisor. 

Table of Contents 
 29 
 Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Act added section 10D to the Exchange Act. 
Section 10D directs the SEC to adopt rules 
 prohibiting a national securities exchange or association from listing a company 
unless it develops, implements, and 
 discloses a policy regarding the recovery or claw-back of executive compensation 
in certain circumstances. 
The policy 
 must require that, in the event an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance 
with a financial reporting 
 requirement under the federal securities laws, the company will recover from any current 
or former executive officer any 
 incentive-based compensation (including stock options) received during 
the three year period preceding the date of the 
 restatement, which is in excess of what would have been paid based on the restated 
financial statements. 
There is no 
 requirement of wrongdoing by the executive, and the claw-back is 
mandatory and applies to all executive officers. 
Section 
 954 augments section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires the CEO and 
CFO to return any bonus or other 
 incentive- or equity-based compensation received during the 12 
months following the date of similarly inaccurate financial 
 statements, as well as any profit received from the sale of employer securities during the period, 
if the restatement was due 
 to misconduct. 
Unlike section 304, under which only the SEC may seek recoupment, the 
Dodd-Frank Act requires the 
 Company to seek the return of compensation. 

 On October 2022, the SEC adopted final Rule 10D-14 instructing national securities exchanges 
to establish specific listing 
 standards that require each issuer to adopt and comply with a written executive compensation 
recovery policy. 
Under Rule 
 10D-1, listed companies must recover from current and former executive officers 
incentive-based compensation received 
 during the three fiscal years preceding the date on which the issuer is required to 
prepare an accounting restatement to 
 correct a material error. 

 On February 23, 2023, Nasdaq proposed to adopt Listing Rule 5608 (the Nasdaq Rule ).The 
recovery of erroneously 
 awarded compensation is required on a no fault basis, without regard to 
whether any misconduct occurred or an executive 
 officer s responsibility for the erroneous financial statements. 
A restatement due to material noncompliance with any 
 financial reporting requirement under the securities laws triggers application of the recovery 
policy. The determination 
 regarding materiality of an error should be based on facts and circumstances and existing judicial and 
administrative 
 interpretations. The proposed Nasdaq Rule requires recovery for restatements that 
correct errors that are material to 
 previously issued financial statements (commonly referred to 
as Big R restatements), as well as for restatements that 
 correct errors that are not material to previously issued financial statements but 
would result in a material misstatement if 
 the errors were left uncorrected in the current report or the error correction 
was recognized in the current period (commonly 
 referred to as little r restatement). 

 Under the proposed Nasdaq Rule, Nasdaq-listed companies, such as the Company, 
will be required to recover the amount 
 of incentive-based compensation received by an executive officer that exceeds 
the amount the executive officer would have 
 received had the incentive-based compensation been determined based on the accounting 
restatement. 
Nasdaq proposes to 
 define incentive-based compensation as any compensation that is granted, earned 
or vested based wholly or in part upon 
 the attainment of any financial reporting measure. 
Incentive-based compensation is deemed received in the fiscal period 
 during which the financial reporting measure specified in the incentive-based 
compensation award is attained, even if the 
 grant or payment of the incentive-based compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 The SEC adopted rules in August 2013 to implement pay ratios pursuant to Section 953 
of the Dodd-Frank Act comparing 
 their CEO s total compensation to the median compensation 
of all other employees. 
These rules applied beginning to fiscal 
 year 2017 annual reports and proxy statements. 
Smaller reporting companies, such as the Company, 
are exempted from 
 this rule. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act, Section 955, requires the SEC, by rule, to require that each company 
disclose in the proxy materials 
 for its annual meetings whether an employee or board member is permitted to purchase 
financial instruments designed to 
 hedge or offset decreases in the market value of equity securities granted 
as compensation or otherwise held by the 
 employee or board member. 
The SEC adopted changes to its Reg. S-K Item 407(i) implementing this Section. 
 The Company s has had no equity-based compensation 
plans or arrangements. 
The Company s insider trading policy, 
 which applies to all Company and Bank directors, officers, employees and 
certain independent contractors and specified 
 related persons (collectively, 
 Covered Persons ). 
This Policy prohibits Covered Persons, from short-selling Company 
 securities or engaging in transactions involving Company Derivative Securities. 
This prohibition includes, without 
 limitation, trading in Company-based put option contracts, including straddles, 
and the like. 
Derivative Securities include 
 options, warrants, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights or similar rights 
whose value is derived from the value of 
 an equity or other security, including Company 
Securities. 

Table of Contents 
 30 
 Section 956 of the Dodd-Frank Act prohibits incentive-based compensation arrangements 
that encourage inappropriate risk 
 taking by covered financial institutions, are deemed to be excessive, or that 
may lead to material losses. 
In June 2010, the 
 federal bank regulators adopted Guidance on Sound Incentive Compensation Policies, 
which, although targeted to larger, 
 more complex organizations than the Company, 
includes principles that have been applied to smaller organizations 
similar 
 to the Company. 
This Guidance applies to incentive compensation to executives as well as employees, 
who, individually 
 or a part of a group, have the ability to expose the relevant banking organization to 
material amounts of risk. 
Incentive 
 compensation should: 
 
 Provide employees incentives that appropriately balance risk and reward; 
 
 Be compatible with effective controls and risk-management; 
and 
 
 Be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective 
oversight by the organization s 
board 
 of directors. 
 The federal bank regulators stated that this Guidance is expected to generally have 
less effect on smaller banking 
 organizations, which typically are less complex and 
make less use of incentive compensation arrangements than larger 
 banking organizations. 
 The federal bank regulators, the SEC and other regulators proposed regulations implementing 
Section 956 in April 2011, 
 which would have been applicable to, among others, depository institutions and 
their holding companies with 1 billion or 
 more in assets. 
An advance notice of a revised proposed joint rulemaking under Section 956 
was published by the financial 
 services regulators in May 2016, but these rules have not been adopted. 

 Debit Card Interchange 
Fees 
 The Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act and implementing Federal Reserve regulations 
provide that interchanged 
 transaction fees for electronic debit transactions be reasonable and proportional 
to certain costs associated with 
 processing the transactions. 
The Durbin Amendment and the Federal Reserve rules thereunder are not applicable 
to banks 
 with assets less than 10 billion. 

Other Legislative and Regulatory Changes 
 Various 
legislative and regulatory proposals, including substantial changes in banking, 
and the regulation of banks, thrifts 
 and other financial institutions, compensation, and the regulation of financial markets and their 
participants, and financial 
 instruments and securities, and the regulators of all of these, as well as the taxation of these 
entities, are being considered by 
 the executive branch of the federal government, Congress and various state governments, 
including Alabama. 

 President Biden has frozen new rulemaking generally, 
and has rescinded various of his predecessor s executive orders, 
 including the February 3, 2017 executive order containing Core Principles for 
Regulating the United States Financial 
 System Core Principles ). 
The Core Principles directed the Secretary of the Treasury to 
consult with the heads of 
 Financial Stability Oversight Council s 
members and report to the President periodically thereafter on how laws and 
 government policies promote the Core Principles and to identify laws, regulations, 
guidance and reporting that inhibit 
 financial services regulation. 
The President has also issued an Executive Order 14036 on Promoting Competition in 
the 
 American Economy (July 9, 2021), which may affect the federal 
bank regulators reviews of bank and bank holding 
 company mergers. 
The OCC, the FDIC and the CFPB have made proposals to further scrutinize 
mergers, especially where 
 the confirming institutions have assets greater than 100 million. 
The President s Working 
Group and various agencies 
 have also been working on the regulation of crypto assets, including stable coin, and access 
to the payments system. 

Table of Contents 
 31 
 The 2018 Growth Act, which, was enacted on May 24, 2018, amends the Dodd 
-Frank Act, the BHC Act, the Federal 
 Deposit Insurance Act and other federal banking and securities laws to provide 
regulatory relief in these areas: 
 
 consumer credit and mortgage lending; 
 
 capital requirements; 
 
 Volcker 
Rule compliance; 
 
 stress testing and enhanced prudential standards; 
 
 increased the asset threshold under the Federal Reserve s 
Small BHC Policy from 1 billion to 3 billion; and 
 
 capital formation. 
 We believe the 2018 
Growth Act has positively affected our business. 
The following provisions of the 2018 Growth Act 
 may be especially helpful to banks of our size as regulations adopted in 2019 
became effective: 
 
 qualifying community banks, defined as institutions with total consolidated 
assets of less than 10 billion, which 
 meet a community bank leverage ratio, which is currently 9.0 , may be deemed 
to have satisfied applicable risk-
 based capital requirements as well as the capital ratio requirements; 
 
 section 13(h) of the BHC Act, or the Volcker 
Rule, is amended to exempt from the Volcker 
Rule, banks with 
 total consolidated assets valued at less than 10 billion community banking organizations ), 
and trading assets 
 and liabilities comprising not more than 5.00 of total assets; and 
 
 reciprocal deposits will not be considered brokered deposits for FDIC purposes, 
provided such deposits do not 
 exceed the lesser of 5 billion or 20 of the bank s total liabilities 
. 
 On July 9, 2019, the federal banking agencies, together with the SEC and the Commodities 
Futures Trading Commission 
 CFTC ), issued a final rule excluding qualifying community banking organizations 
from the Volcker 
Rule pursuant to the 
 2018 Growth Act. The Volcker 
Rule change may enable us to invest in certain collateralized loan obligations that are 
 treated as covered funds and other investments prohibited to banking entities by the Volcker 
Rule. 
 Reciprocal deposits, such as CDARs, may expand our funding sources 
without being subjected to FDIC limitations and 
 potential insurance assessments increases for brokered deposits. 

 The applicable agencies also issued final rules simplifying the Volcker 
Rule proprietary trading restrictions effective 
 January 1, 2020. On June 25, 2020, the agencies adopted a final rule simplifying the Volcker 
Rule s covered fund 
 provisions effective October 1, 2020. 
 The FDIC announced on December 19, 2018 a final rule allows reciprocal deposits to be excluded 
from brokered 
 deposits up to the lesser of 5 billion or 20 of their total liabilities. 
Institutions that are not both well capitalized and 
 well rated are permitted to exclude reciprocal deposits from brokered 
deposits in certain circumstances. 
 The FDIC issued comprehensive changes to its brokered deposit rules effective 
April 1, 2021. The revised rules establish 
 new standards for determining whether an entity meets the statutory definition of 
 deposit broker, and identifies a number 
 of business that automatically meet the primary purpose exception from a deposit 
broker. 
The revisions also provide 
 an application process for entities that seek a primary purpose exception, but do not 
meet one of the designated 
 exceptions. 
The new rules may provide us greater future flexibility, 
but we had no brokered deposits at December 31, 
 2021 or 2022, and historically have not relied on brokered deposits. 
 On November 20, 2020, the Federal Reserve and the other federal bank regulators issued temporary 
relief for community 
 banks with less than 10 billion in total assets as of December 31, 2019 related 
to certain regulations and reporting 
 requirements that largely result from growth due to the various relief and stimulus 
actions in response to the COVID-19 
 pandemic. In particular, the interim final rule permits these institutions 
to use asset data as of December 31, 2019, to 
 determine the applicability of various regulatory asset thresholds during calendar 
years 2020 and 2021. For the same 
 reasons, the Federal Reserve temporarily revised the instructions to a number of its regulatory 
reports to provide that 
 community banking organizations may use asset data as of December 
31, 2019, in order to determine reporting 
 requirements for reports due in calendar years 2020 or 2021. 
This temporary relief expired December 31, 2021. 

Table of Contents 
 32 
 On November 30, 2020, the bank regulators issued a statement urging banks 
to cease entering into new contracts using U.S. 
 dollar LIBOR rates as soon as practicable and in any event by December 31, 2021, 
to effect orderly, and safe and sound 
 LIBOR transition. Banks were reminded that operating with insufficient 
fallback interest rates could undermine financial 
 stability and banks safety and soundness. 
Any alternative reference rate may be used that a bank determines is appropriate 
 for its funding and customer needs. 
 The Alabama legislature passed the LIBOR Discontinuance and Replacement 
Act of 2021 which became effective on 
 April 29, 2021. 
On March 15, 2022, Congress enacted the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR 
Act as 
 part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022. 
One purpose of the LIBOR Act was to establish a clear and uniform 
 process, on a nationwide basis, for replacing LIBOR in existing contracts the terms of which 
do not provide for the use of a 
 clearly defined or practicable replacement benchmark rate, without affecting 
the ability of parties to use any appropriate 
 benchmark rate in new contracts. 
The LIBOR Act directed the Federal Reserve to issue regulations implementing 
the 
 LIBOR Act. 
The Federal Reserve adopted final Regulation ZZ on January 26, 2023. 
These together with Internal Revenue 
 Service regulation facilitate the conversion of existing LIBOR-based loans 
when most popular LIBOR rates cease to be 
 quoted on June 30, 2023. 
The Bank generally prices its variable rate loans based on the prime rate or the five-year Treasury 
 note rate and had no loans bearing LIBOR or other IBOR-based rates 
at December 31, 2022. 

 Certain of these new rules, and proposals, if adopted, these proposals could significantly change 
the regulation or 
 operations of banks and the financial services industry. 
New regulations and statutes are regularly proposed 
that contain 
 wide-ranging proposals for altering the structures, regulations and competitive relationships 
of the nation s financial 
 institutions. 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Any of the following risks could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition 
and an investment in our 
 stock. 
The risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and our 
actual results may differ substantially 
 from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. 

 Operational Risks 
 Market conditions and economic cyclicality may adversely affect our industry. 

 We believe the following, 
among other things, may affect us in 2023: 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic disrupted the economy beginning late in the first quarter of 2020. 
Auburn University, 
 government agencies and businesses were limited to remote work and gatherings 
were limited. 
Supply chains 
 continue to be disrupted and labor markets remain tight. 
Hotels, motels, restaurants, retail and shopping centers 
 were especially affected. 
COVID-19 continues, but with diminishing direct economic effects 
due to population 
 health, generally. 
President Biden has terminated the COVID-19 national emergencies 
effective May 11, 2023. 
 
 Extraordinary monetary and fiscal stimulus in 2020 and in early 2021 
offset certain of the pandemic s adverse 
 economic effects, but together with supply chain disruptions, 
continued consumer demand, Russia s invasion 
of 
 Ukraine and its effects on energy and food prices, and tight labor 
markets, have resulted in inflation. 
Inflation is 
 running at levels unseen in decades and well above the Federal Reserve s 
long term inflation goal of 2.0 
 annually. 
Beginning in March 2022, the Federal Reserve has been raising target 
federal funds interest rates and 
 reducing its securities holdings in an effort to reduce inflation. 
The nature and timing of any future changes in 
 monetary and fiscal policies and their effect on us cannot be predicted. 
 
 Market developments, including unemployment, price levels, stock and 
bond market volatility, and changes, 
 including those resulting from Russia s invasion 
of Ukraine affect consumer confidence levels, economic activity 
 and inflation. 
Increases in market interest rates, inflation and consumer and business confidence 
may cause 
 changes in savings and payment behaviors, including potential increases in loan delinquencies 
and default rates. 

 These could affect our earnings and credit quality. 

Table of Contents 
 33 
 
 Our ability to assess the creditworthiness of our customers and those we do business 
with, and the values of our 
 assets and loan collateral may be adversely affected and less 
predictable as a result of inflation and higher market 
 interest rates 
We adopted 
CECL on January 1, 2023 as required by generally accepted accounting principles 
 GAAP ). 
CECL changed the loss model to take into account current expected credit losses in 
place of the 
 incurred loss method used historically under GAAP. 
This changes the process we use to estimate losses inherent 
 in our credit exposures. 
The process for estimating expected losses requires difficult, 
subjective, and complex 
 judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how those economic predictions 
might affect the 
 ability of our borrowers to repay their loans or the value of assets. 
Changes in economic conditions and factors 
 used in our CECL models may increase the variability of our provisions for loan losses and 
our earnings. 
 
 Although we had no assets or liabilities that use LIBOR reference rates at the end 
of 2022, 
the end of the LIBOR 
 reference rate, scheduled for most tenors by June 30, 2023, could adversely affect 
our counterparties and financial 
 markets. 
 Nonperforming and similar assets take significant time to resolve 
and may adversely affect our results of operations 
and 
 financial condition.
 Our nonperforming loans were 0.54 of total loans as of December 31, 
2022, and we had 2.7 million in other real estate 
 owned as result of foreclosures or otherwise in full or partial payments in respect of loans OREO ). 
Non-performing 
 assets may adversely affect our net income in various ways. 
We do 
not record interest income on nonaccrual loans or 
 OREO and these assets require higher loan administration and other costs, thereby adversely 
affecting our income. 

 Decreases in the value of these assets, or the underlying collateral, or 
in the related borrowers performance or financial 
 condition, whether or not due to economic and market conditions beyond our control, 
could adversely affect our business, 
 results of operations and financial condition. 
In addition, the resolution of nonperforming assets requires commitments of 
 time from management, which can be detrimental to the performance of their other 
responsibilities. Our non-performing 
 assets may be adversely affected by loan deferrals and modifications 
made in response to the pandemic and the moratoria 
 on foreclosures and evictions. 
There can be no assurance that we will not experience increases in nonperforming loans in 
 the future, much of which is affected by the economy and the levels of interest rates, 
generally. 
 Our allowance for loan losses may prove inadequate 
or we may be negatively affected by credit risk exposures. 
 We periodically review our 
allowance for loan losses for adequacy considering economic conditions and trends, 
collateral 
 values and credit quality indicators, including past charge-off experience and 
levels of past due loans and nonperforming 
 assets. 
We cannot be 
certain that our allowance for loan losses will be adequate over time to cover 
credit losses in our 
 portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, 
including the continuing effects of the pandemic and 
 fiscal and monetary response to COVID-19 and the shift beginning in March 2022 
from an extraordinarily expansionary 
 monetary policies to a tightening monetary policy to fight inflation, loan 
modifications and deferrals, market conditions or 
 events adversely affecting specific customers, industries or markets, 
including disruptions of supply chains and the war in 
 Ukraine, and changes in borrower behaviors. 
Certain borrowers and their businesses and real estate and commercial 
 projects and businesses may be adversely affected by inflation 
and higher interest rates, and economic slowdowns arising 
 from tighter monetary policies. 
Various 
businesses will be unable to fully pass on increased costs due to inflation, and their 
 profits may shrink. 
If the credit quality of our customer base materially decreases, if the risk profile of the 
market, industry 
 or group of customers changes materially or weaknesses in the real estate markets 
worsen, borrower payment behaviors 
 change, or if our allowance for loan losses is not adequate, our business, financial condition, 
including our liquidity and 
 capital, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
CECL, a new accounting standard for estimating 
 expected future loan losses, is effective for the Company beginning January 
1, 2023, and its effects upon the Company have 
 not yet been determined. 
The CECL model incorporates various economic condition elements, 
where changes in fiscal and 
 monetary policy, as well as 
market interest rates, could result in more volatility in our provisions for loan losses under 
 CECL, which could adversely affect our net income. 

Table of Contents 
 34 
 Changes in the real estate markets, including the 
secondary market for residential mortgage loans, may continue 
to 
 adversely affect us. 

 Beginning in March 2022, inflation and the Federal monetary policies to increase interest rates 
to fight inflation have 
 caused mortgage rates to increase significantly. 
Higher interest rates and the increased level of housing costs as a result 
of 
 the COVID-19 pandemic, have caused housing starts and sales to slow. 
House prices have begun to decline in certain 
 markets from their earlier highs. 
This adversely affects our mortgage loan productions and the value of residential 
 mortgage collateral. 
Commercial real estate projects economic assumptions may be adversely affected, 
and certain projects 
 with short term and/or unhedged variable rate debt may be especially affected 
by increased interest rates and a slower 
 economy. 
 The CFPB s mortgage and servicing rules, including 
TRID rules for closed end credit transactions, enforcement actions, 
 reviews and settlements, affect the mortgage markets and our mortgage operations. 
The CFPB requires that lenders 
 determine whether a consumer has the ability to repay a mortgage loan have limited 
the secondary market for and liquidity 
 of many mortgage loans that are not qualified mortgages. 
Recently adopted changes to the CFPB s 
qualified mortgage 
 rules are reportedly being reconsidered. 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act s 
(the 2017 Tax 
Act limitations on the deductibility of residential mortgage interest and state 
 and local property and other taxes and federal moratoria on single-family 
foreclosures and rental evictions could adversely 
 affect consumer behaviors and the volumes of housing sales, 
mortgage and home equity loan originations, as well as the 
 value and liquidity of residential property held as collateral by lenders such as the Bank, and 
the secondary markets for 
 single and multi-family loans. 
Acquisition, construction and development loans for residential development 
may be 
 similarly adversely affected. 
 Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac GSEs ), have been in conservatorship since September 
2008. 
Since Fannie Mae and 
 Freddie Mac dominate the residential mortgage markets, any changes in their operations 
and requirements, as well as their 
 respective restructurings and capital, could adversely affect the primary 
and secondary mortgage markets, and our 
 residential mortgage businesses, our results of operations and the returns on capital deployed 
in these businesses. 
The 
 timing and effects of resolution of these government sponsored enterprises 
cannot be predicted. 
 We may be contractually 
obligated to repurchase 
mortgage loans we sold to third parties on terms unfavorable 
to us. 
 As part of its routine business, the Company originates mortgage loans that it subsequently 
sells in the secondary market, 
 including to Fannie Mae, a government sponsored entity GSE and other GSEs and 
government agencies. 
In connection 
 with the sale of these loans, the Company makes customary representations and 
warranties, the breach of which may result 
 in the Company being required to repurchase the loan or loans. 
Furthermore, the amount paid may be greater than the fair 
 value of the loan or loans at the time of the repurchase. 
Although mortgage loan repurchase requests made to us have been 
 limited, if these increased, we may have to establish reserves for possible 
repurchases and adversely affect our results of 
 operation and financial condition. 
 Mortgage servicing rights requirements 
may change and require 
us to incur additional costs and risks. 
 The CFPB s residential mortgage servicing 
standards may adversely affect our costs to service residential 
mortgage loans. 

 The effects of reduced housing starts and mortgage activity due to 
higher market interest rates, have decreased our 
 generation of new mortgage loans and related MSRs. 
This may be offset by decreases in mortgage prepayments and 
 refinancings, and corresponding increases in the duration of our existing MSRs and their 
values. 
This net effect could 
 reduce our aggregate income from servicing these types of loans and make it more difficult 
and costly to timely realize the 
 value of collateral securing such loans upon a borrower default. 
The Basel III Rules relating to MSRs may also increase the 
 potential capital required as a result of MSRs, when considered with other capital rule adjustments 
and deductions. 

Table of Contents 
 35 
 The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 
 We routinely execute 
transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, 
including brokers and dealers, 
 central clearinghouses, banks, including our correspondent banks and other 
financial institutions. 
Our ability to engage in 
 routine investment and banking transactions, as well as the quality and values of our investments in 
holdings of other 
 obligations of other financial institutions such as the FHLB, could be adversely affected 
by the actions, financial condition, 
 and profitability of such other financial institutions, including the FHLB and 
our correspondent banks. 
Financial services 
 institutions are interrelated as a result of shared credits, trading, clearing, counterparty and 
other relationships. 
Most 
 LIBOR reference interest rates used by many financial institutions to price 
extensions of credit will no longer be quoted 
 beginning June 30, 2023 and their use has been strongly discouraged by regulatory agencies. 
Most banks did not adopt 
 CECL until January 1, 2023. 
These changes, together with any exposures other institutions may have 
to crypto or digital 
 assets, could cause disruption and unexpected changes in the industry. 
Any losses, defaults by, or failures of, the 
 institutions we do business with could adversely affect our holdings of 
the equity in such other institutions, our 
 participation interests in loans originated by other institutions, and our business, including 
our liquidity, financial condition 
 and earnings.
 Our concentration of commercial real 
estate loans could result in further increased 
loan losses, and adversely affect our 
 business, earnings, and financial condition. 
 Commercial real estate, or CRE, is cyclical and poses risks of possible loss due to concentration 
levels and the risks of the 
 assets being financed, which include loans for the acquisition and development of land 
and residential construction. 
The 
 federal bank regulatory agencies released guidance in 2006 on Concentrations in 
Commercial Real Estate Lending. 
The 
 guidance defines CRE loans as exposures secured by raw land, land development and 
construction loans (including 1-4 
 family residential construction loans), multi-family property, 
and non-farm non-residential property, 
where the primary or a 
 significant source of repayment is derived from rental income associated 
with the property (that is, loans for which 50 or 
 more of the source of repayment comes from third party, 
non-affiliated, rental income) or the proceeds of the sale, 
 refinancing, or permanent financing of the property. 
Loans to REITs 
and unsecured loans to developers that closely 
 correlate to the inherent risks in CRE markets are also CRE loans. 
Loans on owner occupied commercial real estate are 
 generally excluded from CRE for purposes of this guidance. 
Excluding owner occupied commercial real estate, we had 
 40.4 
of our portfolio in CRE loans at year-end 2022 
compared to 42.6 at year-end 2021. 
The banking regulators 
 continue to give CRE lending scrutiny and require banks with higher levels 
of CRE loans to implement improved 
 underwriting, internal controls, risk management policies and portfolio 
stress testing, as well as higher levels of allowances 
 for possible losses and capital levels as a result of CRE lending growth and exposures. 
Increases in interest rates beginning 
 in March 2022 may adversely affect the assumptions and performance 
of CRE, and the ability of borrowers to refinance on 
 terms that CRE borrowers and their projects can support. 
Lower demand for CRE, and reduced availability of, and higher 
 interest rates and costs for, CRE loans could adversely affect 
our CRE loans and sales of our OREO, and therefore our 
 earnings and financial condition, including our capital and liquidity. 
 Our future success is dependent on our ability 
to compete effectively in highly competitive markets. 
 The East Alabama banking markets which we operate are 
highly competitive and our future growth and success will 
 depend on our ability to compete effectively in these markets. 
We compete for loans, deposits 
and other financial services 
 with other local, regional and national commercial banks, thrifts, credit unions, 
mortgage lenders, and securities and 
 insurance brokerage firms. 
Lenders operating nationwide over the internet are growing rapidly. 
Many of our competitors 
 offer products and services different from us, and 
have substantially greater resources, name recognition and market 
 presence than we do, which benefits them in attracting business. 
In addition, larger competitors may be able to price loans 
 and deposits more aggressively than we are able to and have broader and more diverse customer 
and geographic bases to 
 draw upon. 
Out of state banks may branch into our markets. 
Fintech and other non-bank competitors also complete for our 
 customers, and may partner with other banks and/or seek to enter the payments system. 
Failures of other banks with offices 
 in our markets could also lead to the entrance of new, 
stronger competitors in our markets. 

Table of Contents 
 36 
 Our success depends on local economic conditions.
 Our success depends on the general economic conditions in the geographic 
markets we serve in Alabama. 
The local 
 economic conditions in our markets have a significant effect on our commercial, 
real estate and construction loans, the 
 ability of borrowers to repay these loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans. 
Adverse changes in the 
 economic conditions of the Southeastern United States in general, or in one or more of our 
local markets, including the 
 effects of higher market interest rates and inflation, supply chain disruptions, 
changes in customer behaviors and in the 
 workforce and demand for space since the COVID-19 pandemic, and the timing and 
magnitude of future inflation and 
 interest rates, could negatively affect our results of operations and our profitability. 
Our local economy is also affected by 
 the growth of automobile manufacturing and related suppliers located in our 
markets and nearby. 
Auto sales and housing 
 sales are cyclical and are affected adversely by higher interest 
rates. 
 Attractive acquisition opportunities may not be available to us in the 
future.

While we seek continued organic growth, including loan growth, 
we also may consider the acquisition of other businesses. 

 We expect that other banking 
and financial companies, many of which have significantly greater resources, 
will compete 
 with us to acquire financial services businesses. 
This competition could increase prices for potential acquisitions that we 
 believe are attractive. 
Also, acquisitions are subject to various regulatory approvals. 
If we fail to receive the appropriate 
 regulatory approvals, we will not be able to consummate an acquisition that 
we believe is in our best interests, and 
 regulatory approvals could contain conditions that reduce the anticipated benefits of any transaction. 
Among other things, 
 our regulators consider our capital, liquidity, 
profitability, regulatory compliance 
and levels of goodwill and intangibles 
 when considering acquisition and expansion proposals. 
Any acquisition could be dilutive to our earnings and shareholders 
 equity per share of our common stock. 
The regulatory agencies are carefully scrutinizing financial institution 
mergers, and 
 the merger application process has lengthened. 

 Future acquisitions and expansion activities may disrupt 
our business, dilute shareholder value and adversely affect 
our 
 operating results. 
 We regularly evaluate 
potential acquisitions and expansion opportunities, including new branches and 
other offices. 
To the 
 extent that we grow through acquisitions, we cannot assure you that we 
will be able to adequately or profitably manage this 
 growth. 
Acquiring other banks, branches, or businesses, as well as other geographic and product 
expansion activities, 
 involve various risks including: 

risks of unknown or contingent liabilities, and potential asset quality issues; 
 
 unanticipated costs and delays; 
 
 risks that acquired new businesses will not perform consistent with our growth and profitability 
expectations; 
 
 risks of entering new markets or product areas where we have limited experience; 
 
 risks that growth will strain our infrastructure, staff, internal controls 
and management, which may require 
 additional personnel, time and expenditures; 
 
 difficulties, expenses and delays of integrating the operations and personnel of acquired 
institutions; 

potential disruptions to our business; 
 
 possible loss of key employees and customers of acquired institutions; 
 
 potential short-term decreases in profitability; and 
 
 diversion of our management s time and 
attention from our existing operations and business. 

Table of Contents 
 37 
 Technological 
changes affect our business, and we may have fewer resources 
than many competitors to invest in 
 technological improvements. 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes 
with frequent introductions of new technology 
 driven products and services and growing demands for mobile and user-based 
banking applications. In addition to allowing 
 us to analyze our customers better, the effective 
use of technology may increase efficiency and may enable 
financial 
 institutions to reduce costs, risks associated with fraud and compliance 
with anti-money laundering and other laws, and 
 various operational risks. Largely unregulated fintech businesses 
have increased their participation in the lending and 
 payments businesses, and have increased competition in these businesses. Our future 
success will depend, in part, upon our 
 ability to use technology to provide products and services that meet our customers preferences 
and create additional 
 efficiencies in operations, while avoiding cyber-attacks 
and disruptions, data breaches and anti-money laundering and other 
 potential violations of law. The 
COVID-19 pandemic and increased remote work has accelerated electronic 
banking 
 activity and the need for increased operational efficiencies. 
We may need to 
make significant additional capital 
 investments in technology, including 
cyber and data security, 
and we may not be able to effectively implement new 
 technology-driven products and services, or such technology 
may prove less effective than anticipated. Many larger 
 competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements 
and, increasingly, 
non-banking 
 firms are using technology to compete with traditional lenders for loans, payments, 
and other banking services. 
As a result, 
 our competition from service providers not located in our markets has increased. 
 Operational risks are inherent 
in our businesses. 
 Operational risks and losses can result from internal and external fraud; gaps or 
weaknesses in our risk management or 
 internal audit procedures; errors by employees or third parties, including our vendors, 
failures to document transactions 
 properly or obtain proper authorizations; failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements 
in the various 
 jurisdictions where we do business or have customers; failures in our estimates models 
that rely on; equipment failures, 
 including those caused by natural disasters, or by electrical, telecommunications 
or other essential utility outages; business 
 continuity and data security system failures, including those caused by computer viruses, cyberattacks, 
unforeseen 
 problems encountered while implementing major new computer systems or, 
failures to timely and properly upgrade and 
 patch existing systems or inadequate access to data or poor response capabilities in light of 
such business continuity and 
 data security system failures; or the inadequacy or failure of systems and controls, 
including those of our vendors or 
 counterparties. 
The COVID-19 pandemic presented operational challenges to maintaining 
continuity of operations of 
 customer services while protecting our employees and customers safety and 
similar situations may occur in the future. 
In 
 addition, we face certain risks inherent in the ownership and operation of our bank premises 
and other real-estate, including 
 liability for accidents on our properties. Although we have implemented risk controls 
and loss mitigation actions, and 
 substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient procedures, 
identifying and rectifying weaknesses in existing 
 procedures and training staff and potential environmental risks, it is not possible 
to be certain that such actions have been or 
 will be effective in controlling these various operational risks that evolve 
continuously. 

Table of Contents 
 38 
 Potential gaps in our risk management policies and internal audit procedures 
may leave us exposed unidentified or 
 unanticipated risk, which could negatively affect our business. 
 Our enterprise risk management and internal audit program is designed to 
mitigate material risks and loss to us. We 
have 
 developed and continue to develop risk management and internal audit policies and 
procedures to reflect the ongoing 
 review of our risks and expect to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, our policies 
and procedures may not be 
 comprehensive and may not identify timely every risk to which we are exposed, and 
our internal audit process may fail to 
 detect such weaknesses or deficiencies timely in our risk management framework. Many 
of our risk management models 
 and estimates use observed historical market behavior to model or project 
potential future exposure. 
Models used by our 
 business, including the new CECL models, are based on assumptions and 
projections. These models may not operate 
 properly or our inputs and assumptions may be inaccurate, or changes in economic and 
market conditions, customer 
 behaviors or regulations. 
As a result, these methods may not fully or timely predict future exposures, 
which can be 
 significantly greater and/or faster than historically. 
Other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of 
 information regarding markets, clients, or other matters that are publicly available or 
otherwise accessible to us. This 
 information may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. 
Furthermore, there can be no 
 assurance that we can effectively review and monitor all risks or 
that all of our employees will closely follow our risk 
 management policies and procedures, nor can there be any assurance that our risk 
management policies and procedures will 
 enable us to accurately identify all risks and limit our exposures based on our assessments. 
In addition, we may have to 
 implement more extensive and perhaps different risk management 
policies and procedures as our regulation changes. 
For 
 example, the Federal Reserve and the OCC are in the initial stages of proposing climate risk 
management criteria and 
 potential climate risk stress tests. 
The SEC is expected to require more disclosure on climate risks, also. 
All of these could 
 adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any failure to protect 
the confidentiality of customer information could adversely affect our reputation 
and have a material 
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results 
of operations
 . 
 Various 
laws enforced by the bank regulators and other agencies protect the privacy and security of 
customers non-public 
 personal information. Many of our employees have access to, and routinely process 
personal information of clients through 
 a variety of media, including information technology systems. 
Our internal processes and controls are designed to protect 
 the confidentiality of client information we hold and that is accessible to us and our employees. 
It is possible that an 
 employee could, intentionally or unintentionally, 
disclose or misappropriate confidential client information or our data 
 could be the subject of a cybersecurity attack. 
Such personal data could also be compromised via intrusions into our 
 systems or those of our service providers or persons we do business with such as credit 
bureaus, data processors and 
 merchants who accept credit or debit cards for payment. If we fail to maintain adequate 
internal controls, or if our 
 employees fail to comply with our policies and procedures, misappropriation 
or inappropriate disclosure or misuse of client 
 information could occur. Such internal control 
inadequacies or non-compliance could materially damage our reputation, 
 lead to remediation costs and civil or criminal penalties. 
These could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
 financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our information systems may experience interruptions and 
security breaches. 
 We rely heavily on communications 
and information systems, including those provided by third-party service 
providers, to 
 conduct our business. 
Any failure, interruption, or security breach of these systems could result in failures or 
disruptions 
 which could affect our customers privacy and our customer relationships, 
generally. 
Our business continuity plans, 
 including those of our service providers, for back-up and service restoration, may 
not be effective in the case of widespread 
 outages due to severe weather, natural disasters, pandemics, 
or power, communications and other failures. 
 Our systems and networks, as well as those of our third-party service providers, 
are subject to security risks and could be 
 susceptible to disruption through cyber-attacks, such as denial of service attacks, hacking, 
terrorist activities, or identity 
 theft. 
Cybercrime risks have increased as electronic and mobile banking activities increased 
as a result of the COVID-19 
 pandemic, and may increase as a result of the Russia invasion of Ukraine and tensions 
with mainland China. 
Other 
 financial service institutions and their service providers have reported material security breaches 
in their websites or other 
 systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted 
attacks, including use of stolen access credentials, 
 malware, ransomware, phishing and distributed denial-of-service attacks, among 
other means. 
Such cyber-attacks may also 
 seek to disrupt the operations of public companies or their business partners, effect 
unauthorized fund transfers, obtain 
 unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade 
service, or sabotage systems. 
Hacking and 
 identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational 
harm. 

Table of Contents 
 39 
 Despite our cybersecurity policies and procedures and our Board 
of Director s and Management s efforts 
to monitor and 
 ensure the integrity of the systems we use, we may not be able to anticipate 
the rapidly evolving security threats, nor may 
 we be able to implement preventive measures effective against all such threats. 
The techniques used by cyber criminals 
 change frequently, may 
not be recognized until launched and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including 
 external service providers, organized crime affiliates, 
terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. 
These risks 
 may increase in the future as the use of mobile banking and other internet electronic banking continues 
to grow. 
 Security breaches or failures may have serious adverse financial and other consequences, 
including significant legal and 
 remediation costs, disruptions to operations, misappropriation of confidential information, 
damage to systems operated by 
 us or our third-party service providers, as well as damages to our customers and our counterparties. 
In addition, these events 
 could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional 
regulatory scrutiny, or expose 
us 
 to civil litigation and possible financial liability, 
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our 
financial 
 condition and results of operations. 

 We may be unable 
to attract and retain key people to support our business. 
 Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key people. 
We compete 
with other financial services 
 companies for people primarily on the basis of compensation and benefits, support 
services and financial position. Intense 
 competition exists for key employees with demonstrated ability, 
and we may be unable to hire or retain such employees. 
 Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term 
success. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of 
 our key persons and failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge 
and smooth transitions involving such persons could 
 have a material adverse effect on our business due to loss of their skills, 
knowledge of our business, their years of industry 
 experience and the potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified 
replacement employees. 
 Proposed rules implementing the executive compensation provisions of the Dodd 
-Frank Act may limit the type and 
 structure of compensation arrangements and prohibit the payment of excessive compensation 
to our executives. These 
 restrictions could negatively affect our ability to compete with other companies 
in recruiting and retaining key personnel. 
 Severe weather and natural disasters, including 
as a result of climate change, pandemics, epidemics, acts 
of war or 
 terrorism or other external events could have significant 
effects on our business. 
 Severe weather and natural disasters, including hurricanes, tornados, 
drought and floods, epidemics and pandemics, acts of 
 war or terrorism or other external events could have a significant effect on our ability to conduct 
business. 
Such events 
 could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to 
repay outstanding loans, impair the value of 
 collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue 
and/or cause us to incur additional 
 expenses. 
Although management has established disaster recovery and business continuity 
policies and procedures, the 
 occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, which, in turn, could have a material 
 adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

 The COVID-19 pandemic, trade wars, tariffs, sanctions and similar 
events and disputes, domestic and international, have 
 adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect 
economic activity globally, 
nationally and locally. 
Market interest 
 rates have changed significantly and suddenly. 
Federal Reserve target federal funds rates declined to 0-0.25 
in March 
 2020, where these remained until March 2022. 
As of March 7, 2023, this had increased to 4.50-4.75 due to inflation. 

 Such events also may adversely affect business and consumer 
confidence, generally. 
We and our customers, 
and our 
 respective suppliers, vendors and processors may be adversely affected 
by rising costs and shortages of needed equipment 
 and supplies and tight labor markets. 
The continuation or worsening of these conditions may adversely affect 
our 
 profitability, growth asset quality and 
financial condition. 

Table of Contents 
 40 
 Financial Risks 
 Our ability to realize our deferred 
tax assets may be reduced in the future 
if our estimates of future taxable income from 
 our operations and tax planning strategies do not support this amount, and the amount 
of net operating loss carry-forwards 
 realizable for income tax purposes may be reduced 
under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code by sales of our capital 
 securities. 

 We are allowed to carry 
-back losses for two years for Federal income tax purposes. 
As of December 31, 2022, we had a 
 net deferred tax asset of 13.8 million with gross deferred tax assets of 15.6 million. 
These and future deferred tax assets 
 may be further reduced in the future if our estimates of future taxable income from our 
operations and tax planning 
 strategies do not support the amount of the deferred tax asset. 
The amount of net operating loss carry-forwards realizable 
 for income tax purposes potentially could be further reduced under Section 382 of the Internal 
Revenue Code by a 
 significant offering and/or other sales of our capital securities. 
Current bank capital rules also reduce the regulatory capital 
 benefits of deferred tax assets. 
 Our cost of funds may increase as a result 
of general economic conditions, interest rates, inflation 
and changes in customer 
 behaviors and competitive pressures. 
 The Federal Reserve shifted to a more accommodating monetary policy in Summer 
2019. During 2020, the Federal Reserve 
 reduced its federal funds target to 0-0.25 and has made significant 
monthly purchases of U.S. Treasury and agency 
 mortgage-backed securities to help stimulate the economy. 
Beginning March 2022, as inflation became more persistent, the 
 Federal Reserve started increasing interest rates and reducing its holdings of U.S government, 
agency and agency 
 mortgage-backed securities. 
Our costs of funds may increase as a result of general economic conditions, increasing interest 
 rates and competitive pressures, and inflation, and anticipated future changes by the Federal 
Reserve to reduce inflation. 

 Traditionally, 
we have obtained funds principally through local deposits and borrowings from other institutional 
lenders 
 such as the FHLB, which we believe are a cheaper and more stable source of funds than borrowings, 
generally. 
Increases 
 in interest rates may cause consumers to shift their funds to more interest-bearing instruments 
and to increase the 
 competition for and costs of deposits. 
If customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investment assets or 
 from transaction deposits to higher interest-bearing time deposits, 
we could lose a relatively low cost source of funds, 
 increasing our funding costs and potentially reducing our net interest income and net income. 
Additionally, any such loss of 
 funds could result in lower loan originations and growth, which could materially and 
adversely affect our results of 
 operations and financial condition. 
See Supervision and Regulation Fiscal and Monetary Policy. 
 Our profitability and liquidity may be affected 
by changes in interest rates and interest 
rate levels, the shape of the yield 
 curve and economic conditions. 

 Our profitability depends upon net interest income, which is the difference between 
interest earned on interest-earning 
 assets, such as loans and investments, and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, 
such as deposits and borrowings. 

 Our income is primarily driven by the spread between these rates. Net interest income 
will be adversely affected if market 
 interest rates and the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings increases faster than the 
interest earned on loans and 
 investments. 
Interest rates, and consequently our results of operations, are affected 
by general economic conditions 
 (national, international and local) and fiscal and monetary policies, as well as expectations 
of interest rate changes, fiscal 
 and monetary policies and the shape of the yield curve. 
As a result, a steeper yield curve, meaning long-term interest rates 
 are significantly higher than short-term interest rates, would provide 
the Bank with a better opportunity to increase net 
 interest income. 
Conversely, a flattening yield curve 
could further pressure our net interest margin as our cost of funds 
 increases relative to the spread we can earn on our assets. 
The yield curve was inverted at the beginning of March 2023, 
 and this results in a lower spread between our costs of funds and our interest income. 
In addition, net interest income could 
 be affected by asymmetrical changes in the different interest 
rate indexes, given that not all of our assets or liabilities are 
 priced with the same index. 
Higher market interest rates and sales of securities held by the Federal 
Reserve to reduce 
 inflation generally reduce economic activity and may loan demand and growth. 
 The production of mortgages and other loans and the value of collateral securing our 
loans are dependent on demand within 
 the markets we serve, as well as interest rates. 
Lower interest rates typically increase mortgage originations, decrease MSR 
 values and promote economic growth. 
Increases in market interest rates tend to decrease mortgage originations, increase 
 MSR values, decrease the value and liquidity of collateral securing loans, and potentially 
increase net interest spread 
 depending upon the yield curve and the magnitude and duration of interest rate 
increase, and constrain economic growth. 

Table of Contents 
 41 
 Increases in market interest rates have also caused unrealized losses in our securities 
portfolio as our available for sale 
 investments are carried at fair value and market prices have declined as 
market interest rates increase. 
Although these 
 unrealized losses do not adversely affect our regulatory capital, these do 
reduce our reported GAAP tangible stockholders 
 equity. 
Sales of securities with unrealized losses would result in realized losses 
for GAAP, 
regulatory capital and tax 
 purposes. 
Increases in interest rates may also change depositor behaviors as customers 
seek higher yielding deposits. 
This 
 may adversely affect our net interest income and net income and 
may also adversely affect our liquidity. 
 Liquidity risks could affect operations and jeopardize 
our financial condition. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic generally has increased our deposits and at banks, generally, 
while reducing the interest rates 
 earned on loans and securities. 
Such excess liquidity and the resulting balance sheet growth requires capital support 
and 
 reduced returns on assets and equity. 
Inflation and tightening monetary policies beginning in early 2022 have increased 
 interest spreads, but may change the mix and costs of our deposits over time. 
The growth in deposits exceeded our loan 
 growth and the difference was invested in high-quality, 
marketable U.S. government and government agency securities, 
 including agency mortgage-backed securities. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. 
An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, proceeds from loan 
 repayments or sales proceeds from maturing loans and securities, and other sources 
could have a negative effect on our 
 liquidity. 
Our funding sources include deposits (primarily core deposits), federal 
funds purchased, securities sold under 
 repurchase agreements, and short- 
and long-term debt. 
We maintain a portfolio 
of marketable high-quality securities that 
 can be used as a source of liquidity. 
As market interest rates have risen, however, 
we have experienced unrealized losses 
 on such securities, which would become realized losses upon the sale of such securities, 
and such sales at a loss would 
 reduce our net income and our regulatory capital. 
 We are also 
members of the FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank, and we can obtain advances collateralized 
with eligible 
 assets, and maintain uncommitted federal funds lines of credit with other banks. 
On March 12, 2023, the Federal Reserve 
 established a new Bank Term 
Funding Program BTFP ), which offers loans of up to one year to banks, savings 
 associations, credit unions, and other eligible depository institutions pledging U.S. 
Treasuries, agency debt and mortgage-
 backed securities, and other qualifying assets as collateral. These assets will be valued 
at par. The BTFP will be an 
 additional source of liquidity against high-quality securities, eliminating 
an institution's need to quickly sell those securities 
 in times of stress. 
In addition, the discount window will apply the same margins used 
for the securities eligible for the 
 BTFP, 
further increasing the value of investment securities at the discount window. 
 Other sources of liquidity available to the Company or the Bank, if needed, include our 
ability to acquire additional non-
 core deposits. 
We may be able, depending 
upon market conditions, to otherwise borrow money or issue and sell debt 
and 
 preferred or common securities in public or private transactions. 
Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to 
 finance or capitalize our activities on terms which are acceptable to us could be impaired 
by factors that affect us 
 specifically, or the financial services industry, 
the economy and market interest rates and fiscal and monetary policies. 

 General conditions that are not specific to us, such as disruptions in the financial 
markets or negative views and 
 expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry could adversely affect 
us. 
 Changes in accounting and tax rules applicable to banks could adversely 
affect our financial conditions and results of 
 operations. 

 From time to time, the FASB 
and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the 
 preparation of our financial statements. 
These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how 
we record 
 and report our financial condition and results of operations. 
In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised 
 standard retroactively, resulting 
in us restating prior period financial statements
 . 
 The
 FASB s 
guidance under ASU No. 
 2016-13 includes significant changes to the manner in which banks allowance 
for loan losses will be effective for us 
 beginning January 1, 2023. 
Instead of using historical losses, the CECL model is forward-looking with respect 
to expected 
 losses over the life of loans and other instruments and the CECL models include inputs 
based on economic and market 
 conditions, all of which could materially affect our results of operations 
and financial condition, including the variability of 
 our results of operations and our regulatory capital, notwithstanding a three-year phase-in 
of CECL for regulatory capital 
 purposes. 

Table of Contents 
 42 
 We may need 
to raise additional capital in the future, but that capital 
may not be available when it is needed or on 
 favorable terms. 
 We anticipate that our current 
capital resources will satisfy our capital requirements for the foreseeable future 
under 
 currently effective rules. 
We may, 
however, need to raise additional capital to 
support our growth or currently 
 unanticipated losses, or to meet the needs of our communities, resulting from failures or 
cutbacks by our competitors. 
Our 
 ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend, among other things, 
on conditions in the capital markets at that 
 time, which are limited by events outside our control, and on our financial performance. 
If we cannot raise additional 
 capital on acceptable terms when needed, our ability to further expand our operations 
through internal growth and 
 acquisitions could be limited. 

 Our associates may take excessive risks which could negatively affect our financial 
condition and business. 
 Banks are in the business of accepting certain risks. 
Our executive officers and other members of management, 
sales 
 intermediaries, investment professionals, product managers, and other 
associates, make decisions and choices that involve 
 exposing us to risk. We endeavor, 
in the design and implementation of our compensation programs and practices, to avoid 
 giving our associates incentives to take excessive risks; however, 
associates may nonetheless take such risks. 
Similarly, 
 although we employ controls and procedures designed to prevent misconduct, 
to monitor associates business decisions and 
 prevent them from taking excessive risks, these controls and procedures may not be effective. 
If our associates take 
 excessive risks, risks to our reputation, financial condition and business operations 
could be materially and adversely 
 affected. 
 Our ability to continue to pay dividends to shareholders 
in the future is subject to our profitability, 
capital, liquidity and 
 regulatory requirements 
and these limitations may prevent or limit future 
dividends.
 Cash available to pay dividends to our shareholders is derived primarily from dividends paid 
to the Company by the Bank. 

 The ability of the Bank to pay dividends, as well as our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders, 
will continue to be 
 subject to and limited by laws limiting dividend payments by the Bank, the results of operations 
of our subsidiaries and our 
 need to maintain appropriate liquidity and capital at all levels of our business consistent 
with regulatory requirements and 
 the needs of our businesses. 
See Supervision and Regulation . 
 A limited trading market exists for our common shares, 
which could result in price volatility. 
 Your 
ability to sell or purchase common shares depends upon the existence of an active trading 
market for our common 
 stock. 
Although our common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol 
 AUBN, our trading 
 volume has been limited historically. 
As a result, you may be unable to sell or purchase shares of our common stock at the 
 volume, price and time that you desire. 
Additionally, whether 
the purchase or sales prices of our common stock reflects a 
 reasonable valuation of our common stock also is affected by limited trading 
market, and thus the price you receive for a 
 thinly-traded stock, such as our common stock, may not reflect its true or intrinsic 
value. 
The limited trading market for 
 our common stock may cause fluctuations in the market value of our common stock to be exaggerated, 
leading to price 
 volatility in excess of that which would occur in a more active trading market. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 The Company is an entity separate and distinct from 
the Bank. 
 The Company is an entity separate and distinct from the Bank. Company transactions 
with the Bank are limited by Sections 
 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Federal Reserve Regulation W. 
We depend upon the Bank s 
earnings and 
 dividends, which are limited by law and regulatory policies and actions, for cash to pay the Company s 
corporate 
 obligations, and to pay dividends to our shareholders. 
If the Bank s ability to pay dividends to the Company 
was 
 terminated or limited, the Company s liquidity and 
financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

Table of Contents 
 43 
 Legislative and regulatory changes 
 The Biden Administration has appointed new members to the FDIC and Federal Reserve 
boards, and has appointed an 
 acting Comptroller of the Currency, and 
a new full time CFPB director and FDIC Chairman, a new Federal Reserve Vice 
 Chairman for Supervision and will nominate a new Vice 
Chair to replace Lael Brainard. 
The Administration and its 
 appointees propose changes to bank regulation and corporate tax changes that could have an 
adverse effect on our results of 
 operations and financial conditions. 
 We are 
subject to extensive regulation that could limit or restrict 
our activities and adversely affect our earnings. 
 We and our subsidiaries are 
regulated by several regulators, including the Federal Reserve, the 
Alabama Superintendent, 
 the SEC and the FDIC. 
Although not regulated or supervised by the CFPB, we are subject to the regulations and 
 interpretations of the CFPB and the Federal Reserve s 
supervision of our compliance with such regulations and 
 pronouncements. 
Our success is affected by state and federal laws and regulations affecting 
banks and bank holding 
 companies, and the securities markets, and our costs of compliance could adversely affect 
our earnings. 
Banking 
 regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors, and the FDIC s 
DIF, not shareholders. 
The financial services 
 industry also is subject to frequent legislative and regulatory changes and proposed 
changes. 
In addition, the interpretations 
 of regulations by regulators may change and statutes may be enacted with retroactive impact. 
From time to time, regulators 
 raise issues during examinations of us which, if not determined satisfactorily, 
could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and costly and 
may affect our profitability. 
Our 
 regulators could have a material adverse effect on financial services 
regulation, generally. 
 Litigation and regulatory actions could harm 
our reputation and adversely affect our results 
of operations and financial 
 condition. 
 A substantial legal liability or a significant regulatory action against us, as well as regulatory 
inquiries or investigations, 
 could harm our reputation, result in material fines or penalties, result in significant legal and 
other costs, divert management 
 resources away from our business, and otherwise have a material adverse effect 
on our ability to expand on our existing 
 business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we ultimately prevail 
in litigation, regulatory investigation or 
 action, our ability to attract new customers, retain our current customers and recruit and retain 
employees could be 
 materially and adversely affected. 
Regulatory inquiries and litigation may also adversely affect the prices or volatility of 
 our securities specifically, or the 
securities of our industry, 
generally. 
 As a participating lender in the PPP, 
the Bank is subject to additional risks of litigation from the Bank s 
customers or other 
 parties regarding 
the Bank s 
processing of loans for the PPP and risks of potential 
SBA or bank regulatory claims.

The Bank participated as a lender in the PPP and made a total of 56.7 million of PPP loans in 2020 
and 2021, generally to 
 support existing customers in the Bank s 
markets. 
All PPP loans made by the Bank have been forgiven by the SBA, except 
 for one credit where the borrower is voluntarily repaying the loan. 
Since the beginning of the PPP, 
various banks have 
 been subject to litigation regarding the processes and procedures used in processing applications 
for the PPP, 
and greater 
 governmental attention is directed at preventing fraud. 
We may be exposed to 
similar litigation risks, from both customers 
 and non-customers that approached the Bank regarding PPP loans that we extended. 

The SBA, the Department of Justice and the bank regulators are investigating 
various PPP lenders and borrowers with 
 respect to potential fraud or improper activities under the PPP loan programs. 
Although the SBA has not indicated any 
 issues with the Bank s participation in the PPP 
program and honored all PPP forgiveness requests, the Bank could have 
 potential liability if the SBA later determines deficiencies in the manner in 
which PPP loans were originated, funded or 
 serviced by the Bank, such as an issue with the eligibility of a borrower to receive a 
PPP loan, or its forgiveness of a PPP 
 properly, including those related 
to the ambiguities in the laws, rules and guidance regarding the PPP s 
operation. 
 The Bank is unaware of any such investigation or claims. If any such claims are 
made against the Bank and are not resolved 
 favorably to the Bank, it may result in financial liability or adversely affect 
our reputation. 
Any financial liability, litigation 
 costs or reputational damage caused by PPP related litigation could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, financial 
 condition and results of operations. 
Similar issues may also result in the denial of forgiveness of PPP 
loans, which could 
 expose us to potential borrower bankruptcies and potential losses and additional costs. 

Table of Contents 
 44 
 We are 
required to maintain 
capital to meet regulatory requirements, 
and if we fail to maintain sufficient capital, our 
 financial condition, liquidity and results of operations 
would be adversely affected. 

 We and the Bank must 
meet regulatory capital requirements and maintain sufficient 
liquidity, including liquidity 
at the 
 Company, as well as the Bank. 
If we fail to meet these capital and other regulatory requirements, including 
more rigorous 
 requirements arising from our regulators implementation of Basel III, 
our financial condition, liquidity and results of 
 operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
Our failure to remain well capitalized and well managed , 
 including meeting the Basel III capital conservation buffers, for 
bank regulatory purposes, could affect customer 
 confidence, our ability to grow, our 
costs of funds and FDIC insurance, our ability to raise brokered deposits, our 
ability to 
 pay dividends on our common stock and our ability to make acquisitions, and we 
may no longer meet the requirements for 
 becoming a financial holding company. 
These could also affect our ability to use discretionary bonuses to 
attract and retain 
 quality personnel. 

 See 
 Supervision and Regulation Basel III Capital Rules. 
Although we currently have capital ratios 
 that exceed all these minimum levels and a strategic plan to maintain these levels, 
we or the Bank may be unable to 
 continue to satisfy the capital adequacy requirements and/or maintain our liquidity for various 
reasons, which may include: 

losses and/or increases in the Bank s credit risk assets 
and expected losses resulting from the deterioration in the 
 creditworthiness of borrowers and the issuers of equity and debt securities; 
 
 difficulty in refinancing or issuing instruments upon redemption or 
at maturity of such instruments to raise capital 
 under acceptable terms and conditions; 
 
 declines in the value of our securities portfolios; 
 
 revisions to the regulations or their application by our regulators that increase our capital requirements; 
 
 reduced total earnings on our assets will reduce our internal generation of capital available 
to support our balance 
 sheet growth; 
 
 reductions in the value of our MSRs and DTAs; 
and other adverse developments; and 
 
 unexpected growth and an inability to increase capital timely. 
 A failure to remain well capitalized, for bank regulatory purposes, including meeting the 
Basel III Capital Rule s 
 conservation buffer, could adversely affect 
customer confidence, and our: 

ability to grow; 
 
 the costs of and availability of funds; 
 
 FDIC deposit insurance premiums; 
 
 ability to raise or replace brokered deposits; 
 
 ability to pay or increase dividends on our capital stock. 
 
 ability to make discretionary bonuses to attract and retain quality personnel; 
 
 ability to make acquisitions or engage in new activities; 
 
 flexibility if we become subject to prompt corrective action restrictions; and 
 
 ability to make payments of principal and interest on any of our capital instruments 
that may be then outstanding. 
 The Federal Reserve may require 
us to commit capital resources 
to support the Bank. 
 As a matter of policy, the Federal 
Reserve expects a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial 
 strength to a subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank. The 
Federal Reserve may require a 
 bank holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank. In addition, 
the Dodd-Frank Act amended 
 the FDI Act to require that all companies that control a FDIC-insured depository institution 
serve as a source of financial 
 strength to their depository institution subsidiaries. Under these requirements, 
we could be required to provide financial 
 assistance to the Bank should it experience financial distress, even if further investment 
was not otherwise warranted. See 
 Supervision and Regulation. 

Table of Contents 
 45 
 Our operations are subject to risk of loss from 
unfavorable fiscal, monetary and political developments in 
the U.S. 
 Our businesses and earnings are affected by the fiscal, monetary and other policies 
and actions of various U.S. 
 governmental and regulatory authorities. Changes in these are beyond our control 
and are difficult to predict and, 
 consequently, changes in these 
policies could have negative effects on our activities and results of operations. 
Failures of 
 the executive and legislative branches to agree on spending plans and budgets previously 
have led to Federal government 
 shutdowns, which may adversely affect the U.S. economy. 
Additionally, any prolonged 
government shutdown may inhibit 
 our ability to evaluate the economy, generally, 
and affect government workers who are not paid 
during such events, and 
 where the absence of government services and data could adversely affect consumer 
and business sentiment, our local 
 economy and our customers and therefore our business. 
 Litigation and regulatory investigations are 
increasingly common in our businesses and may result 
in significant financial 
 losses and/or harm to our reputation. 
 We face risks of litigation 
and regulatory investigations and actions in the ordinary course of operating our 
businesses, 
 including the risk of class action lawsuits. Plaintiffs in class action and 
other lawsuits against us may seek very large and/or 
 indeterminate amounts, including punitive and treble damages. Due to the vagaries of litigation, 
the ultimate outcome of 
 litigation and the amount or range of potential loss at particular points in time may be difficult 
to ascertain. We 
do not have 
 any material pending litigation or regulatory matters affecting 
us. 
 Failures to comply with the fair lending laws, CFPB regulations 
or the Community Reinvestment Act, or CRA, could 
 adversely affect us. 
 The Bank is subject to, among other things, the provisions of the Equal Credit Opportunity 
Act, or ECOA, and the Fair 
 Housing Act, both of which prohibit discrimination based on race or 
color, religion, national origin, sex and familial status 
 in any aspect of a consumer, commercial credit or residential 
real estate transaction. The DOJ and the federal bank 
 regulatory agencies have issued an Interagency Policy Statement on Discrimination 
in Lending have provided guidance to 
 financial institutions to evaluate whether discrimination exists and how the agencies 
will respond to lending discrimination, 
 and what steps lenders might take to prevent discriminatory lending practices. Failures 
to comply with ECOA, the Fair 
 Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations, including CFPB 
regulations or interpretations, could subject us to 
 enforcement actions or litigation, and could have a material adverse effect 
on our business financial condition and results of 
 operations. Our Bank is also subject to the CRA and periodic CRA examinations. The CRA requires 
us to serve our entire 
 communities, including low- 
and moderate-income neighborhoods. Our CRA ratings could be 
adversely affected by actual 
 or alleged violations of the fair lending or consumer financial protection laws. Even though 
we have maintained an 
 satisfactory CRA rating since 2000, we cannot predict our future CRA ratings. 
Violations of fair lending laws or if our 
 CRA rating falls to less than satisfactory could adversely affect 
our business, including expansion through branching or 
 acquisitions. 
 The Federal banking regulators jointly proposed comprehensive revisions to their CRA 
regulations on May 5, 2022, and 
 which may be adopted in the first half of 2023. 
These revisions have not been finalized but could have significant effects 
 on our compliance costs and activities. 
See Supervision and Regulation -
 Community Reinvestment Act and Consumer 
 Laws. 
 COVID-19 Risks 
 The national emergencies related to COVID-19 have been terminated 
by the President effective May 11, 2023. 
The 
 medical and direct economic effects of COVID-19 diminished 
over 2022 and are not directly affecting the Company s 
 business. 
COVID-19 continues to have various indirect effects and risks, the 
most important of which are described herein, 
 including continuing inflation and the Federal Reserve s 
change from accommodative monetary policy to a tightening 
 monetary policy to fight inflation following significant fiscal and monetary stimuli provided 
to reduce the effects of 
 COVID-19 pandemic on the economy, as 
well significant changes resulting from the pandemic, including supply chain 
 disruptions, a tight labor market, remote work away from the office, population 
and business shifts within regions of the 
 United States, changes in real estate utilization, and shortages of housing and increases 
in rents and housing costs in various 
 areas of the country. These risks are discussed 
in this report. 

The Company s assessment of risks related to 
COVID-19 and its effects on the Company applicable 
during the pandemic 
 are discussed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 
8, 2022 under the caption Risk 
 Factors-COVID 19 Risks and in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Qs though 
September 30, 2022. 

Table of Contents 
 46 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED 
STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 
 The Bank conducts its business from its main office and seven full-service 
branches. 
The Bank also operates a loan 
 production office in Phenix City, 
Alabama. 
 The Bank owns its main campus in downtown Auburn, Alabama, which comprises 
over 4 acres and includes the newly 
 constructed AuburnBank Center, 
which was completed in May 2022 and held its grand opening in June 2022. 
The 
 AuburnBank Center has approximately 90,000 square feet of space. 
The AuburnBank Center includes the Bank s 
main 
 office, Auburn loan production office, and all of its back-office 
operations. 
The main office branch offers the full line of 
 the Bank s services and has one 
ATM. 
The Bank s drive-through facility located 
on the main office campus was 
 constructed in October 2012. 
This drive-through facility has five drive-through lanes, including an ATM, 
and a walk-up 
 teller window. 
The Bank has approximately 46,000 square feet of office space 
and approximately 5,000 square feet of 
 retail space in the new AuburnBank Center building available for lease to 
third party tenants. 
 In February 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to sell a parcel of approximately 
0.85 acres to a hotel developer. 

 As part of the agreement, the Bank negotiated a long-term lease with the hotel developer 
for 100 to 150 parking spaces in 
 the Bank s parking deck. 
In October 2022, the Company closed the sale at the agreed upon price 
of 4.3 million, and 
 recognized a 3.2 million gain. 
 The Opelika branch is located in Opelika, Alabama. This branch, built in 1991, 
is owned by the Bank and has 
 approximately 4,000 square feet of space. This branch offers the full line of the 
Bank s services and has drive-through 
 windows and an ATM. 
This branch offers parking for approximately 36 vehicles. 
 The Bank s Notasulga branch was opened 
in August 2001. This branch is located in Notasulga, Alabama, about 15 
miles 
 west of Auburn, Alabama. This branch is owned by the Bank and has approximately 1,344 
square feet of space. The Bank 
 leased the land for this branch from a third party. 
In May 2022, the Bank s land lease renewed 
for another one year term. 
 This branch offers the full line of the Bank s 
services including safe deposit boxes and a drive-through window and parking 
 for approximately 11 vehicles, including a handicapped 
ramp. 
 In November 2002, the Bank opened a loan production office 
in Phenix City, Alabama, about 35 
miles south of Auburn, 
 Alabama. In November 2022, the Bank renewed its lease for another year. 
 In February 2009, the Bank opened a branch located on Bent Creek Road in Auburn, 
Alabama. This branch is owned by the 
 Bank and has approximately 4,000 square feet of space. This branch offers 
the full line of the Bank s services and 
has 
 drive-through windows and a drive-up ATM. 
This branch offers parking for approximately 29 vehicles. 
 In December 2011, the Bank opened a branch located 
on Fob James Drive in Valley, 
Alabama, about 30 miles northeast of 
 Auburn, Alabama. 
This branch is owned by the Bank and has approximately 5,000 square feet of space. 
This branch offers 
 the full line of the Bank s services and has drive-through 
windows and a drive-up ATM. 
This branch offers parking for 
 approximately 35 vehicles. 
Prior to December 2011, the Bank had operated 
a loan production office in Valley, 
which was 
 originally opened in September 2004. 
 In February 2015, the Bank relocated its Auburn Kroger branch to a new location within the 
Corner Village Shopping 
 Center, in Auburn, Alabama. In February 2015, 
the Bank entered into a new lease agreement for five years with options for 
 two 5-year extensions. In February 2020, the Bank exercised its option to renew the lease 
for another five years. The Bank 
 leases approximately 1,500 square feet of space for the Corner Village 
branch. Prior to relocation, the Bank s 
Auburn 
 Kroger branch was located in the Kroger supermarket in the same shopping 
center since August 1988. The current Corner 
 Village branch offers the 
full line of the Bank s deposit and other services including 
an ATM, 
except safe deposit boxes. 
 In September 2015, the Bank relocated its Auburn Wal 
-Mart Supercenter branch in south Auburn, which had been opened 
 in 2004 to a new building, which the Bank built in 2015 at the intersection of S. Donahue 
Avenue and E. University 
Drive 
 in Auburn, Alabama. 
The South Donahue branch has approximately 3,600 square feet of space. 
The South Donahue 
 branch offers the full line of the Bank s 
services and has drive-through windows and an ATM. 
This branch offers parking 
 for approximately 28 vehicles. 

Table of Contents 
 47 
 In May 2017, the Bank relocated its Opelika Kroger branch to a new location the Bank purchased 
in August 2016 near the 
 Tiger Town 
Retail Shopping Center and the intersection of U.S. Highway 280 and Frederick 
Road in Opelika, Alabama. 

 The Tiger Town 
branch, built in 2017, has approximately 5,500 square feet of space. 
Prior to relocation, the Bank s 
 Opelika Kroger branch was located inside the Kroger supermarket in the Tiger 
Town retail center in Opelika, 
Alabama. The 
 Opelika Kroger branch was 
originally opened in July 2007. The Tiger 
Town branch offers 
the full line of the Bank s 
 services and has drive-through windows and an ATM. 
This branch offers parking for approximately 36 vehicles. 
 In addition to the eight ATMs 
at various branch locations, mentioned above, the Bank also has five 
ATMs 
located at 
 various locations within our primary service area. 
 In September 2018, the Bank opened a loan production office on East Samford 
Avenue in Auburn, 
Alabama. 
The location 
 has approximately 2,500 square feet of space and is leased through 2028. 
This loan production office was relocated to the 
 newly developed AuburnBank Center in June 2022. 
The Company has entered into a sublease agreement with a tenant for 
 three years with an option to renew for three additional years. 
 ITEM 3. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 In the normal course of its business, the Company and the Bank from time to time are involved 
in legal proceedings. The 
 Company s management believe 
there are no pending or threatened legal proceedings that, upon resolution, are expected 
to 
 have a material adverse effect upon the Company s 
or the Bank s financial condition 
or results of operations. 
 ITEM 4. 
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 PART 
II 
 ITEM 5. 
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, 
RELATED STOCKHOLDER 
MATTERS AND 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The Company s Common Stock is listed 
on the Nasdaq Global Market, under the symbol AUBN . As of March 16, 
2023, 
 there were approximately 3,500,879 shares of the Company s 
Common Stock issued and outstanding, which were held by 
 approximately 359 shareholders of record. The following table sets forth, for the indicated 
periods, the high and low closing 
 sale prices for the Company s Common Stock 
as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market, and the cash dividends declared 
to 
 shareholders during the indicated periods. 

Closing 

 Cash 

 Price 

 Dividends 

 Per Share (1) 
 Declared 

 High 
 Low 
 2022 
 First Quarter 

34.49 

31.75 

0.265 

 Second Quarter 
 
33.57 

27.04 

0.265 

 Third Quarter 
 
29.02 

23.02 

0.265 

 Fourth Quarter 
 
24.71 

22.07 

0.265 

 2021 
 First Quarter 

48.00 

37.55 

0.26 

 Second Quarter 
 
38.90 

34.50 

0.26 

 Third Quarter 
 
35.36 

33.25 

0.26 

 Fourth Quarter 
 
34.79 

31.32 

0.26 

 (1) 
The price information represents actual transactions. 

Table of Contents 
 48 
 The Company has paid cash dividends on its capital stock since 1985. Prior to this time, the 
Bank paid cash dividends since 
 its organization in 1907, except during the Depression years of 1932 
and 1933. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to 
 receive such dividends when, as and if may be declared by the Company s 
Board of Directors. The amount and frequency 
 of cash dividends will be determined in the judgment of the Board based 
upon a number of factors, including the 
 Company s earnings, financial 
condition, liquidity, capital and 
regulatory requirements and other relevant factors and the 
 availability of dividend payable by the Bank consistent with amounts available 
therefore, including the Bank s earnings, 
 financial condition, liquidity, regulatory 
and capital requirements and other relevant factors. The Board currently intends to 
 continue its present dividend policies. 
 Federal Reserve policy could restrict future dividends on our Common Stock, depending 
on our earnings and capital 
 position and likely needs. See Supervision and Regulation Payment of Dividends 
and Management s Discussion 
and 
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Adequacy . 
 The amount of dividends payable by the Bank is limited by law and regulation. 
The need to maintain adequate capital and 
 liquidity in the Bank also limits dividends that may be paid to the Company. 

Table of Contents 
 49 
 Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph compares the cumulative, total return on the 
Company s Common Stock 
from 
 December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022, with that of the Nasdaq Composite Index and 
S P U.S. BMI Banks Southeast 
 Region Index (assuming a 100 investment on December 31, 2017). Cumulative total return 
represents the change in stock 
 price and the amount of dividends received over the indicated period, assuming the 
reinvestment of dividends. 
 Period Ending 
 Index 
 12/31/2017 
 12/31/2018 
 12/31/2019 
 12/30/2020 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2022 
 Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. 
 100.00 
 83.35 
 143.34 
 115.20 
 91.76 
 67.91 
 NASDAQ Composite Index 
 100.00 
 97.16 
 132.81 
 192.47 
 235.15 
 158.65 
 S P U.S. BMI Banks - Southeast Region Index 
 100.00 
 82.62 
 116.45 
 104.41 
 149.13 
 121.30 

Table of Contents 
 50 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Period 
 Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased 
 Average Price Paid 
 per Share 
 Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased as 
 Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plans or 
 Programs 
 The Approximate 
 Dollar Value 
of Shares 
 that May Yet 
Be Under 
 the Plans or Programs 
 October 1 October 31, 2022 

4,659,289 
 November 1 November 30, 2022 
 
1,903 

23.28 

1,903 

 4,614,989 
 December 1 December 31, 2022 

4,614,989 
 Total 
 
1,903 

23.28 

1,903 

 4,614,989 
 On April 12, 2022, the Board of Directors of Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. (the "Company") announced that its Board of 
 Directors had approved a new stock repurchase program to replace the repurchase program that expired on March 31, 2022. The new 
 program authorized the repurchase, from time to time, of up to 5 million of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock 
 through the earliest of (i) the expenditure of 5 million on Share repurchases, (ii) the termination or replacement of the Repurchase Plan 
 and (iii) April 15, 2024. The stock repurchases may be open-market or private purchases, negotiated transactions, block purchases, and 
 otherwise. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See the information included under Part III, Item 12, which is incorporated 
in response to this item by reference. 
 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM 6. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 See Table 2 Selected Financial 
Data and general discussion in Item 7, Management s 
Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 ITEM 7. 
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS 
OF 
 OPERATIONS 
 The following is a discussion of our financial condition at December 31, 
2022 and 2021 and our results of operations for 
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The purpose of this discussion is to provide 
information about our financial 
 condition and results of operations which is not otherwise apparent from the consolidated 
financial statements. The 
 following discussion and analysis should be read along with our consolidated 
financial statements and the related notes 
 included elsewhere herein. In addition, this discussion and analysis contains 
forward-looking statements, so you should 
 refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors and Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 

 OVERVIEW 
 The Company was incorporated in 1990 under the laws of the State of Delaware and became a bank 
holding company after 
 it acquired its Alabama predecessor, 
which was a bank holding company established in 1984. The Bank, the Company's 
 principal subsidiary, is an Alabama 
state-chartered bank that is a member of the Federal Reserve System and has operated 
 continuously since 1907. Both the Company and the Bank are headquartered 
in Auburn, Alabama. The Bank conducts its 
 business primarily in East Alabama, including Lee County and surrounding areas. 
The Bank operates full-service branches 
 in Auburn, Opelika, Notasulga and Valley, 
Alabama. 
The Bank also operates a loan production office in Phenix 
City, 
 Alabama. 

Table of Contents 
 51 
 Summary of Results of Operations 
 Year ended December 31 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Net interest income (a) 
 
 27,622 
 
 24,460 
 Less: tax-equivalent adjustment 
 456 
 470 
 Net interest income (GAAP) 
 27,166 
 23,990 
 Noninterest income 
 6,506 
 4,288 
 Total revenue 
 33,672 
 28,278 
 Provision for loan losses 
 1,000 
 (600) 
 Noninterest expense 
 19,823 
 19,433 
 Income tax expense 

 2,503 
 1,406 
 Net earnings 
 
 10,346 
 
 8,039 
 Basic and diluted net earnings per share 
 
 2.95 
 
 2.27 
 (a) Tax-equivalent. 
See "Table 1 - Explanation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures". 
 Financial Summary 
 The Company s net earnings were 10.3 
million for the full year 2022, compared to 8.0 million for the full year 2021. 

 Basic and diluted net earnings per share were 2.95 per share for the full year 2022, 
compared to 2.27 per share for the full 
 year 2021. 

 Net interest income (tax-equivalent) was 27.6 million in 2022, a 
13 increase compared to 24.5 million in 2021. This 
 increase was primarily due to improvements in the Company s 
net interest margin. 
The Company s net interest margin 
 (tax-equivalent) was 2.81 in 2022, compared to 2.55 in 2021. 
This increase was primarily due to changes in our asset 
 mix and higher market interest rates on interest earning assets, 
while our cost of funds decreased 4 basis points to 0.35 . 

 At December 31, 2022, the Company s allowance 
for loan losses was 5.8 million, or 1.14 of total loans, compared to 
 4.9 million, or 1.08 of total loans, at December 31, 2021. 
At December 31, 2022, the Company s recorded 
investment 
 in loans considered impaired was 2.6 million with a corresponding valuation allowance 
(included in the allowance for loan 
 losses) of 0.5 million, compared to a recorded investment in loans considered impaired 
of 0.2 million with no 
 corresponding valuation allowance at December 31, 2021. 
The Company recorded a charge to provision for loan losses of 
 1.0 million in 2022 compared to a negative provision for loan losses of 0.6 
million during 2021. 
The provision for loan 
 losses in 2022 was primarily related to loan growth and the downgrade of one borrowing 
relationship. 
The provision for 
 loan losses is based upon various estimates and judgements, including the absolute level 
of loans, loan growth, credit 
 quality and the amount of net charge-offs. 
Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans were 0.04 
in 2022 compared to 
 0.02 in 2021. 

 Noninterest income was 6.5 million in 2022 compared to 4.3 
million in 2021. 
The increase was primarily related to a 
 3.2 million gain on the sale of land adjacent to the Company s 
headquarters. 
Excluding the impact of this gain, 
 noninterest income was 3.3 million in 2022, a 24 decrease compared to 2021. 
This decrease in noninterest income was 
 primarily due to a decrease in mortgage lending income 
of 0.9 million as refinance activity slowed in our primary market 
 area related to higher market interest rates. 

 Noninterest expense was 19.8 
million in 2022 compared to 19.4 
million in 2021. Noninterest expense included a 1.6 
 million employee retention credit recognized in 2022. 
Excluding the impact of this payroll tax credit, noninterest expense 
 was 21.4 million in 2022, a 10 increase compared to 2021. 
The increase in noninterest expense was primarily due to 
 increases in net occupancy and equipment expense of 1.0 million related to the Company s 
new headquarters, which 
 opened in June 2022, 
an increase in salaries and benefits expense of 0.6 million, and increases in other noninterest expense 
 of 0.4 
million. 

Table of Contents 
 52 
 Income tax expense was 2.5 million in 2022, 
compared to 1.4 million in 2021. 
The Company s effective tax 
rate for 
 2022 was 19.48 , compared to 14.89 in 2021. 
This increase in tax expense was primarily due to increased pre-tax 
 earnings in 2022 and additional income tax expense of 0.2 million related to the Company s 
decision to surrender certain 
 bank-owned life insurance contracts in 2022. 
The Company s effective income 
tax rate is principally impacted by tax-
 exempt earnings from the Company s investments 
in municipal securities, bank-owned life insurance, and New Markets 
 Tax Credits. 

 The Company paid cash dividends of 1.06 per share in 2022, an increase of 2 from 2021. 
At December 31, 2022, the 
 Bank s regulatory capital ratios 
were well above the minimum amounts required to be well capitalized under current 
 regulatory standards with a total risk-based capital ratio of 16.25 
 , a tier 1 leverage ratio of 10.01 and common equity 
 tier 1 CET1 of 15.39 
at December 31, 2022. 

 COVID-19 Impact Assessment 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has occurred in waves of different 
variants since the first quarter of 2020. Vaccines 
to protect 
 against and/or reduce the severity of COVID-19 were widely introduced at the beginning 
of 2021. At times, the pandemic 
 severely restricted the level of economic activity in our markets. In response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the State of 
 Alabama, and most other states, have taken preventative or protective actions to prevent the 
spread of the virus, including 
 imposing restrictions on travel and business operations and a statewide mask mandate, 
advising or requiring individuals to 
 limit or forego their time outside of their homes, limitations on gathering of people and social distancing, 
and causing 
 temporary closures of businesses that have been deemed to be non-essential. Though 
certain of these measures have been 
 relaxed or eliminated, especially as vaccination levels increased, such 
measures could be reestablished in cases of new 
 waves, especially a wave of a COVID-19 variant that is more resistant 
to existing vaccines, 
booster vaccines and newly 
 developed treatments. 

 COVID-19 significantly affected local state, national and global 
health and economic activity and its future effects are 
 uncertain and will depend on various factors, including, among others, the duration 
and scope of the pandemic, especially 
 new variants of the virus, effective vaccines and drug treatments, together 
with governmental, regulatory and private sector 
 responses. COVID-19 has had continuing significant effects 
on the economy, financial 
markets and our employees, 
 customers and vendors. Our business, financial condition and results of operations 
generally rely upon the ability of our 
 borrowers to make deposits and repay their loans, the value of collateral underlying our 
secured loans, market value, 
 stability and liquidity and demand for loans and other products and services we offer, 
all of which are affected by the 
 pandemic. 
We believe that the 
direct economic effects of COVID-19 are diminishing, but that indirect effects 
from the 
 pandemic and government economic and monetary stimuli to counter the pandemic, 
continue. 
These indirect effects 
 include a tight labor market, supply chain disruptions, consumer demand and the economic 
effects of these stimulative 
 government fiscal and monetary policies in response to COVID-19 beginning in early 
2020, which have led to inflation and 
 to the Federal Reserve tightening its monetary policies to fight inflation beginning March 
2022. 
 We have implemented 
a number of procedures in response to the pandemic to support the safety and well-being 
of our 
 employees, customers and shareholders. 
 
 We believe our business continuity 
plan has worked to provide essential banking services to our communities and 
 customers, while protecting our employees health. As part of our efforts 
to exercise social distancing in 
 accordance with the guidelines of the Centers for Disease Control and the Governor 
of the State of Alabama, 
 starting March 23, 2020, we limited branch lobby service to appointment only 
while continuing to operate our 
 branch drive-thru facilities and ATMs. 
As permitted by state public health guidelines, on June 1, 2020, we re-
 opened some of our branch lobbies. In 2021, we opened our remaining branch lobbies. We 
continue to provide 
 services through our online and other electronic channels. In addition, 
we maintain remote work access to help 
 employees stay at home while providing continuity of service during outbreaks of 
COVID-19 variants. 
Bank 
 employees, generally, are 
working full time in the office although we have provided scheduling 
flexibility to our 
 employees. 
 
 We serviced the financial 
needs of our commercial and consumer clients with extensions and deferrals 
to loan 
 customers effected by COVID-19, provided such customers 
were not more than 30 days past due at the time of the 
 request; and 

Table of Contents 
 53 
 
 We 
were an active PPP lender and made an aggregate of 677 PPP loans totaling approximately 56.7 
million. 
PPP 
 loans were forgivable, in whole or in part, if the proceeds are used for payroll 
and other permitted purposes in 
 accordance with the requirements of the PPP. 
These loans carry a fixed rate of 1.00 and a term of two years 
 (loans made before June 5, 2020) or five years (loans made on or after June 5, 2020), 
if not forgiven, in whole or 
 in part. Payments are deferred until either the date on which the Small Business Administration SBA remits 
 the amount of forgiveness proceeds to the lender or the date that is 10 
months after the last day of the covered 
 period if the borrower does not apply for forgiveness within that 10-month 
period. We 
believe these loans and our 
 participation in the program helped our customers and the communities 
we serve. 
As of December 31, 2022, we 
 had only one outstanding PPP loan since all but one such loan had been forgiven by the 
SBA. 
 COVID-19 has also had various economic effects, generally. 
These include supply chain disruptions and manufacturing 
 delays, shortages of certain goods and services, reduced consumer expenditure on 
hospitality and travel, and migration from 
 larger urban centers to less populated areas and remote work. The 
demand for single family housing has exceeded existing 
 supplies. When coupled with construction delays attributable to supply chain disruptions 
and worker shortages, these 
 factors have caused housing prices and apartment rents to increase, generally. 
Stimulative monetary and fiscal policies, 
 along with shortages of certain goods and services, and rising petroleum and food 
prices, reflecting, among other things, the 
 war in the Ukraine, have led to the highest inflation in decades. 
The Federal Reserve has begun rapidly increasing its target 
 federal funds rate from 0 0.25 at the beginning of March 2022 to 4.25 4.50 
at December 31, 2022, and 4.50 4.75 
 at January 31, 2023. 
The Federal Reserve also has been reducing its holdings of securities in its SOMA account 
to reduce 
 market liquidity and counteract inflation. 
 A summary of PPP loans extended during 2020 follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 # of SBA 
 Approved 
 Mix 
 of SBA 
 Approved 
 Mix 
 SBA Tier: 
 2 million to 10 million 

350,000 to less than 2 million 
 23 
 5 
 14,691 
 40 
 Up to 350,000 
 400 
 95 
 21,784 
 60 
 Total 
 423 
 100 

36,475 
 100 
 
 We collected 
approximately 1.5 million in fees from the SBA related to our PPP loans during 2020. Through 
December 
 31, 2021, we had recognized all of these fees, net of related costs. As of December 31, 
2021, we had received payments and 
 forgiveness on all PPP loans extended in 2020. 

 On December 27, 2020, the Economic Aid to Hard-Hit Small Businesses, Nonprofits, 
and Venues 
Act (the Economic Aid 
 Act was signed into law. The 
Economic Aid Act provided a second 900 billion stimulus package, including 
 325 billion 
 in additional PPP loans. The Economic Aid Act also permits the collection of 
a higher amount of PPP loan fees by 
 participating banks. 

 A summary of PPP loans extended during 2021 under the Economic Aid Act 
follows: 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 # of SBA 
 Approved 
 Mix 
 of SBA 
 Approved 
 Mix 
 SBA Tier: 
 2 million to 10 million 

350,000 to less than 2 million 
 12 
 5 
 6,494 
 32 
 Up to 350,000 
 242 
 95 
 13,757 
 68 
 Total 
 254 
 100 

20,251 
 100 
 
 We collected 
approximately 1.0 million in fees from the SBA related to PPP loans under the Economic 
Aid Act. Through 
 December 31, 2022, we have recognized all of these fees, net of related costs. 
As of December 31, 2022, we have received 
 payments and forgiveness on all but one PPP loan, in the amount of 0.1 
million, under the Economic Aid Act. 

Table of Contents 
 54 
 We believe that the COVID-19 
pandemic stimuli and decreased economic activity increased customer liquidity and 
tier 
 deposits at the Bank and decreased loan demand, while monetary stimulus reduced 
interest rates and our costs of funds and 
 our interest earnings on loans. 
As a result, our net interest margin was adversely affected. 
A return to higher interest rates 
 appears underway, beginning in 
March 2022, and has accelerated in recent months as a result of Federal Reserve efforts 
to 
 curb inflation. 
This has resulted in improved net interest margin, but at the same time 
has reduced the market values of our 
 securities portfolio and resulted in unrealized securities losses. 
As a result, we have had losses in our other comprehensive 
 income and our equity under generally accepted accounting principles has declined. 
This has not adversely affected our 
 regulatory capital, however. 

 We continue to closely 
monitor the pandemic s effects, 
and are working to continue our services and to address 
 developments as those occur. Our results of operations 
for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our financial condition 
 at that date, which reflect only the continuing direct and indirect effects of the 
pandemic, may not be indicative of future 
 results or financial conditions, including possible changes in monetary or fiscal stimulus, 
and the possible effects of the 
 expiration or extension of temporary accounting and bank regulatory relief measures in 
response to the COVID-19 
 pandemic. 

 As of December 31, 2022, 
all of our capital ratios were in excess of all regulatory requirements to be well capitalized. 

 Inflation and the shift from stimulative monetary policy in response to the COVID-19 
pandemic to tightening monetary 
 policy beginning in March 2022 to fight inflation could result in adverse changes to 
credit quality and our regulatory capital 
 ratios, and inflation will affect our costs, interest rates and the values of our assets and 
liabilities, changes in customer 
 savings and payment behaviors and economic activity. 
Continuing supply chain disruptions and tight labor markets also 
 adversely affect the levels and costs of economic activities. 
We continue to closely 
monitor these continuing effects of the 
 pandemic, and are working to anticipate and 
address developments. 
 The CARES Act and the 2020 Consolidated Appropriations Act provide eligible 
employers an employee retention credit 
 related to COVID-19. 
After consultation with our tax advisors, we filed amended payroll tax returns 
with the IRS, and 
 received an employee retention credit of approximately 1.6 million. 
 The direct health issues related to COVID-19 appear to be waning as a result of vaccinations, 
new medications and 
 increased resistance to the virus as a result of prior infections, although new strains continue 
to appear. 
The economic 
 effects of the pandemic and government fiscal and monetary policy responses, 
supply chain disruptions and inflation 
 continue, however. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 The accounting and financial reporting policies of the Company conform with U.S. generally accepted 
accounting 
 principles and with general practices within the banking industry. 
In connection with the application of those principles, we 
 have made judgments and estimates which, in the case of the determination of our allowance 
for loan losses, our 
 assessment of other-than-temporary impairment, recurring and 
non-recurring fair value measurements, the valuation of 
 other real estate owned, and the valuation of deferred tax assets, were critical to the determination 
of our financial position 
 and results of operations. Other policies also require subjective judgment and assumptions 
and may accordingly impact our 
 financial position and results of operations. 

 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The Company assesses the adequacy of its allowance for loan losses prior 
to the end of each calendar quarter. The 
level of 
 the allowance is based upon management s 
evaluation of the loan portfolio, past loan loss experience, current asset quality 
 trends, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect 
a borrower s ability to repay (including 
 the timing of future payment), the estimated value of any underlying collateral, 
composition of the loan portfolio, economic 
 conditions, changes in, and expectations regarding, market interest rates and inflation, 
industry and peer bank loan loss rates 
 and other pertinent factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires 
material estimates including the amounts 
 and timing of future cash flows expected to be received on impaired loans that may be susceptible 
to significant change. 
 Loans are charged off, in whole or in part, when management 
believes that the full collectability of the loan is unlikely. 
A 
 loan may be partially charged-off after a confirming event 
has occurred which serves to validate that full repayment 
 pursuant to the terms of the loan is unlikely. 
In addition, our regulators, as an integral part of their examination process, 
 will periodically review the Company s loans and 
allowance for loan losses, and may require the Company to make 
 additional provisions to the allowance for loan losses based on their judgment about information available 
to them at the 
 time of their examinations. 

Table of Contents 
 55 
 The Company deems loans impaired when, based on current information and 
events, it is probable that the Company will 
 be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. 
Collection of all amounts due 
 according to the contractual terms means that both the interest and principal payments 
of a loan will be collected as 
 scheduled in the loan agreement. 
 An impairment allowance is recognized if the fair value of the loan is less than the recorded 
investment in the loan. The 
 impairment is recognized through the allowance. Loans that are impaired are 
recorded at the present value of expected 
 future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective 
interest rate, or if the loan is collateral dependent, impairment 
 measurement is based on the fair value of the collateral, less estimated disposal costs. 
 The level of the allowance for loan losses maintained is believed by 
management, based on its processes and estimates, to 
 be adequate to absorb probable losses inherent in the portfolio at the balance sheet date. 
The allowance is increased by 
 provisions charged to expense and decreased by charge-offs, 
net of recoveries of amounts previously charged-off and by 
 releases from the allowance when determined to be appropriate to the levels of loans and probable 
loan losses in such loans. 
 In assessing the adequacy of the allowance, the Company also considers the results of its 
ongoing internal, independent 
 loan review process. The Company s loan 
review process assists in determining whether there are loans in the portfolio 
 whose credit quality has weakened over time and evaluating the risk characteristics of the 
entire loan portfolio. The 
 Company s loan review process includes the judgment 
of management, the input from our independent loan reviewers, and 
 reviews that may have been conducted by bank regulatory agencies as part of their 
examination process. The Company 
 incorporates loan review results in the determination of whether or not it is probable 
that it will be able to collect all 
 amounts due according to the contractual terms of a loan. 
 As part of the Company s quarterly assessment 
of the allowance, management divides the loan portfolio into five segments: 
 commercial and industrial, construction and land development, commercial real estate, 
residential real estate, and consumer 
 installment loans. The Company analyzes each segment and estimates an allowance allocation 
for each loan segment. 
 The allocation of the allowance for loan losses begins with a process of estimating the 
probable losses inherent for these 
 types of loans. The estimates for these loans are established by category and based 
on the Company s internal system of 
 credit risk ratings and historical loss data. The estimated loan loss allocation rate for the Company s 
internal system of 
 credit risk grades is based on its experience with similarly graded loans. For 
loan segments where the Company believes it 
 does not have sufficient historical loss data, the Company may 
make adjustments based, in part, on loss rates of peer bank 
 groups. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years then ended, the Company adjusted 
its historical loss rates for the 
 commercial real estate portfolio segment based, in part, on loss rates of peer bank groups. 
 The estimated loan loss allocation for all five loan portfolio segments is then adjusted for management s 
estimate of 
 probable losses for several qualitative and environmental factors. 
The allocation for qualitative and environmental 
 factors is particularly subjective and does not lend itself to exact mathematical calculation. 
This amount represents 
 estimated probable inherent credit losses which exist, but have not yet been identified, as of 
the balance sheet date, and are 
 based upon quarterly trend assessments in delinquent and nonaccrual loans, credit 
concentration changes, prevailing 
 economic conditions, changes in lending personnel experience, changes in lending 
policies or procedures and other 
 influencing factors. 
These qualitative and environmental factors are considered for each of the five loan segments 
and the 
 allowance allocation, as determined by the processes noted above, is increased or 
decreased based on the incremental 
 assessment of these factors. 
 The Company regularly re-evaluates its practices in determining the allowance 
for loan losses. Since the fourth quarter of 
 2016, the Company has increased its look-back period each quarter to incorporate 
the effects of at least one economic 
 downturn in its loss history. The Company believes 
the extension of its look-back period is appropriate due to the risks 
 inherent in the loan portfolio. Absent this extension, the early cycle periods in which the 
Company experienced significant 
 losses would be excluded from the determination of the allowance for loan losses and its balance 
would decrease. For the 
 year ended December 31, 2022, the Company increased its look-back period to 
55 quarters to continue to include losses 
 incurred by the Company beginning with the first quarter of 2009. 
During 2021, the Company adjusted certain qualitative 
 and economic factors to reflect improvements in economic conditions in our primary 
market area that had previously been 
 observed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
No changes were made to qualitative and economic factors during 2022. 

Table of Contents 
 56 
 Assessment for Other-Than-Temporary 
Impairment of Securities 
 On a quarterly basis, management makes an assessment to determine 
whether there have been events or economic 
 circumstances to indicate that a security on which there is an unrealized loss is other-than-temporarily 
impaired. 

 For debt securities with an unrealized loss, an other-than-temporary 
impairment write-down is triggered when (1) the 
 Company has the intent to sell a debt security, 
(2) it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the 
 debt security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, or (3) the Company does not expect 
to recover the entire amortized 
 cost basis of the debt security. 
If the Company has the intent to sell a debt security or if it is more likely than not that it 
will 
 be required to sell the debt security before recovery, 
the other-than-temporary write-down is equal to the entire difference 
 between the debt security s amortized cost 
and its fair value. 
If the Company does not intend to sell the security or it is not 
 more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery, 
the other-than-temporary impairment write-
 down is separated into the amount that is credit related (credit loss component) and the amount due to all other 
factors. 
The 
 credit loss component is recognized in earnings and is the difference between 
the security s amortized cost basis and 
the 
 present value of its expected future cash flows. 
The remaining difference between the security s 
fair value and the present 
 value of future expected cash flows is due to factors that are not credit related and is recognized in other comprehensive 
 income, net of applicable taxes. 
 The Company is required to own certain stock as a condition of membership, such as 
FHLB and FRB. 
These non-
 marketable equity securities are accounted for at cost which equals par or redemption value. 
These securities do not have a 
 readily determinable fair value as their ownership is restricted and there is no market 
for these securities. 
The Company 
 records these non-marketable equity securities as a component of other assets, 
which are periodically evaluated for 
 impairment. Management considers these non-marketable equity securities to 
be long-term investments. Accordingly, 
when 
 evaluating these securities for impairment, management considers 
the ultimate recoverability of the par value rather than by 
 recognizing temporary declines in value. 
 Fair Value 
Determination 
 U.S. GAAP requires management to value and disclose certain of the Company s 
assets and liabilities at fair value, 
 including investments classified as available-for-sale and derivatives. 
ASC 820, 
 Fair Value 
Measurements and Disclosures
 , 
 which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value 
in accordance with U.S. GAAP and expands 
 disclosures about fair value measurements. 
For more information regarding fair value measurements and disclosures, 
 please refer to Note 14, Fair Value, 
of the consolidated financial statements that accompany this report. 
 Fair values are based on active market prices of identical assets or liabilities when available. 
Comparable assets or 
 liabilities or a composite of comparable assets in active markets are used 
when identical assets or liabilities do not have 
 readily available active market pricing. 
However, some of the Company s 
assets or liabilities lack an available or 
 comparable trading market characterized by frequent transactions between 
willing buyers and sellers. In these cases, fair 
 value is estimated using pricing models that use discounted cash flows and 
other pricing techniques. Pricing models and 
 their underlying assumptions are based upon management s 
best estimates for appropriate discount rates, default rates, 
 prepayments, market volatility and other factors, taking into account current observable 
market data and experience. 
 These assumptions may have a significant effect on the reported 
fair values of assets and liabilities and the related income 
 and expense. As such, the use of different models and assumptions, as 
well as changes in market conditions, could result in 
 materially different net earnings and retained earnings results. 

 Other Real Estate Owned 
 Other real estate owned or OREO, consists of properties obtained through foreclosure or 
in satisfaction of loans and is 
 reported at the lower of cost or fair value, less estimated costs to sell at the date acquired 
with any loss recognized as a 
 charge-off through the allowance for loan losses. Additional 
OREO losses for subsequent valuation adjustments are 
 determined on a specific property basis and are included as a component of other noninterest 
expense along with holding 
 costs. Any gains or losses on disposal of OREO are also reflected in noninterest expense. 
Significant judgments and 
 complex estimates are required in estimating the fair value of OREO, and the period 
of time within which such estimates 
 can be considered current is significantly shortened during periods of 
market volatility. As a result, the net proceeds 
 realized from sales transactions could differ significantly from appraisals, 
comparable sales, and other estimates used to 
 determine the fair value of OREO. 

Table of Contents 
 57 
 Deferred Tax 
Asset Valuation 
 A valuation allowance is recognized for a deferred tax asset if, based on the weight of available 
evidence, it is more-likely-
 than-not that some portion or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized. The ultimate 
realization of deferred tax assets 
 is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods 
in which those temporary differences become 
 deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred 
tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax 
 planning strategies in making this assessment. At December 31, 
2022 we had total deferred tax assets of 15.6 million 
 included as other assets , including 13.7 million resulting from unrealized losses 
in our securities portfolio. 
Based upon 
 the level of taxable income over the last three years and projections for future taxable 
income over the periods in which the 
 deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than 
not that we will realize the benefits of these 
 deductible differences at December 31, 2022. The amount of the deferred 
tax assets considered realizable, however, could 
 be reduced if estimates of future taxable income are reduced. 
 Average Balance 
Sheet and Interest Rates 
 Year ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 Average 
 Yield/ 
 Average 
 Yield/ 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Balance 
 Rate 
 Balance 
 Rate 
 Loans and loans held for sale 

454,604 
 4.45 
 
 459,712 
 4.45 
 Securities - taxable 
 364,029 
 1.81 
 320,766 
 1.28 
 Securities - tax-exempt (a) 
 61,591 
 3.53 
 62,736 
 3.57 
 Total securities 
 425,620 
 2.06 
 383,502 
 1.66 
 Federal funds sold 
 43,766 
 1.00 
 38,659 
 0.15 
 Interest bearing bank deposits 
 58,141 
 0.99 
 77,220 
 0.13 
 Total interest-earning assets 
 982,131 
 3.05 
 959,093 
 2.81 
 Deposits: 

NOW 
 197,177 
 0.19 
 178,197 
 0.12 
 Savings and money market 
 327,139 
 0.20 
 296,708 
 0.22 
 Certificates of deposits 
 154,273 
 0.84 
 159,111 
 1.03 
 Total interest-bearing deposits 
 678,589 
 0.34 
 634,016 
 0.39 
 Short-term borrowings 
 4,516 
 1.33 
 3,349 
 0.51 
 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 683,105 
 0.35 
 637,365 
 0.39 
 Net interest income and margin (a) 
 
 27,622 
 2.81 
 
 24,460 
 2.55 
 (a) Tax-equivalent. 
See "Table 1 - Explanation of Non-GAAP 
Financial Measures". 
 RESULTS 
OF OPERATIONS 
 Net Interest Income and Margin 
 Net interest income (tax-equivalent) was 27.6 million in 2022, compared 
to 24.5 million in 2021. 
This increase was due 
 to improvements in the Company s net interest 
margin (tax-equivalent). 
Net interest margin (tax-equivalent) increased to 
 2.81 in 2022, compared to 2.55 in 2021 due to increases in the Federal 
Reserve s target federal 
funds rates beginning 
 March 17, 2022, and changes in our asset mix. 
During 2022, the Federal Reserve increased the target federal funds range 
 from 0 0.25 to 4.25 4.50 . 
The 
target rate was increased another 25 basis points on January 31, 2023, 
and further 
 increases in the target federal funds rate appear likely if inflation remains elevated. 
Net interest income (tax-equivalent) 
 included 0.3 million in PPP loan fees, net of related costs for 2022, 
compared to 1.0 million for 2021. 
See Supervision 
 and Regulation Fiscal and Monetary Policies . 
 The tax-equivalent yield on total interest-earning assets increased by 24 basis points 
to 3.05 in 2022 compared to 2.81 
 in 2021. 
This increase was primarily due to changes in our asset mix and higher market interest 
rates on interest earning 
 assets. 

Table of Contents 
 58 
 The cost of total interest-bearing liabilities decreased by 4 basis points to 0.35 
in 2022 compared to 0.39 in 2021. 
The 
 net decrease in our funding costs was primarily due to a portion of our time deposits repricing into 
lower prevailing market 
 interest rates during 2022. 
Our deposit costs may increase as the Federal Reserve increases its target federal 
funds rate, 
 market interest rates increase, and as customer savings behaviors change as a result of inflation 
and higher market interest 
 rates on deposits and other alternative investments. 
 The Company continues to deploy various asset liability management strategies 
to manage its risk to interest rate 
 fluctuations. 
Deposit and loan pricing remains competitive in our markets. 
We believe this 
challenging competitive 
 environment will continue in 2023. 
Our ability to hold our deposit rates low until our interest-earning assets reprice 
will be 
 important to maintaining or potentially increasing our net interest 
margin during the monetary tightening cycle that we 
 believe will continue in 2023. 

 Provision for Loan Losses 
 The provision for loan losses represents a charge to earnings necessary to provide 
an allowance for loan losses that 
 management believes, based on its processes and estimates, should be adequate 
to provide for the probable losses on 
 outstanding loans. At December 31, 2022, the Company s 
recorded investment in loans considered impaired was 2.6 
 million with a corresponding valuation allowance (included in the allowance 
for loan losses) of 0.5 million, compared to a 
 recorded investment in loans considered impaired of 0.2 million with no corresponding 
valuation allowance at December 
 31, 2021. 
The Company recorded a charge to provision for loan losses of 1.0 
million during 2022, compared to a negative 
 provision for loan losses of 0.6 million during 2021. 
The provision for loan losses in 2022 was primarily related to loan 
 growth and the downgrade of one borrowing relationship. 
The provision for loan losses is based upon various estimates 
 and judgments, including the absolute level of loans, loan growth, credit quality and the amount of 
net charge-offs. 
Net 
 charge-offs as a percent of average loans were 0.04 in 2022 
compared to 0.02 in 2021. 

 Based upon its assessment of the loan portfolio, management adjusts the allowance for loan 
losses to an amount it believes 
 should be appropriate to adequately cover its estimate of probable losses in the loan portfolio. 
The Company s allowance 
 for loan losses as a percentage of total loans was 1.14 at December 31, 2022, compared 
to 1.08 at December 31, 2021. 
 While the policies and procedures used to estimate the allowance for loan losses, as well as the 
resulting provision for loan 
 losses charged to operations, are considered adequate by management and are 
reviewed from time to time by our regulators, 
 they are based on estimates and judgments and are therefore approximate and imprecise. 
Factors beyond our control (such 
 as conditions in the local and national economy, 
inflation and market interest rates, and local real estate markets and 
 businesses) may have a material adverse effect on our asset 
quality and the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses under 
 CECL resulting in significant increases in the provision for credit losses. 
 Noninterest Income 

 Year ended December 31 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Service charges on deposit accounts 
 
 598 
 
 566 
 Mortgage lending 
 650 
 1,547 
 Bank-owned life insurance 
 317 
 403 
 Gain on sale of premises and equipment 
 3,234 
 
 Securities gains, net 
 12 
 15 
 Other 
 1,695 
 1,757 
 Total noninterest income 
 
 6,506 
 
 4,288 
 The Company s noninterest income from 
mortgage lending is primarily attributable to the (1) origination and sale of new 
 mortgage loans and (2) servicing of mortgage loans. Origination income, net, is comprised 
of gains or losses from the sale 
 of the mortgage loans originated, origination fees, underwriting fees and other fees 
associated with the origination of 
 mortgage loans, which are netted against the commission expense associated 
with these originations. The Company s 
 normal practice is to originate mortgage loans for sale in the secondary 
market and to either sell or retain the MSRs when 
 the loan is sold. 

 MSRs are recognized based on the fair value of the servicing right on the date the corresponding 
mortgage loan is sold. 

 Subsequent to the date of transfer, the Company 
has elected to measure its MSRs under the amortization method. 
Servicing 
 fee income is reported net of any related amortization expense. 

Table of Contents 
 59 
 The Company evaluates MSRs for impairment quarterly. 
Impairment is determined by grouping MSRs by common 
 predominant characteristics, such as interest rate and loan type. 
If the aggregate carrying amount of a particular group of 
 MSRs exceeds the group s aggregate 
fair value, a valuation allowance for that group is established. 
The valuation 
 allowance is adjusted as the fair value changes. 
An increase in mortgage interest rates typically results in an increase in the 
 fair value of the MSRs while a decrease in mortgage interest rates typically results in a decrease 
in the fair value of MSRs. 

 The following table presents a breakdown of the Company s 
mortgage lending income for 2022 and 2021. 
 Year ended December 31 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Origination income 
 
 309 
 
 1,417 
 Servicing fees, net 
 341 
 130 
 Total mortgage lending income 
 
 650 
 
 1,547 
 The Company s income from mortgage lending 
typically fluctuates as mortgage interest rates change and is primarily 
 attributable to the origination and sale of new mortgage loans. 
Origination income decreased as market interest rates on 
 mortgage loans increased. 
The decrease in origination income was partially offset by an increase in 
servicing fees, net of 
 related amortization expense as prepayment speeds slowed, resulting in decreased 
amortization expense. 
 In October 2022, the Company closed the sale of approximately 0.85 acres of 
land located next to the Company s 
 headquarters in Auburn, Alabama for a purchase price of 4.3 million. 
The sale resulted in a gain of 3.2 million, net of 
 prorations, closing costs and costs of demolishing the Bank s 
former main office building. 

 Noninterest Expense 
 Year ended December 31 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Salaries and benefits 
 
 12,307 
 
 11,710 
 Employee retention credit 
 (1,569) 

Net occupancy and equipment 
 2,742 
 1,743 
 Professional fees 
 975 
 995 
 FDIC and other regulatory assessments 
 404 
 426 
 Other 
 4,964 
 4,559 
 Total noninterest expense 
 
 19,823 
 
 19,433 
 The increase in salaries and benefits was primarily due to a decrease in deferred costs related 
to the PPP loan program, and 
 routine annual wage and benefit increases. 

 The employee retention tax credit of 1.6 million in 2022 relates to a one-time payroll tax 
credit provided by the CARES 
 Act and the 2020 Consolidated Appropriations Act. 

 The increase in net occupancy and equipment expense was primarily due to increased 
expenses related to the 
 redevelopment of the Company s headquarters 
in downtown Auburn. 
This amount includes depreciation expense and one-
 time costs associated with the opening of the Company s 
new headquarters. 
The Company relocated its main office branch 
 and bank operations into its newly constructed headquarters during May 2022. 
 The increase in other noninterest expense was due to a variety of miscellaneous items including 
increased information 
 technology and systems expenses, loan related expenses, losses on New Markets Tax 
Credits investments and other 
 miscellaneous operating expenses. 

Table of Contents 
 60 
 Income Tax 
Expense 
 Income tax expense was 2.5 million in 2022, compared to 1.4 
million in 2021. 
The Company s effective tax 
rate for 
 2022 was 19.48 , compared to 14.89 in 2021. 
This increase in tax expense was primarily due to increased pre-tax 
 earnings in 2022 and additional income tax expense of 0.2 million related to the Company s 
decision to surrender certain 
 bank-owned life insurance contracts in 2022. 
The Company s effective income 
tax rate is principally 
impacted by tax-
 exempt earnings from the Company s investments 
in municipal securities, bank-owned life insurance, and New Markets 
 Tax Credits. 
 BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 
 Securities 

 Securities available-for-sale were 405.3 
million at December 31, 2022, compared to 421.9 million at December 31, 2021. 

 This decrease reflects an increase in the amortized cost basis of securities available-for-sale 
of 39.2 million, offset by a 
 decrease of 55.8 million in the fair value of securities available-for-sale. 
The increase in the amortized cost basis of 
 securities available-for-sale was primarily attributable to 
management allocating more funding to the investment portfolio 
 following the significant increase in customer deposits. 
The decrease in the fair value of securities was primarily due to an 
 increase in long-term market interest rates, which resulted in 13.7 
million of deferred tax assets included in our other 
 assets. 
The average annualized tax-equivalent yields earned on total securities 
were 2.06 
in 2022 and 1.66 in 2021. 
 The following table shows the carrying value and weighted average 
yield of securities available-for-sale as of December 
 31, 2022 according to contractual maturity. 
Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities of mortgage-backed 
 securities MBS because 
the mortgages underlying the securities may be called or prepaid 
with or without penalty. 

 December 31, 2022 
 1 year 

 1 to 5 
 5 to 10 

 After 10 
 Total 

 (Dollars in thousands) 
 or less 
 years 
 years 
 years 
 Fair Value 
 Agency obligations 
 
 4,935 
 50,746 
 69,936 
 
 125,617 
 Agency MBS 
 
 7,130 
 27,153 
 183,877 
 218,160 
 State and political subdivisions 
 300 
 642 
 15,130 
 45,455 
 61,527 
 Total available-for-sale 
 
 5,235 
 58,518 
 112,219 
 229,332 
 405,304 
 Weighted average yield (1): 
 Agency obligations 
 1.64 
 1.29 
 1.83 
 
 1.61 
 Agency MBS 
 
 1.35 
 1.56 
 2.14 
 2.05 
 State and political subdivisions 
 4.00 
 1.83 
 2.29 
 2.77 
 2.65 
 Total available-for-sale 
 1.77 
 1.30 
 1.83 
 2.27 
 2.00 
 (1) Yields are calculated based on amortized cost. 
 Loans 
 December 31 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Commercial and industrial 
 
 66,179 
 83,977 
 Construction and land development 
 66,479 
 32,432 
 Commercial real estate 

 265,181 
 258,371 
 Residential real estate 
 97,735 
 77,661 
 Consumer installment 
 9,546 
 6,682 
 Total loans 
 505,120 
 459,123 
 Less: 
unearned income 
 (662) 
 (759) 
 Loans, net of unearned income 
 
 504,458 
 458,364 

Table of Contents 
 61 
 Total loans, net of unearned income, 
were 504.5 million at December 31, 2022, and 458.4 million at December 
31, 2021, 
 an increase of 46.1 million, or 10 . 
Total loans at December 
31, 2021 included 8.1 million in PPP loans, all but one of 
 these PPP loans, totaling 0.1 million, were forgiven during 
2022. 
Excluding PPP loans, total loans, net of unearned 
 income, increased 54.0 million, or 12 from December 31, 2021. 
Four loan categories represented the majority of the 
 loan portfolio at December 31, 2022: commercial real estate (53 ), 
residential real estate (19 ), construction and land 
 development (13 ), and commercial and industrial (13 ). 
Approximately 23 of the Company s commercial 
real estate 
 loans were classified as owner-occupied at December 31, 
2022. 
 Within the residential real estate portfolio 
segment, the Company had junior lien mortgages of approximately 7.4 
million, 
 or 1 , and 7.2 million, or 2 , of total loans, net of unearned income at December 31, 
2022 and 2021, respectively. 
For 
 residential real estate mortgage loans with a consumer purpose, the Company 
had no loans that required interest only 
 payments at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s 
residential real estate mortgage portfolio does not include any 
 option ARM loans, subprime loans, or any material amount of other consumer 
mortgage products which are generally 
 viewed as high risk. 

 The average yield earned on loans and loans held for sale was 4.45 in 2022 
and 2021, respectively. 

 The specific economic and credit risks associated with our loan portfolio include, 
but are not limited to, the effects of 
 current economic conditions, including inflation and the continuing increases in 
market interest rates, remaining COVID-19 
 pandemic effects including supply chain disruptions, commercial 
office occupancy levels, housing supply shortages and 
 inflation, on our borrowers cash flows, real estate market sales volumes 
and liquidity, 
valuations used in making loans and 
 evaluating collateral, availability and cost of financing properties, real 
estate industry concentrations, competitive pressures 
 from a wide range of other lenders, deterioration in certain credits, interest rate fluctuations, 
reduced collateral values or 
 non-existent collateral, title defects, inaccurate appraisals, financial deterioration 
of borrowers, fraud, and any violation of 
 applicable laws and regulations. 
Various 
projects financed earlier that were based on lower interest rate assumptions 
than 
 currently in effect may not be as profitable or successful at higher interest rate currently 
in effect and currently expected in 
 the future. 

 The Company attempts to reduce these economic and credit risks through its loan-to-value 
guidelines for collateralized 
 loans, investigating the creditworthiness of borrowers and monitoring borrowers financial 
position. Also, we have 
 established and periodically review, 
lending policies and procedures. Banking regulations limit a bank s 
credit exposure by 
 prohibiting unsecured loan relationships that exceed 10 of its capital; or 
20 of capital, if loans in excess of 10 of 
 capital are fully secured. Under these regulations, we are prohibited from having secured 
loan relationships in excess of 
 approximately 22.6 million. Furthermore, we have an internal limit 
for aggregate credit exposure (loans outstanding plus 
 unfunded commitments) to a single borrower of 20.3 million. Our loan policy requires 
that the Loan Committee of the 
 Board of Directors approve any loan relationships that exceed this internal limit. 
At December 31, 2022, the Bank had no 
 relationships exceeding these limits. 
 We periodically analyze 
our commercial loan portfolio to determine if a concentration of credit 
risk exists in any one or 
 more industries. We 
use classification systems broadly accepted by the financial services industry in 
order to categorize our 
 commercial borrowers. Loan concentrations to borrowers in the following classes 
exceeded 25 of the Bank s total 
risk-
 based capital at December 31, 2022 (and related balances at December 31, 
2021). 

 December 31 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Lessors of 1-4 family residential properties 
 
 52,325 
 
 47,880 
 Multi-family residential properties 
 41,181 
 42,587 
 Hotel/motel 
 33,457 
 43,856 

Table of Contents 
 62 
 In light of disruptions in economic conditions caused by COVID-19, the financial institution 
regulators have issued 
 guidance encouraging banks to work constructively with borrowers affected 
by the virus in our community. 
This guidance, 
 including the Interagency Statement on COVID-19 Loan Modifications and the Interagency 
Examiner Guidance for 
 Assessing Safety and Soundness Considering the Effect of the COVID-19 
Pandemic on Institutions, provides that the 
 agencies will not criticize financial institutions that mitigate credit 
risk through prudent actions consistent with safe and 
 sound practices. 
Specifically, examiners 
will not criticize institutions for working with borrowers as part of a risk 
 mitigation strategy intended to improve existing loans, even if the restructured 
loans have or develop weaknesses that 
 ultimately result in adverse credit classification. 
Upon demonstrating the need for payment relief, the bank will work 
with 
 qualified borrowers that were otherwise current before the pandemic to determine 
the most appropriate deferral option. 
For 
 residential mortgage and consumer loans the borrower may elect to defer payments 
for up to three months. 
Interest 
 continues to accrue and the amount due at maturity increases. 
Commercial real estate, commercial, and small business 
 borrowers may elect to defer payments for up to three months or pay scheduled interest payments 
for a six-month period. 

 The bank recognized that a combination of the payment relief options may be prudent dependent 
on a borrower s business 
 type. 
As of December 31, 2022, we had no COVID-19 loan deferrals, compared to 
one COVID-19 loan deferral totaling 
 0.1 million at December 31, 2021, down from 32.3 million of deferrals at the end of 2020. 
 Section 4013 of the CARES Act provides that a qualified loan modification is exempt by law 
from classification as a TDR 
 pursuant to GAAP. 
In addition, the Interagency Statement on COVID-19 Loan Modifications provides 
circumstances in 
 which a loan modification is not subject to classification as a TDR if such loan is not eligible 
for modification under 
 Section 4013. 

 Allowance for Loan Losses 

 The Company maintains the allowance for loan losses at a level that management believes 
appropriate to adequately cover 
 the Company s estimate of probable 
losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The allowance for loan losses was 5.8 million at 
 December 31, 2022 compared to 4.9 million at December 31, 2021, 
which management believed to be adequate at each of 
 the respective dates. The judgments and estimates associated 
with the determination of the allowance for loan losses are 
 described under Critical Accounting Policies. 

Table of Contents 
 63 
 A summary of the changes in the allowance for loan losses and certain asset quality ratios 
for the years ended December 31, 
 2022 and 2021 are presented below. 

Year ended December 31 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Allowance for loan losses: 
 Balance at beginning of period 
 
 4,939 
 5,618 
 Charge-offs: 
 Commercial and industrial 
 (222) 
 
 Construction and land development 
 
 (254) 
 Residential real estate 

(3) 
 Consumer installment 
 (70) 
 (37) 
 Total charge 
-offs 
 (292) 
 (294) 
 Recoveries: 
 Commercial and industrial 
 7 
 140 
 Commercial real estate 

 23 
 
 Residential real estate 

 26 
 55 
 Consumer installment 
 62 
 20 
 Total recoveries 
 118 
 215 
 Net charge-offs 
 (174) 
 (79) 
 Provision for loan losses 
 1,000 
 (600) 
 Ending balance 
 
 5,765 
 4,939 
 as a of loans 
 1.14 
 
 1.08 
 as a of nonperforming loans 
 211 
 
 1,112 
 Net charge-offs 
as a of average loans 
 0.04 
 
 0.02 
 As described under Critical Accounting Policies , management assesses the adequacy 
of the allowance prior to the end of 
 each calendar quarter. The level of the allowance 
is based upon management s evaluation 
of the loan portfolios, past loan 
 loss experience, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that 
may affect the borrower s ability to repay 
 (including the timing of future payment), the estimated value of any underlying 
collateral, composition of the loan 
 portfolio, economic conditions, industry and peer bank loan loss rates, and other pertinent 
factors. This evaluation is 
 inherently subjective as it requires various material estimates and judgments including 
the amounts and timing of future 
 cash flows expected to be received on impaired loans that may be susceptible to 
significant change. The ratio of our 
 allowance for loan losses to total loans outstanding was 1.14 at December 31, 
2022, compared to 1.08 at December 31, 
 2021. 
In the future, the allowance for loan losses used in the allowance to total loans outstanding ratio 
will be determined 
 in accordance with the CECL standard, and may increase or decrease 
to the extent the factors that influence our quarterly 
 allowance assessment, 
including changes in economic conditions that are part of our CECL model, either 
improve or 
 weaken. 
In addition our regulators, as an integral part of their examination process, 
will periodically review the Company s 
 loans and allowance for loan losses, and may require the Company to make additional 
provisions to the allowance for loan 
 losses based on their judgment about information available to them at the time of their examinations. 
 Nonperforming Assets 

 At December 31, 2022 the Company had 2.7 million in nonperforming assets compared 
to 0.8 
million at December 31, 
 2021. 

Table of Contents 
 64 
 The table below provides information concerning total nonperforming assets 
and certain asset quality ratios. 

December 31 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Nonperforming assets: 
 Nonperforming (nonaccrual) loans 
 
 2,731 
 444 
 Other real estate owned 
 
 374 
 Total nonperforming assets 
 
 2,731 
 818 
 as a of loans and other real estate owned 
 0.54 
 
 0.18 
 as a of total assets 
 0.27 
 
 0.07 
 Nonperforming loans as a of total loans 
 0.54 
 
 0.10 
 Accruing loans 90 days or more past due 

The table below provides information concerning the composition of nonaccrual 
loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
 respectively. 

December 31 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Nonaccrual loans: 
 Commercial and industrial 
 
 443 
 
 Commercial real estate 
 2,116 
 187 
 Residential real estate 
 172 
 257 
 Total nonaccrual loans / 
nonperforming loans 
 
 2,731 
 444 
 The Company discontinues the accrual of interest income when (1) there is a significant 
deterioration in the financial 
 condition of the borrower and full repayment of principal and interest is not expected or 
(2) the principal or interest is more 
 than 90 days past due, unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection. 
At December 31, 2022 and 
 2021, respectively, the Company 
had 2.7 million and 0.4 
million in nonaccrual loans. 
 There were no loans 90 days past due and still accruing interest at December 31, 2022 
and 2021, respectively. 

 The table below provides information concerning the composition of OREO at December 
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 December 31 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Other real estate owned: 
 Commercial real estate 

374 
 Total other real estate owned 

374 
 Potential Problem Loans
 Potential problem loans represent those loans with a well-defined weakness and 
where information about possible credit 
 problems of borrowers has caused management to have serious doubts about the 
borrower s ability to comply with present 
 repayment terms. 
This definition is believed to be substantially consistent with the standards 
established by the Federal 
 Reserve, the Company s primary regulator, 
for loans classified as substandard, excluding nonaccrual loans. 
Potential 
 problem loans, which are not included in nonperforming assets, amounted to 1.3 
million, or 0.3 of total loans at 
 December 31, 2022, compared to 2.4 million, or 0.5 of total loans at December 31, 2021. 

Table of Contents 
 65 
 The table below provides information concerning the composition of potential 
problem loans at December 31, 2022 and 
 2021, respectively. 

December 31 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Potential problem loans: 
 Commercial and industrial 
 
 212 
 226 
 Construction and land development 

218 
 Commercial real estate 
 161 
 156 
 Residential real estate 
 835 
 1,748 
 Consumer installment 
 47 
 12 
 Total potential problem loans 
 
 1,255 
 2,360 
 At December 31, 2022, there were no potential problem loans past due at least 30 
but less than 90 days. 

 The following table is a summary of the Company s 
performing loans that were past due at least 30 days but less than 
 90 days as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

December 31 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Performing loans past due 30 to 89 days: 
 Commercial and industrial 
 
 5 
 3 
 Construction and land development 

204 
 Commercial real estate 

Residential real estate 
 38 
 516 
 Consumer installment 
 40 
 25 
 Total performing loans past due 
30 to 89 days 
 
 83 
 748 
 Deposits 
 December 31 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Noninterest bearing demand 
 
 311,371 
 316,132 
 NOW 
 178,641 
 183,021 
 Money market 
 214,298 
 244,195 
 Savings 
 95,652 
 91,245 
 Certificates of deposit under 250,000 
 93,017 
 101,660 
 Certificates of deposit and other time deposits of 250,000 or more 
 57,358 
 57,990 
 Total deposits 
 
 950,337 
 994,243 
 Total deposits decreased 
 43.9 million, or 4 , to 950.3 million at December 31, 2022, 
compared to 994.2 million at 
 December 31, 2021. 
This decrease reflects net outflows to higher yield investment alternatives in 
a rising interest rate 
 environment and a decline in balances in existing accounts due to increased customer 
spending. 
Noninterest-bearing 
 deposits were 311.4 million, or 33 of total 
deposits, at December 31, 2022, compared to 316.1 million, or 32 of total 
 deposits at December 31, 2021. We 
had no brokered deposits at December 31, 2022 or at December 31, 2021. 
 Estimated uninsured deposits totaled 381.7 million and 420.8 million at December 31, 
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 Uninsured amounts are estimated based on the portion of account balances in excess of FDIC 
insurance limits. 

 The average rates paid on total interest-bearing deposits were 0.34 
in 2022 and 0.39 in 2021. 

Table of Contents 
 66 
 Other Borrowings
 Other borrowings generally consist of short-term borrowings and long-term debt. 
Short-term borrowings generally consist 
 of federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
with an original maturity of one year or less. 

 The Bank had available federal fund lines totaling 61.0 million and 41.0 
million with none outstanding at December 31, 
 2022 and 2021, respectively. Securities 
sold under agreements to repurchase totaled 2.6 million and 3.4 
million at 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The average rates paid on short-term borrowings were 1.33 
and 0.51 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 The Company had no long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 CAPITAL ADEQUACY
 The Company's consolidated stockholders' equity was 68.0 million and 103.7 
million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
 respectively. 
The decrease from December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by an other comprehensive 
loss due to the 
 change in unrealized gains/losses on securities available-for-sale, 
net of tax, of 41.8 million, cash dividends paid of 3.7 
 million and stock repurchases of 0.5 million, representing 17,183 shares, 
which was partially offset by net earnings of 
 10.3 million. 

Our unrealized losses on securities and the related decline in our accumulated other comprehensive 
income AOCI 
 resulted from increases in market interest rates in 2022 due to inflation and Federal Reserve 
monetary policy actions. 
Our 
 AOCI declined 41.8 million from 0.9 million at December 31, 2021 
to 40.9) million 
This is the primary reason both 
 our shareholders equity and book value per share declined 34 , respectively, 
in 2022. 
The Bank and the Company, as 
 permitted by the Federal Reserve and the other Federal bank regulators, made a 
permanent election in March 2015 to opt 
 out of the requirement to include most components of AOCI in regulatory capital. 
Accordingly, AOCI does not affect 
our 
 capital for regulatory purposes. 
If our tangible GAAP equity, however, 
ever became negative, Federal Housing Finance 
 Agency rules could prevent us from obtaining new FHLB lines or advances, even though 
renewals of existing lines and 
 advance may be permissible. 
Investors may also view tangible GAAP equity, 
net of AOCI as important in connection with 
 capital raising, if any, especially 
in stressed economic conditions. 
On a GAAP basis, our returns on equity increased as 
 result of the negative AOCI s 
reduction of stockholders equity. 
 On January 1, 2015, the Company and Bank became subject to the Basel III regulatory capital 
framework and related 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street 
Reform and Consumer Protection Act changes. The rules included the implementation 
of a capital 
 conservation buffer that is added to the minimum requirements 
for capital adequacy purposes. The capital conservation 
 buffer was fully phased-in on January 1, 2019 at 2.5 . A banking organization 
with a capital conservation buffer of less 
 than the required minimum amount will be subject to limitations on capital distributions, 
including dividend payments and 
 certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. 
At December 31, 2022, the Bank s 
ratio exceeded 2.5 and the 
 capital conservation buffer requirements. 
 Effective March 20, 2020, the Federal Reserve and the other federal 
banking regulators adopted an interim final rule that 
 amended the capital conservation buffer. 
The interim final rule was adopted as a final rule on August 26, 2020. The 
new 
 rule revises the definition of eligible retained income for purposes of the maximum payout 
ratio to allow banking 
 organizations to more freely use their capital buffers to promote 
lending and other financial intermediation activities, by 
 making the limitations on capital distributions more gradual. The 
eligible retained income is now the greater of (i) net 
 income for the four preceding quarters, net of distributions and associated tax effects 
not reflected in net income; and (ii) 
 the average of all net income over the preceding four quarters. The interim 
final rule only affects the capital buffers, and 
 banking organizations were encouraged to make prudent capital 
distribution decisions.
 The Federal Reserve has treated us as a small bank holding company under the Federal 
Reserve s policy. 
Accordingly, 
 our capital adequacy is evaluated at the Bank level, and not for the Company and its consolidated 
subsidiaries. The Bank s 
 tier 1 leverage ratio was 10.01 , CET1 risk-based capital ratio 
was 15.39 , tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 15.39 , and 
 total risk-based capital ratio was 16.25 
at December 31, 2022. These ratios exceed the minimum regulatory capital 
 percentages of 5.0 for tier 1 leverage ratio, 6.5 for CET1 risk-based capital ratio, 
8.0 for tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, 
 and 10.0 for total risk-based capital ratio to be considered well capitalized. The 
Bank s capital conservation buffer 
was 
 8.25 
at December 31, 2022.

Table of Contents 
 67 
 MARKET AND LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Management s objective is to manage assets and 
liabilities to provide a satisfactory, 
consistent level of profitability within 
 the framework of established liquidity, 
loan, investment, borrowing, and capital policies. The Bank s 
Asset Liability 
 Management Committee ALCO is charged with the responsibility 
of monitoring these policies, which are designed to 
 ensure an acceptable asset/liability composition. Two 
critical areas of focus for ALCO are interest rate risk and liquidity 
 risk management. 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to market risk arising from 
fluctuations in interest rates because 
 assets and liabilities may mature or reprice at different times. For example, 
if liabilities reprice faster than assets, and 
 interest rates are generally rising, earnings will initially decline. In addition, assets 
and liabilities may reprice at the same 
 time but by different amounts. For example, when the general level of interest rates is rising, 
the Company may increase 
 rates paid on interest bearing demand deposit accounts and savings deposit 
accounts by an amount that is less than the 
 general increase in market interest rates. Also, short-term and long-term 
market interest rates may change by different 
 amounts. For example, a flattening yield curve may reduce the interest spread 
between new loan yields and funding costs. 
 The yield curve has been inverted at various times in 2022 and in the first months of 2023. 
An inverted yield curve reduces 
 the net interest margin expansion that may be expected otherwise as interest 
rates rise. 
Further, the remaining maturity of 
 various assets and liabilities may shorten or lengthen as interest rates change. For 
example, if long-term mortgage interest 
 rates decline sharply, mortgage-backed 
securities in the securities portfolio may prepay earlier than anticipated, 
which 
 could reduce earnings. Interest rates may also have a direct or indirect effect 
on loan demand, loan losses, mortgage 
 origination volume, the fair value of MSRs and other items affecting earnings. 
 ALCO measures and evaluates the interest rate risk so that we can meet customer demands 
for various types of loans and 
 deposits. ALCO determines the most appropriate amounts of on-balance 
sheet and off-balance sheet items. Measurements 
 used to help manage interest rate sensitivity include an earnings simulation and an economic 
value of equity model. 
 Earnings simulation
 Management believes that interest rate risk is best estimated by our earnings simulation 
modeling. On at least a quarterly 
 basis, we simulate the following 12-month time period to determine a baseline 
net interest income forecast and the 
 sensitivity of this forecast to changes in interest rates. The baseline forecast assumes an 
unchanged or flat interest rate 
 environment. Forecasted levels of earning assets, interest-bearing liabilities, and 
off-balance sheet financial instruments are 
 combined with ALCO forecasts of market interest rates for the next 12 
months and other factors in order to produce various 
 earnings simulations and estimates. 
 To help limit interest rate risk, 
we have guidelines for earnings at risk which seek to limit the variance of net interest 
 income from gradual changes in interest rates. 
For changes up or down in rates from management s 
flat interest rate 
 forecast over the next 12 months, policy limits for net interest income variances are as follows: 
 +/- 20 for a gradual change of 400 basis points 
 +/- 15 for a gradual change of 300 basis points 
 +/- 10 for a gradual change of 200 basis points 
 +/- 5 for a gradual change of 100 basis points 

Table of Contents 
 68 
 The following table reports the variance of net interest income over the next 12 
months assuming a gradual change in 
 interest rates up or down when compared to the baseline net interest income 
forecast at December 31, 2022. 

Changes in Interest Rates 
 Net Interest Income Variance 
 
400 basis points 
 (3.81) 

300 basis points 
 (2.62) 
 
200 basis points 
 (1.50) 
 
100 basis points 
 (0.58) 
 
(100) basis points 
 (0.59) 
 
(200) basis points 
 (1.50) 
 
(300) basis points 
 (2.29) 
 
(400) basis points 
 (2.92) 
 At December 31, 2022, our earnings simulation model indicated that 
we were in compliance with the policy guidelines 
 noted above. 
 Economic Value 
of Equity
 Economic value of equity EVE measures the extent that estimated economic 
values of our assets, liabilities and off-
 balance sheet items will change as a result of interest rate changes. Economic values are 
estimated by discounting expected 
 cash flows from assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items, to 
which establish 
a base case EVE. In contrast with our 
 earnings simulation model which evaluates interest rate risk over a 12-month 
timeframe, EVE uses a terminal horizon 
 which allows for the re-pricing of all assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet items. 
Further, EVE is measured using values 
 as of a point in time and does not reflect any actions that ALCO might take in responding to 
or anticipating changes in 
 interest rates, or market and competitive conditions. 
 To help limit interest rate risk, 
we have stated policy guidelines for an instantaneous basis point change in interest rates, 
 such that our EVE should not decrease from our base case by more than the following: 
 45 for an instantaneous change of +/- 400 basis points 
 35 for an instantaneous change of +/- 300 basis points 
 25 for an instantaneous change of +/- 200 basis points 
 15 for an instantaneous change of +/- 100 basis points 
 The following table reports the variance of EVE assuming an immediate change in 
interest rates up or down when 
 compared to the baseline EVE at December 31, 2022. 

Changes in Interest Rates 
 EVE Variance 
 
400 basis points 
 (3.87) 

300 basis points 
 (1.11) 
 
200 basis points 
 0.58 
 
100 basis points 
 1.16 
 
(100) basis points 
 (5.12) 
 
(200) basis points 
 (15.06) 
 
(300) basis points 
 (28.96) 
 
(400) basis points 
 (31.85) 
 At December 31, 2022, our EVE model indicated that we were in compliance 
with the policy guidelines noted above. 

Table of Contents 
 69 
 Each of the above analyses may not, on its own, be an accurate indicator of how our net interest income 
will be affected by 
 changes in interest rates. Income associated with interest-earning assets and costs associated 
with interest-bearing liabilities 
 may not be affected uniformly by changes in interest rates. In addition, 
the magnitude and duration of changes in interest 
 rates may have a significant impact on net interest income. For example, although certain 
assets and liabilities may have 
 similar maturities or periods of repricing, they may react in different 
degrees to changes in market interest rates, and other 
 economic and market factors, including market perceptions. 
Interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities fluctuate 
 in advance of changes in general market rates, while interest rates on other types of assets 
and liabilities may lag behind 
 changes in general market rates. In addition, certain assets, such as adjustable-rate 
mortgage loans, have features (generally 
 referred to as interest rate caps and floors which limit changes in interest rates. 
Prepayment and early withdrawal levels 
 also could deviate significantly from those assumed in calculating the maturity of certain instruments. 
The ability of many 
 borrowers to service their debts also may decrease during periods of rising interest rates or 
economic stress, which may 
 differ across industries and economic sectors. ALCO reviews each of the 
above interest rate sensitivity analyses along with 
 several different interest rate scenarios in seeking satisfactory, 
consistent levels of profitability within the framework of the 
 Company s established liquidity, 
loan, investment, borrowing, and capital policies. 
 The Company may also use derivative financial instruments to improve the balance between 
interest-sensitive assets and 
 interest-sensitive liabilities and as one tool to manage interest rate sensitivity 
while continuing to meet the credit and 
 deposit needs of our customers. From time to time, the Company may enter into 
interest rate swaps swaps to facilitate 
 customer transactions and meet their financing needs. These swaps qualify as 
derivatives, but are not designated as hedging 
 instruments. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no derivative 
contracts to assist in managing interest rate 
 sensitivity. 
 Liquidity Risk Management
 Liquidity is the Company s ability to convert 
assets into cash equivalents in order to meet daily cash flow requirements, 
 primarily for deposit withdrawals, loan demand and maturing obligations. Without 
proper management of its liquidity, 
the 
 Company could experience higher costs of obtaining funds due to insufficient liquidity, 
while excessive liquidity can lead 
 to a decline in earnings due to the cost of foregoing alternative higher-yielding 
investment opportunities. 
 Liquidity is managed at two levels. The first is the liquidity of the Company. 
The second is the liquidity of the Bank. The 
 management of liquidity at both levels is essential, because the Company and the Bank are 
separate and distinct legal 
 entities with different funding needs and sources, and each are subject 
to regulatory guidelines and requirements. The 
 Company depends upon dividends from the Bank for liquidity to pay its operating expenses, 
debt obligations and 
 dividends. The Bank s payment of dividends depends 
on its earnings, liquidity, capital 
and the absence of any regulatory 
 restrictions. 
 The primary source of funding and liquidity for the Company has been dividends received 
from the Bank. The Company 
 depends upon dividends from the Bank for liquidity to pay its operating expense, debt obligations, 
if any, and cash 
 dividends on, and repurchases of, Company common stock. 
The Bank s payment of dividends depends 
on its earnings, 
 liquidity, capital and the absence 
of any regulatory restrictions. 
If needed, the Company could also issue common stock or 
 other securities. 

 Primary sources of funding for the Bank include primarily customer deposits, 
together with other borrowings, repayment 
 and maturity of securities, and sale and repayment of loans. 
The Bank has participated in the FHLB s 
advance program to 
 obtain funding for its growth. 
FHLB advances include both fixed and variable terms and are taken out with varying 
 maturities. 
The Bank also has access to federal funds lines from various banks and borrowings 
from the Federal Reserve 
 discount window. 
As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 312.6 million of borrowing capacity 
with the FHLB and 61.0 
 million of federal funds lines, with none outstanding. 
Primary uses of funds include repayment of maturing obligations and 
 growing the loan portfolio. 

Table of Contents 
 70 
 The following table presents additional information about our contractual obligations 
as of December 31, 2022, which by 
 their terms had contractual maturity and termination dates subsequent to December 
31, 2022: 

Payments due by period 
 1 year 

 1 to 3 
 3 to 5 
 More than 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Total 
 or less 
 years 
 years 
 5 years 
 Contractual obligations: 
 Deposit maturities (1) 
 
 950,337 
 894,523 
 38,266 
 17,357 
 191 
 Operating lease obligations 
 674 
 123 
 237 
 192 
 122 
 Total 
 
 951,011 
 894,646 
 38,503 
 17,549 
 313 
 (1) Deposits with no stated maturity (demand, NOW, money market, and savings deposits) are presented 
in the "1 year or less" column 
 Management believes that the Company and the Bank have adequate sources of liquidity 
from deposits, FHLB advances, 
 sales of securities under agreement to repurchase and federal funds lines, as 
well as possible sales of securities, to meet all 
 known contractual obligations and unfunded commitments, including loan commitments 
and reasonable borrower, 
 depositor, and creditor requirements over the next 12 
months. 
 The Federal Reserve s new Bank Term 
Funding Program BTFP established on March 12, 2023, provides additional 
 liquidity, if needed 
without suffering any adverse effects from unrealized losses on securities. 
BTFP offers loans of up to 
 one year to banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other eligible depository institutions 
pledging U.S. Treasuries, 
 agency debt and mortgage-backed securities, and other qualifying assets as collateral. These 
assets will be valued at par. 
 The BTFP will be an additional source of liquidity against high-quality securities, eliminating 
an institution's need to 
 quickly sell those securities in times of stress. 
In addition, the discount window will apply the same margins used 
for the 
 securities eligible for the BTFP, 
further increasing the value of investment securities at the discount window. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank had outstanding standby letters of credit of 1. 
0 
million and unfunded loan commitments 
 outstanding of 87.7 million. Because these commitments generally 
have fixed expiration dates and many will expire 
 without being drawn upon, the total commitment level does not necessarily represent future 
cash requirements. If needed to 
 fund these outstanding commitments, the Bank has the ability to liquidate federal funds sold, 
obtain FHLB advances, raise 
 deposits or sell securities available-for-sale, or to purchase federal 
funds from other financial institutions on a short-term 
 basis while it obtains the other longer term funding.
 Residential mortgage lending and servicing activities 
 We primarily sell conforming 
residential mortgage loans in the secondary market to Fannie Mae 
while retaining the 
 servicing of these loans (MSRs). The sale agreements for these residential mortgage 
loans with Fannie Mae and other 
 investors include various representations and warranties regarding the origination 
and characteristics of the residential 
 mortgage loans. Although the representations and warranties vary among investors, 
they typically cover ownership of the 
 loan, validity of the lien securing the loan, the absence of delinquent taxes or liens against the property 
securing the loan, 
 compliance with loan criteria set forth in the applicable agreement, compliance with applicable 
federal, state, and local 
 laws, among other matters. 

 The Bank sells mortgage loans to Fannie Mae and services these on an actual/actual basis. 
As a result, the Bank is not 
 obligated to make any advances to Fannie Mae on principal and interest on such mortgage 
loans where the borrower is 
 entitled to forbearance. 

Table of Contents 
 71 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unpaid principal balance of residential mortgage loans, 
which we have originated and sold, 
 but retained the servicing rights (MSRs) totaled 232.7 million. Although these loans 
are generally sold on a non-recourse 
 basis, except for breaches of customary seller representations and warranties, 
we may have to repurchase residential 
 mortgage loans in cases where we breach such representations or 
warranties or the other terms of the sale, such as where we 
 fail to deliver required documents or the documents we deliver are defective. Investors 
also may require the repurchase of a 
 mortgage loan when an early payment default underwriting review reveals significant 
underwriting deficiencies, even if the 
 mortgage loan has subsequently been brought current. Repurchase demands are typically reviewed 
on an individual loan by 
 loan basis to validate the claims made by the investor and to determine if a contractually 
required repurchase event has 
 occurred. We 
seek to reduce and manage the risks of potential repurchases or other claims by mortgage loan 
investors 
 through our underwriting, quality assurance and servicing practices, including 
good communications with our residential 
 mortgage investors. 
 The Company was not required to repurchase any loans during 2022 and 2021 
as a result of representation and warranty 
 provisions contained in the Company s sale agre 
ements with Fannie Mae, and had no pending repurchase or make-whole 
 requests at December 31, 2022. 
 We service all residential 
mortgage loans originated and sold by us to Fannie Mae. As servicer, 
our primary duties are to: 
 (1) collect payments due from borrowers; (2) advance certain delinquent payments 
of principal and interest; (3) maintain 
 and administer any hazard, title, or primary mortgage insurance policies relating to the 
mortgage loans; (4) maintain any 
 required escrow accounts for payment of taxes and insurance and administer escrow payments; 
and (5) foreclose on 
 defaulted mortgage loans or take other actions to mitigate the potential losses to investors 
consistent with the agreements 
 governing our rights and duties as servicer. 
 The agreement under which we act as servicer generally specifies our 
standards of responsibility for actions taken by us in 
 such capacity and provides protection against expenses and liabilities incurred by us 
when acting in compliance with the 
 respective servicing agreements. However, if 
we commit a material breach of our obligations as servicer, 
we may be subject 
 to termination if the breach is not cured within a specified period following notice. The 
standards governing servicing and 
 the possible remedies for violations of such standards are determined by servicing 
guides issued by Fannie Mae as well as 
 the contract provisions established between Fannie Mae and the Bank. 
Remedies could include repurchase of an affected 
 loan. 
 Although to date repurchase requests related to representation and warranty provisions, 
and servicing activities have been 
 limited, it is possible that requests to repurchase mortgage loans may increase in frequency 
if investors more aggressively 
 pursue all means of recovering losses on their purchased loans. As of December 
31, 2022, we believe that this exposure is 
 not material due to the historical level of repurchase requests and loss trends, the results 
of our quality control reviews, and 
 the fact that 99 of our residential mortgage loans serviced for Fannie Mae 
were current as of such date. We 
maintain 
 ongoing communications with our investors and will continue to evaluate this exposure 
by monitoring the level and number 
 of repurchase requests as well as the delinquency rates in our investor portfolios. 
 Section 4021 of the CARES Act allows borrowers under 1-to-4 family residential 
mortgage loans sold to Fannie Mae to 
 request forbearance from the servicer after affirming that such borrower is experiencing 
financial hardships during the 
 COVID-19 emergency. 
Except for vacant or abandoned properties, Fannie Mae servicers may not initiate 
foreclosures on 
 similar procedures or related evictions 
or sales generally until June 30, 2021. 
 Effects of Inflation and Changing Prices
 The consolidated financial statements and related consolidated financial data presented 
herein have been prepared in 
 accordance with GAAP and practices within the banking industry 
which require the measurement of financial position and 
 operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the changes in 
the relative purchasing power of money 
 over time due to inflation. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all the assets and 
liabilities of a financial institution 
 are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on a 
financial institution s performance 
 than the effects of general levels of inflation. 

Table of Contents 
 72 
 CURRENT ACCOUNTING DEVELOPMENTS 
 The following ASUs have been issued by the FASB 
but are not yet effective. 

ASU 2016-13, 
 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 
326): 
Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial 
 Instruments; and 
 
 ASU 2022-02, 
 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 
326): 
Troubled Debt 
Restructurings and Vintage 
 Disclosures. 
 Information about these pronouncements are described in more detail below. 
 ASU 2016-13, 
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 
326): Measurement of Credit 
Losses on Financial Instruments
 , 
 amends guidance on reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis and available 
for sale debt securities. For 
 assets held at amortized cost basis, the new standard eliminates the probable initial recognition 
threshold previously 
 provided by GAAP and, instead, requires an entity to reflect its current estimate of all expected 
credit losses using a broader 
 range of information regarding past events, current conditions and forecasts assessing the 
collectability of cash flows. The 
 allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized 
cost basis of the financial assets to 
 present the net amount expected to be collected. For available for sale debt securities, credit 
losses should be measured in a 
 manner similar to current GAAP, 
however the new standard will require that credit losses be presented as an allowance 
 rather than as a write-down. The new guidance affects entities holding 
financial assets and net investment in leases that are 
 not accounted for at fair value through net income. The amendments affect 
loans, debt securities, trade receivables, net 
 investments in leases, off-balance sheet credit exposures, reinsurance receivables, 
and any other financial assets not 
 excluded from the scope that have the contractual right to receive cash. For public 
business entities, the new guidance was 
 originally effective for annual and interim periods in fiscal years 
beginning after December 15, 2019. On October 16, 2019, 
 the FASB approved 
a previously issued proposal granting smaller reporting companies a postponement of the required 
 implementation date for ASU 2016-13. This standard became effective 
for the Company on January 1, 2023. 
 The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 in the first quarter of 2023 and will apply the standard s 
provisions as a cumulative-
 effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting 
period in which the guidance is effective. 

 The Company is finalizing implementation efforts through its implementation 
team. 
The team has worked with an advisory 
 consultant and has finalized and documented the methodologies that will be utilized. 
The team is currently finalizing 
 controls, processes, policies and disclosures and has completed full end-to-end 
parallel runs. 
Based on the Company s 
 portfolio composition as of December 31, 2022, and current expectations of future economic 
conditions, the reserve for 
 credit losses is expected to increase from 1.14 as a percentage of total loans at December 
31, 2022 to a range between 
 1.32 and 1.36 of total loans upon adoption of this standard, primarily resulting from 
the impact of adjusting from the 
 incurred loss model to the expected loss model, which provides for 
expected credit losses over the life of the loan portfolio. 

 The Company does not expect to record an allowance for available-for-sale 
securities as the investment portfolio consists 
 primarily of debt securities explicitly or implicitly backed by the U.S. Government 
for which credit risk is deemed minimal. 

 The impact of ASU 2016-13 is not expected to have a material impact on the allowance 
for unfunded commitments. 
The 
 Company continues to finalize its day-one adjustment and 
will record the after-tax impact as a cumulative-effect adjustment 
 to retained earnings as of January 1, 2023. 
This estimate is subject to change as key assumptions are refined. 
The impact 
 going forward will depend on the composition, characteristics, and credit 
quality of the loan and securities portfolios as 
 well as the economic conditions at future reporting periods. 
 ASU 2022-02 
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 
326): Troubled 
Debt Restructurings and Vintage 
Disclosures
 , 
 eliminates the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings TDRs ), 
while enhancing disclosure requirements for 
 certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing 
financial difficulty. 
The new 
 standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods 
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2022. The 
 new standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s 
consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 
 73 
 Table 1 
 Explanation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to results presented in accordance with GAAP, 
this annual report on Form 10-K includes certain designated net 
 interest income amounts presented on a tax-equivalent basis, a non-GAAP financial 
measure, including the presentation of 
 total revenue and the calculation of the efficiency ratio. 
 The Company believes the presentation of net interest income on a tax-equivalent 
basis provides comparability of net 
 interest income from both taxable and tax-exempt sources and facilitates comparability 
within the industry. Although the 
 Company believes these non-GAAP financial measures enhance investors 
understanding of its business and performance, 
 these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered an alternative to 
GAAP. 
The reconciliation of these non-
 GAAP financial measures from GAAP to non-GAAP is presented below. 
 Year ended December 31 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 2018 
 Net interest income (GAAP) 
 
 27,166 
 23,990 
 24,338 
 26,064 
 25,570 
 Tax-equivalent adjustment 
 456 
 470 
 492 
 557 
 613 
 Net interest income (Tax-equivalent) 
 
 27,622 
 24,460 
 24,830 
 26,621 
 26,183 

Table of Contents 
 74 
 Table 2 
- Selected Financial Data 
 Year ended December 31 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 2018 
 Income statement 
 Tax-equivalent interest income (a) 
 
 30,001 
 26,977 
 28,686 
 30,804 
 29,859 
 Total interest expense 
 2,379 
 2,517 
 3,856 
 4,183 
 3,676 
 Tax equivalent net interest income (a) 
 27,622 
 24,460 
 24,830 
 26,621 
 26,183 
 Provision for loan losses 
 1,000 
 (600) 
 1,100 
 (250) 

Total noninterest income 
 6,506 
 4,288 
 5,375 
 5,494 
 3,325 
 Total noninterest expense 
 19,823 
 19,433 
 19,554 
 19,697 
 17,874 
 Net earnings before income taxes and 

 tax-equivalent adjustment 
 13,305 
 9,915 
 9,551 
 12,668 
 11,634 
 Tax-equivalent adjustment 
 456 
 470 
 492 
 557 
 613 
 Income tax expense 
 2,503 
 1,406 
 1,605 
 2,370 
 2,187 
 Net earnings 
 
 10,346 
 8,039 
 7,454 
 9,741 
 8,834 
 Per share data: 
 Basic and diluted net earnings 

2.95 
 2.27 
 2.09 
 2.72 
 2.42 
 Cash dividends declared 
 
 1.06 
 1.04 
 1.02 
 1.00 
 0.96 
 Weighted average shares outstanding 
 Basic and diluted 
 3,510,869 
 3,545,310 
 3,566,207 
 3,581,476 
 3,643,780 
 Shares outstanding 
 3,503,452 
 3,520,485 
 3,566,276 
 3,566,146 
 3,643,868 
 Book value 

19.42 
 29.46 
 30.20 
 27.57 
 24.44 
 Common stock price 
 High 
 
 34.49 
 48.00 
 63.40 
 53.90 
 53.50 
 Low 
 22.07 
 31.32 
 24.11 
 30.61 
 28.88 
 Period-end 
 
 23.00 
 32.30 
 42.29 
 53.00 
 31.66 
 To earnings ratio 

 7.80 
 x 
 14.23 
 20.23 
 19.49 
 13.08 
 To book value 
 118 
 
 110 
 140 
 192 
 130 
 Performance ratios: 
 Return on average equity 

 12.48 
 
 7.54 
 7.12 
 10.35 
 10.14 
 Return on average assets 

 0.96 
 
 0.78 
 0.83 
 1.18 
 1.08 
 Dividend payout ratio 
 35.93 
 
 45.81 
 48.80 
 36.76 
 39.67 
 Average equity to average assets 
 7.72 
 
 10.39 
 11.63 
 11.39 
 10.63 
 Asset Quality: 
 Allowance for loan losses as a of: 
 Loans 
 1.14 
 
 1.08 
 1.22 
 0.95 
 1.00 
 Nonperforming loans 
 211 
 
 1,112 
 1,052 
 2,345 
 2,691 
 Nonperforming assets as a of: 
 Loans and other real estate owned 
 0.54 
 
 0.18 
 0.12 
 0.04 
 0.07 
 Total assets 
 0.27 
 
 0.07 
 0.06 
 0.02 
 0.04 
 Nonperforming loans as of loans 
 0.54 
 
 0.10 
 0.12 
 0.04 
 0.04 
 Net charge-offs (recoveries) as a of average loans 
 0.04 
 
 0.02 
 (0.03) 
 0.03 
 (0.01) 
 Capital Adequacy (c): 
 CET 1 risk-based capital ratio 
 15.39 
 
 16.23 
 17.27 
 17.28 
 16.49 
 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 
 15.39 
 
 16.23 
 17.27 
 17.28 
 16.49 
 Total risk-based capital ratio 
 16.25 
 
 17.06 
 18.31 
 18.12 
 17.38 
 Tier 1 leverage ratio 
 10.01 
 
 9.35 
 10.32 
 11.23 
 11.33 
 Other financial data: 
 Net interest margin (a) 
 2.81 
 
 2.55 
 2.92 
 3.43 
 3.40 
 Effective income tax rate 
 19.48 
 
 14.89 
 17.72 
 19.57 
 19.84 
 Efficiency ratio (b) 
 58.08 
 
 67.60 
 64.74 
 61.33 
 60.57 
 Selected period end balances: 
 Securities 
 
 405,304 
 421,891 
 335,177 
 235,902 
 239,801 
 Loans, net of unearned income 
 504,458 
 458,364 
 461,700 
 460,901 
 476,908 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 5,765 
 4,939 
 5,618 
 4,386 
 4,790 
 Total assets 
 1,023,888 
 1,105,150 
 956,597 
 828,570 
 818,077 
 Total deposits 
 950,337 
 994,243 
 839,792 
 724,152 
 724,193 
 Total stockholders equity 
 68,041 
 103,726 
 107,689 
 98,328 
 89,055 
 (a) Tax-equivalent. 
See "Table 1 - Explanation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures". 
 (b) Efficiency ratio is the result of noninterest expense divided 
by the sum of noninterest income and tax-equivalent net interest 
income. 
 (c) Regulatory capital ratios presented are for the Company's 
wholly-owned subsidiary, AuburnBank. 

Table of Contents 
 75 
 Table 3 
- Average Balance 
and Net Interest Income Analysis 
 Year ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 Interest 
 Interest 
 Average 
 Income/ 
 Yield/ 
 Average 
 Income/ 
 Yield/ 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Balance 
 Expense 
 Rate 
 Balance 
 Expense 
 Rate 
 Interest-earning assets: 

Loans and loans held for sale (1) 
 
 454,604 
 
 20,241 
 4.45 

459,712 
 
 20,473 
 4.45 

 Securities - taxable 
 364,029 
 6,576 
 1.81 

 320,766 
 4,107 
 1.28 

 Securities - tax-exempt (2) 
 61,591 
 2,172 
 3.53 

 62,736 
 2,242 
 3.57 

 Total securities 

 425,620 
 8,748 
 2.06 

 383,502 
 6,349 
 1.66 

 Federal funds sold 
 43,766 
 435 
 1.00 

 38,659 
 55 
 0.15 

 Interest bearing bank deposits 
 58,141 
 577 
 0.99 

 77,220 
 100 
 0.13 

 Total interest-earning assets 
 982,131 
 30,001 
 3.05 

 959,093 
 26,977 
 2.81 

 Cash and due from banks 
 15,108 
 14,591 
 Other assets 
 77,496 
 51,664 
 Total assets 
 
 1,074,735 
 
 1,025,348 
 Interest-bearing liabilities: 
 Deposits: 

NOW 
 
 197,177 
 370 
 0.19 

178,197 
 212 
 0.12 

 Savings and money market 
 327,139 
 649 
 0.20 

 296,708 
 655 
 0.22 

 Certificates of deposits 

 154,273 
 1,300 
 0.84 

 159,111 
 1,633 
 1.03 

 Total interest-bearing deposits 
 678,589 
 2,319 
 0.34 

 634,016 
 2,500 
 0.39 

 Short-term borrowings 
 4,516 
 60 
 1.33 

 3,349 
 17 
 0.51 

 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 683,105 
 2,379 
 0.35 

 637,365 
 2,517 
 0.39 

 Noninterest-bearing deposits 
 306,772 

278,013 

Other liabilities 
 1,933 
 3,392 
 Stockholders' equity 
 82,925 

106,578 

Total liabilities and 
 and stockholders' equity 
 
 1,074,735 
 
 1,025,348 
 Net interest income and margin 
 
 27,622 
 2.81 
 
 24,460 
 2.55 

(1) Average loan balances are 
shown net of unearned income and loans on nonaccrual status have been included 
 in the computation of average balances. 
 (2) Yields on tax-exempt securities have been 
computed on a tax-equivalent basis using an income tax rate 
 of 21 . 

Table of Contents 
 76 
 Table 4 
- Volume and 
Rate Variance 
Analysis 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 vs. 2020 
 Net 
 Due to change in 
 Net 
 Due to change in 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Change 
 Rate (2) 
 Volume (2) 
 Change 
 Rate (2) 
 Volume (2) 
 Interest income: 

Loans and loans held for sale 

(232) 
 (5) 
 (227) 
 
 (1,582) 
 (1,333) 
 (249) 
 Securities - taxable 
 2,469 
 1,687 
 782 
 175 
 (933) 
 1,108 
 Securities - tax-exempt (1) 
 (70) 
 (30) 
 (40) 
 (101) 
 (91) 
 (10) 
 Total securities 

 2,399 
 1,657 
 742 
 74 
 (1,024) 
 1,098 
 Federal funds sold 
 380 
 329 
 51 
 (70) 
 (81) 
 11 
 Interest bearing bank deposits 
 477 
 666 
 (189) 
 (131) 
 (159) 
 28 
 Total interest income 
 
 3,024 
 2,647 
 377 
 
 (1,709) 
 (2,597) 
 888 
 Interest expense: 
 Deposits: 
 NOW 
 
 158 
 122 
 36 
 
 (311) 
 (340) 
 29 
 Savings and money market 
 (6) 
 (66) 
 60 
 (416) 
 (537) 
 121 
 Certificates of deposits 
 (333) 
 (292) 
 (41) 
 (620) 
 (560) 
 (60) 
 Total interest-bearing deposits 
 (181) 
 (236) 
 55 
 (1,347) 
 (1,437) 
 90 
 Short-term borrowings 
 43 
 8 
 35 
 8 
 
 8 
 Total interest expense 
 (138) 
 (228) 
 90 
 (1,339) 
 (1,437) 
 98 
 Net interest income 
 
 3,162 
 2,875 
 287 
 
 (370) 
 (1,160) 
 790 

(1) Yields on tax-exempt securities have been 
computed on a tax-equivalent basis using an income 

 tax rate of 21 . 
 (2) Changes that are not solely a result of volume or rate have been allocated to volume. 

Table of Contents 
 77 
 Table 5 
- Net Charge-Offs (Recoveries) to Average 
Loans 
 2022 
 2021 
 Net 
 Net 
 Net 
 charge-off 
 Net 
 charge-off 
 charge-offs 
 Average 
 (recovery) 
 charge-offs 
 Average 
 (recovery) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 (recoveries) 
 Loans (2) 
 ratio 
 (recoveries) 
 Loans (2) 
 ratio 
 Commercial and industrial (1) 
 
 215 
 69,973 
 0.31 

(140) 
 64,618 
 (0.22) 
 
 Construction and land development 

44,177 

33,945 
 
 Commercial real estate 
 (3) 
 247,374 
 
 254 
 253,113 
 0.10 
 Residential real estate 
 (26) 
 85,223 
 (0.03) 
 (52) 
 81,526 
 (0.06) 
 Consumer installment 
 8 
 7,915 
 0.10 
 17 
 6,975 
 0.24 
 Total 
 
 194 
 454,662 
 0.04 

79 
 440,177 
 0.02 
 
 (1) Excludes PPP loans, which are guaranteed by the SBA. 
 (2) Gross loan balances. 

Table of Contents 
 78 
 Table 6 
- Loan Maturities 
 December 31, 2022 
 1 year 

 1 to 5 
 5 to 15 

 After 15 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 or less 
 years 
 years 
 years 
 Total 
 Commercial and industrial 
 
 18,643 
 7,867 
 37,948 
 1,721 
 66,179 
 Construction and land development 
 51,560 
 13,162 
 1,713 
 44 
 66,479 
 Commercial real estate 
 19,978 
 92,259 
 148,899 
 4,045 
 265,181 
 Residential real estate 
 4,897 
 20,988 
 36,276 
 35,574 
 97,735 
 Consumer installment 
 3,537 
 5,337 
 672 

9,546 
 Total loans 
 
 98,615 
 139,613 
 225,508 
 41,384 
 505,120 

Table of Contents 
 79 
 Table 7 
- Sensitivities to Changes in Interest Rates on Loans Maturing in More 
Than One Year 

 December 31, 2022 
 Variable 
 Fixed 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Rate 
 Rate 
 Total 
 Commercial and industrial 
 
 141 
 47,395 
 47,536 
 Construction and land development 
 1,989 
 12,930 
 14,919 
 Commercial real estate 
 1,937 
 243,266 
 245,203 
 Residential real estate 
 34,767 
 58,071 
 92,838 
 Consumer installment 
 21 
 5,988 
 6,009 
 Total loans 
 
 38,855 
 367,650 
 406,505 

Table of Contents 
 80 
 Table 8 
- Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses 
 2022 
 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Amount 
 
 Amount 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 
 747 
 13.1 
 
 857 
 18.3 
 Construction and land development 
 949 
 13.2 
 518 
 7.1 
 Commercial real estate 
 3,109 
 52.5 
 2739 
 56.2 
 Residential real estate 
 828 
 19.3 
 739 
 16.9 
 Consumer installment 
 132 
 1.9 
 86 
 1.5 

Total allowance for loan losses 
 
 5,765 
 
 4,939 
 Loan balance in each category expressed as a percentage of total loans. 

Table of Contents 
 81 
 Table 9 
- Estimated Uninsured Time Deposits by Maturity 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 
 Maturity of: 
 3 months or less 
 
 774 
 Over 3 months through 6 months 
 173 
 Over 6 months through 12 months 
 26,220 
 Over 12 months 
 14,941 
 Total estimated uninsured 
time deposits 
 
 42,108 

Table of Contents 
 82 
 ITEM 7A. 
QUANTITATIVE 
AND QUALITATIVE 
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The information called for by ITEM 7A is set forth in ITEM 7 under the caption 
 Market and Liquidity Risk Management 
 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 8. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
AND SUPPLEMENTARY 
DATA 
 Index 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 (PCAOB ID: 

83 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
85 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 

86 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

87 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

88 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

89 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 

90 

Table of Contents 
 83 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. and 
 Subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
the related consolidated statements of earnings, 
 comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for the years 
then ended, and the related notes to 
 the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial 
 statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 
 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the 
years then ended, in conformity with 
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express 
 an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm 
 registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight 
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to 
 be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. 
federal securities laws and the applicable 
 rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and 
the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan 
 and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
financial statements are free of material 
 misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company 
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to 
 perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part 
of our audits we are required to obtain 
 an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for 
the purpose of expressing an opinion on 
 the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such 
 opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the financial 
 statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures 
that respond to those risks. Such 
 procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts 
and disclosures in the financial 
 statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles 
used and significant estimates made by 
 management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. 
We believe that our 
 audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Table of Contents 
 84 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising 
from the current period audit of the financial 
 statements that were communicated or required to be communicated 
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate 
 to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements 
and (2) involved our especially 
 challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical 
audit matters does not alter in any 
 way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are 
not, by communicating the critical 
 audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures 
to 
 which they relate. 

Allowance for Loan Losses
 As 
described 
in 
Note 
5 
to 
the 
Company s 
consolidated 
financial 
statements, 
the 
Company 
has 
a 
gross 
loan 
 portfolio of 
 504.5 million 
and related 
allowance for 
loan losses 
of 5.8 
million as 
of December 
31, 2022. 
As 
 described by the Company in Note 1, the evaluation of the allowance for loan losses is inherently subjective as 
it 
 requires 
estimates 
that 
are 
susceptible 
to 
significant 
revision 
as 
more 
information 
becomes 
available. 
The 
 allowance 
for 
loan 
losses 
is 
evaluated 
on 
a 
regular 
basis 
and 
is 
based 
upon 
the 
Company s 
review 
of 
the 
 collectability of 
the loans 
in light 
of historical 
experience, the 
nature and 
volume of 
the loan 
portfolio, adverse 
 situations 
that 
may 
affect 
the 
borrower s 
ability 
to 
repay, 
estimated 
value 
of 
any 
underlying 
collateral, 
and 
 prevailing economic conditions. 

 We 
identified the 
Company s 
estimate of 
the allowance 
for loan 
losses as 
a critical 
audit matter. 
The principal 
 considerations for our determination of the allowance for loan 
losses as a critical audit matter related to 
the high 
 degree 
of 
subjectivity 
in 
the 
Company s 
judgments 
in 
determining 
the 
qualitative 
factors. 
Auditing 
these 
 complex judgments 
and assumptions 
by the 
Company involves 
especially challenging 
auditor judgment 
due to 
 the 
nature 
and 
extent 
of 
audit 
evidence 
and 
effort 
required 
to 
address 
these 
matters, 
including 
the 
extent 
of 
 specialized skill or knowledge needed. 

 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter 
included the following: 

We 
evaluated 
the 
relevance 
and 
the 
reasonableness 
of 
assumptions 
related 
to 
evaluation 
of 
the 
loan 
 portfolio, 
current 
economic 
conditions, 
and 
other 
risk 
factors 
used 
in 
development 
of 
the 
qualitative 
 factors for collectively evaluated loans. 
 
 We 
evaluated 
the 
reasonableness 
of 
assumptions 
and 
data 
used 
by 
the 
Company 
in 
developing 
the 
 qualitative factors 
by comparing 
these data 
points to 
internally developed 
and third-party 
sources, and 
 other audit evidence gathered. 
 /s/ 

We have served as the Company's 
auditor since 2015. 

March 17, 2023 

Table of Contents 
 85 
 AUBURN NATIONAL 
BANCORPORATION, 
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Assets: 
 Cash and due from banks 

Federal funds sold 

Interest bearing bank deposits 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Securities available-for-sale 

Loans held for sale 

Loans, net of unearned income 

Allowance for loan losses 
 )
 )
 Loans, net 

Premises and equipment, net 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 
 Deposits: 
 Noninterest-bearing 

Interest-bearing 

Total deposits 

Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' equity: 
 Preferred stock of 

par value; authorized 

shares; 
 issued shares - none 

Common stock of 

par value; authorized 

shares; 
 issued 

shares 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net 
 )
 
 Less treasury stock, at cost - 

shares and 

shares 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 )
 )
 Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders 
equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

Table of Contents 
 86 
 AUBURN NATIONAL 
BANCORPORATION, 
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 Year ended December 31 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Interest income: 
 Loans, including fees 

Securities: 
 Taxable 

Tax-exempt 

Federal funds sold and interest bearing bank deposits 

Total interest income 

Interest expense: 
 Deposits 

Short-term borrowings 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 
 
 )
 Net interest income after provision for loan 
losses 

Noninterest income: 
 Service charges on deposit accounts 

Mortgage lending 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Gain on sale of premises and equipment 

Other 

Securities gains, net 

Total noninterest income 

Noninterest expense: 
 Salaries and benefits 

Employee retention credit 
 )
 
 Net occupancy and equipment 

Professional fees 

FDIC and other regulatory assessments 

Other 

Total noninterest expense 

Earnings before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net earnings 

Net earnings per share: 
 Basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares 
outstanding: 
 Basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

Table of Contents 
 87 
 AUBURN NATIONAL 
BANCORPORATION, 
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Year ended December 31 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: 
 Unrealized net holding loss on securities 
 )
 )
 Reclassification adjustment for net gain on securities 

 recognized in net earnings 
 )
 )
 Other comprehensive loss 
 )
 )
 Comprehensive (loss) income 
 
 )

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

Table of Contents 
 88 
 AUBURN NATIONAL 
BANCORPORATION, 
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Accumulated 
 Common 
 Additional 
 other 
 Shares 
 Common 
 paid-in 
 Retained 

 comprehensive 
 Treasury 

(Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 Outstanding 
 Stock 
 capital 
 earnings 
 (loss) income 
 stock 
 Total 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

)

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss 

)
 
 )
 Cash dividends paid 

per share) 

)

)
 Stock repurchases 
 )

)
 )
 Sale of treasury stock 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

)

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss 

)
 
 )
 Cash dividends paid 

per share) 

)

)
 Stock repurchases 
 )

)
 )
 Sale of treasury stock 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

)
 
 )

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

Table of Contents 
 89 
 AUBURN NATIONAL 
BANCORPORATION, 
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Year ended December 31 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by 
 operating activities: 
 Provision for loan losses 
 
 )
 Depreciation and amortization 

Premium amortization and discount accretion, net 

Deferred tax expense 

Net gain on securities available for sale 
 )
 )
 Net gain on sale of loans held for sale 
 )
 )
 Net gain on other real estate owned 
 )
 
 Loans originated for sale 
 )
 )
 Proceeds from sale of loans 

Net gain on disposition of premises and equipment 
 (3,234) 
 
 Increase in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance 
 )
 )
 Net (increase) decrease in other assets 
 )
 
 Net decrease in accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 )
 )
 Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Proceeds from sales of securities available-for-sale 

Proceeds from maturities, paydowns and calls of securities available-for-sale 

Purchase of securities available-for-sale 
 )
 )
 (Increase) decrease in loans, net 
 )
 
 Net purchases of premises and equipment 
 )
 )
 (Increase) decrease in FHLB stock 
 )
 
 Purchase of New Markets Tax 
Credit investment 
 
 )
 Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 )
 
 )
 Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Net (decrease)increase in noninterest-bearing deposits 
 )
 
 Net (decrease) increase in interest-bearing deposits 
 )
 
 Net (decrease) increase in federal funds purchased and securities sold 

 under agreements to repurchase 
 )
 
 Stock repurchases 
 )
 )
 Dividends paid 
 )
 )
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 
 )

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 )

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 156,259 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 
 Cash paid during the period for: 
 Interest 

Income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash transactions: 
 Real estate acquired through foreclosure 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

Table of Contents 
 90 

million at December 31, 2019, to correspond with estimated 
 demolition dates planned as part of the redevelopment project for its 
main campus. 
This is considered a change in 
 accounting estimate, per ASC 250-10, where adjustments should be made prospectively. 
The effects of this change in 
 accounting estimate for the year ended December 31, 2021 was a decrease in net earnings 
of 

thousand, or 

per 
 share.

Table of Contents 
 91 

as a percentage of total loans at December 31, 2022 to a range between 
 
 and 
 
 of total loans upon adoption of this standard, primarily resulting from the impact of adjusting 
from the 
 incurred loss model to the expected loss model, which provides for expected 
credit losses over the life of the loan portfolio. 

 The Company does not expect to record an allowance for available-for-sale 
securities as the investment portfolio consists 
 primarily of debt securities explicitly or implicitly backed by the U.S. Government 
for which credit risk is deemed minimal. 

 The impact of ASU 2016-13 is not expected to have a material impact on the allowance 
for unfunded commitments. 
The 
 Company continues to finalize its day-one adjustment and 
will record the after-tax impact as a cumulative-effect adjustment 
 to retained earnings as of January 1, 2023. 
This estimate is subject to change as key assumptions are refined. 
The impact 
 going forward will depend on the composition, characteristics, and credit quality of the loan 
and securities portfolios as 
 well as the economic conditions at future reporting periods. 

Table of Contents 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 94 

Subsequent to the date of transfer, the Company 
has elected to measure its retained rights to service the sold mortgage 
 loans, or MSRs, under the amortization method. 
Under the amortization method, MSRs are amortized in proportion to, and 
 over the period of, estimated net servicing income. 
The amortization of MSRs is analyzed monthly and is adjusted to 
 reflect changes in prepayment speeds, as well as other factors. 
MSRs are evaluated for impairment based on the fair value 
 of those assets. 
Impairment is determined by stratifying MSRs into groupings based on predominant 
risk characteristics, 
 such as interest rate and loan type. 
If, by individual stratum, the carrying amount of the MSRs exceeds fair value, 
a 
 valuation allowance is established through a charge to earnings. 
The valuation allowance is adjusted as the fair value 
 changes. 
MSRs are included in the other assets category in the accompanying consolidated 
balance sheets. 

Table of Contents 
 95 
 
 .

Weighted average common 
shares outstanding 

Net earnings per share 

Table of Contents 
 96 

Other assets

Agency MBS (a) 

State and political subdivisions 

Total available-for-sale 

December 31, 2021 
 Agency obligations (a) 

Agency MBS (a) 

State and political subdivisions 

Total available-for-sale 

(a) Includes securities issued by U.S. government agencies or government sponsored 
entities. 
Expected lives of 
 these securities may differ from contractual maturities because issues 
may have the right to call or repay obligations 
 with or without prepayment penalties.

million and 

million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, 
 were pledged to secure public deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, 
FHLB advances, and for other 
 purposes required or permitted by law. 

 Included in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets are nonmarketable 
equity investments. 
The 
 carrying amounts of nonmarketable equity investments were 

million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 Nonmarketable equity investments include FHLB stock, Federal Reserve Bank 
stock, and stock in a privately held financial 
 institution.

Table of Contents 
 97 

Agency MBS 

State and political subdivisions 

Total 

Agency MBS 

State and political subdivisions 

Total 

Table of Contents 
 98 

Gross realized losses 
 )
 
 Realized gains, net 

Construction and land development 

Commercial real estate: 
 Owner occupied 

Hotel/motel 

Multifamily 

Other 

Total commercial real estate 

Residential real estate: 
 Consumer mortgage 

Investment property 

Total residential real estate 

Consumer installment 

Total loans 

Less: unearned income 
 )
 )
 Loans, net of unearned income 

of the total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. 
At December 31, 
 2022, the Company s geographic loan 
distribution was concentrated primarily in Lee County, 
Alabama and surrounding 
 areas. 

Table of Contents 
 99 

PPP loan with an aggregate outstanding principal balance of 

million included in this category. 
The 
 Company had 

PPP loans with an aggregate outstanding principal balance of 

million included in this category at 
 December 31, 2021. 

 Construction and land development C D 
 includes both loans and credit lines for the purpose of purchasing, 
 carrying and developing land into commercial developments or residential subdivisions. 
Also included are loans and lines 
 for construction of residential, multi-family and commercial buildings. Generally the primary 
source of repayment is 
 dependent upon the sale or refinance of the real estate collateral. 
 Commercial real estate CRE 
 includes loans disaggregated into three classes: (1) owner occupied (2) 
multi-family 
 and (3) other. 

Owner occupied
 
 includes loans secured by business facilities to finance business operations, equipment and 
 
owner-occupied facilities primarily for small and medium-sized commercial customers. 
Generally the primary source 
 
of repayment is the cash flow from business operations and activities of the borrower, 
who owns the property.

Hotel/motel 
 includes loans for hotels and motels. 
Generally, the primary source 
of repayment is dependent upon 
 
income generated from the real estate collateral. 
The underwriting of these loans takes into consideration the 

occupancy and rental rates, as well as the financial health of the borrower. 
 
Multifamily
 
 primarily includes loans to finance income-producing multi-family properties. Loans in this class 
include 
 
loans for 5 or more unit residential property and apartments leased to residents. Generally, 
the primary source of 
 
repayment is dependent upon income generated from the real estate collateral. The 
underwriting of these loans takes 
 
into consideration the occupancy and rental rates, as well as the financial health of the borrower. 
 
Other
 
 primarily includes loans to finance income-producing commercial properties. 
Loans in this class 
include loans 
 
for neighborhood retail centers, hotels, medical and professional offices, sing 
le retail stores, industrial buildings, and 
 
warehouses leased generally to local businesses and residents. Generally, 
the 
primary source of repayment is dependent 
 
upon income generated from the real estate collateral. The underwriting of these loans takes into consideration 
the 
 
occupancy and rental rates as well as the financial health of the borrower. 

 Residential real estate RRE 
 includes loans disaggregated into two classes: (1) consumer mortgage and (2) 
 investment property. 
 
Consumer mortgage
 
 primarily includes first or second lien mortgages and home equity lines to consumers 
that are 
 
secured by a primary residence or second home. These loans are underwritten in accordance 
with the Bank s general 
 
loan policies and procedures which require, among other things, proper documentation of each borrower s 
financial 
 
condition, satisfactory credit history and property value. 
 
Investment property
 
 primarily includes loans to finance income-producing 1-4 family residential properties. 
 
Generally, the primary source of repayment is dependent 
upon income generated from leasing the property securing the 
 
loan. The underwriting of these loans takes into consideration the rental rates as well as 
the financial health of the 
 
borrower. 

Table of Contents 
 100 

Construction and land development 

Commercial real estate: 
 Owner occupied 

Hotel/motel 

Multifamily 

Other 

Total commercial real estate 

Residential real estate: 
 Consumer mortgage 

Investment property 

Total residential real estate 

Consumer installment 

Total 

Construction and land development 

Commercial real estate: 
 Owner occupied 

Hotel/motel 

Multifamily 

Other 

Total commercial real estate 

Residential real estate: 
 Consumer mortgage 

Investment property 

Total residential real estate 

Consumer installment 

Total 

thousand and 

thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 
 and 2021, respectively. 

Table of Contents 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 102 

Charge-offs 

)
 )
 )
 )
 Recoveries 

Net recoveries (charge-offs) 

)
 
 )
 )
 Provision 
 )
 )
 )
 )
 )
 (600) 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 

Charge-offs 
 )

)
 )
 Recoveries 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries 
 )

)
 )
 Provision 

1,000 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

Table of Contents 
 103 

Construction and land development 

Commercial real estate 

Residential real estate 

Consumer installment 

Total 

Construction and land development 

Commercial real estate 

Residential real estate 

Consumer installment 

Total 

(1) Represents loans collectively evaluated for impairment 
in accordance with ASC 450-20, 
 Loss Contingencies
 (formerly FAS 5), and pursuant to amendments by ASU 2010-20 regarding allowance for 
unimpaired loans. 
 (2) Represents loans individually evaluated for impairment 
in accordance with ASC 310-30, 
 Receivables 
 (formerly 
 
FAS 114), and pursuant to amendments by ASU 2010-20 regarding allowance for impaired loans.

Table of Contents 
 104 

Construction and land development 

Commercial real estate: 
 Owner occupied 

Hotel/motel 

Multifamily 

Other 

Total commercial real estate 

Residential real estate: 
 Consumer mortgage 

Investment property 

Total residential real estate 

Consumer installment 

Total 

Construction and land development 

Commercial real estate: 
 Owner occupied 

Hotel/motel 

Multifamily 

Other 

Total commercial real estate 

Residential real estate: 
 Consumer mortgage 

Investment property 

Total residential real estate 

Consumer installment 

Total 

Table of Contents 
 105 
 
 )

Commercial real estate: 
 Owner occupied 
 
 )
 
 Total commercial real estate 
 
 )
 
 Total 

1,068 
 (4) 
 
 1,064 
 With allowance recorded: 
 Commercial and industrial 

Commercial real estate: 
 Owner occupied 

Total commercial real estate 

Total 

 1,495 
 
 1,495 
 505 
 Total 
impaired loans 

)

(1) Unpaid principal balance represents the contractual obligation 
due from the customer. 
 (2) Charge-offs and payments applied represents cumulative charge-offs taken, as well 
as interest payments that have been 
 applied against the outstanding principal balance. 
 (3) Recorded investment represents the unpaid principal balance 
less charge-offs and payments applied; it is shown before 
 
any related allowance for loan losses.

)
 
 Total commercial real estate 
 
 )
 
 Residential real estate: 
 Investment property 
 
 )
 
 Total residential real estate 
 
 )
 
 Total 

273 
 (24) 
 
 249 
 With allowance recorded: 
 Total 
impaired loans 

)

(1) Unpaid principal balance represents the contractual obligation 
due from the customer. 
 (2) Charge-offs and payments applied represents cumulative charge-offs taken, as well 
as interest payments that have been 
 applied against the outstanding principal balance. 
 (3) Recorded investment represents the unpaid principal balance 
less charge-offs and payments applied; it is shown before 
 
any related allowance for loan losses.

Table of Contents 
 106 

Commercial real estate: 
 Owner occupied 

Other 

Total commercial real estate 

Residential real estate: 
 Investment property 

Total residential real estate 

Total 

Table of Contents 
 107 

Total commercial real estate 

Residential real estate: 
 Investment property 

Total residential real estate 

Total 

There were no loans modified in a TDR in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture, fixtures, and equipment 

Construction in progress 

Total premises and equipment 

Less: 
accumulated depreciation 
 )
 )
 Premises and equipment, net 

million and 

million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
 respectively, and is a component of 
net occupancy and equipment expense in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
For 
 more information related to depreciation expense, please refer to Change in Accounting 
Estimate in Note 1, Summary of 
 Significant Accounting Policies.

Table of Contents 
 108 

Additions, net 

Amortization expense 
 )
 )
 Ending balance 

1,309 
 Valuation 
allowance included in MSRs, net: 
 Beginning of period 

End of period 

Fair value of amortized MSRs: 
 Beginning of period 

End of period 
 
 1,908

Weighted average 
prepayment speed (CPR) 

Discount rate (annual percentage) 

Weighted average coupon 
interest rate 

Weighted average remaining 
maturity (months) 

Weighted average servicing 
fee (basis points) 

years. 
Estimated amortization expense 
 for each of the next five years is presented below.

2024 
 
 2025 
 
 2026 
 
 2027 

Table of Contents 
 109 

2024 
 
 2025 
 
 2026 
 
 2027 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 Total certificates of deposit and 
other time deposits 

million and 

million, respectively, of certificates 
 of deposit and other time deposits were issued in denominations greater than 250 
thousand. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of deposit accounts in overdraft status that were 
reclassified to loans on the 
 accompanying consolidated balance sheets was not material.

million for both years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
On January 1, 2019, we adopted a new accounting standard 
 which required the recognition of certain operating leases on our balance sheet as lease right of 
use assets (reported as 
 component of 
 other assets and related lease liabilities (reported as a component of 
 accrued expenses and other liabilities
). 

 Aggregate lease right of use assets were 

thousand and 

thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 Aggregate lease liabilities were 

thousand and 

thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
Rent 
 expense includes amounts related to items that are not included in the determination of lease 
right of use assets including 
 expenses related to short-term leases totaling 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Lease payments under operating leases that were applied to our operating lease liability totaled 

thousand during the 
 year ended December 31, 2022. The following table reconciles future undiscounted 
lease payments due under non-
 cancelable operating leases (those amounts subject to recognition) to the aggregate operating 
lease liability as of December 
 31, 2022.

2024 
 
 2025 
 
 2026 
 
 2027 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 Total undiscounted operating 
lease liabilities 

Imputed interest 
 
 Total operating lease liabilities 
included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets 
 
 611 
 Weighted-average lease terms 
in years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

Table of Contents 
 110 

)
 Reclassification adjustment for net gain on securities recognized in net earnings 
 )
 
 )
 Other comprehensive loss 
 
 )
 
 )
 2021: 
 Unrealized net holding gain on securities 
 
 )
 
 )
 Reclassification adjustment for net gain on securities recognized in net earnings 
 )
 
 )
 Other comprehensive loss 
 
 )
 
 )

State 

Total current income tax expense 

Deferred income tax benefit: 
 Federal 

State 

Total deferred 
income tax expense 

Total income tax expense 

Table of Contents 
 111 

Income taxes at statutory rate 

Tax-exempt interest 
 )
 )
 )
 )
 State income taxes, net of 

 federal tax effect 

New Markets Tax Credit 
 )
 )
 )
 )
 Bank-owned life insurance 

)
 )
 Other 

Total income tax expense 

Unrealized loss on securities 

Accrued bonus 

Right of use liability 

Other 

Total deferred 
tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Premises and equipment 

Unrealized gain on securities 

Originated mortgage servicing rights 

Right of use asset 

New Markets Tax Credit investment 

Other 

Total deferred 
tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset 

Table of Contents 
 112 

below. 
 Deferred tax expense related to continuing operations 
 )
 )
 Stockholders' equity, for accumulated 
other comprehensive income 

Balance, end of year 

million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, 
 and are included in salaries and benefits expense.

Standby letters of credit 

Table of Contents 
 113 

million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to 
guarantee the performance of a customer 
 to a third party. 
The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same 
as that involved in extending loan 
 facilities to customers. 
The Company holds various assets as collateral, including accounts receivable, 
inventory, 
 equipment, marketable securities, and property to support those commitments 
for which collateral is deemed necessary. 

 The Company has recorded a liability for the estimated fair value of these standby letters 
of credit in the amount of 
 
 thousand and 

thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Contingent Liabilities 
 The Company and the Bank are involved in various legal proceedings, arising in 
connection with their business. 
In the 
 opinion of management, based upon consultation with legal counsel, the ultimate resolution 
of these proceeding will not 
 have a material adverse effect upon the consolidated financial 
condition or results of operations of the Company and the 
 Bank.

Table of Contents 
 114 

Agency MBS 

State and political subdivisions 

Total securities available-for-sale 

Total 
assets at fair value 

December 31, 2021: 
 Securities available-for-sale: 
 Agency obligations 

Agency MBS 

State and political subdivisions 

Total securities available-for-sale 

Total 
assets at fair value 

Table of Contents 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 116 

Other assets 
 (2)

Total assets at fair value 

December 31, 2021: 
 Loans held for sale 

Loans, net
 (1)

Other assets 
 (2)

Total assets at fair value 

(1)
 Loans considered impaired under ASC 310-10-35 Receivables. This amount reflects the recorded 
investment in 

 impaired loans, net of any related allowance for loan losses. 
 (2)
 Represents other real estate owned and MSRs, net both of which are carried at lower of cost or 
estimated fair value.

Appraisal 
 Appraisal discounts 
 
 - 

Mortgage servicing rights, net 
 
 Discounted cash flow 
 Prepayment speed or CPR 
 
 - 

Discount rate 
 
 - 

December 31, 2021: 
 Impaired loans 
 
 249 
 Appraisal 
 Appraisal discounts 
 
 - 

Other real estate owned 
 
 Appraisal 
 Appraisal discounts 
 
 - 

Mortgage servicing rights, net 
 
 Discounted cash flow 
 Prepayment speed or CPR 
 
 - 

Discount rate 
 
 - 

Table of Contents 
 117 

Financial Liabilities: 
 Time Deposits 

December 31, 2021: 
 Financial Assets: 
 Loans, net (1) 

Loans held for sale 

Financial Liabilities: 
 Time Deposits 

(1) Represents loans, net of unearned income and the allowance 
for loan losses. 
The fair value of loans was measured using an exit 
price notion.

New loans/advances 
 
 Repayments 
 )
 Loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 

million and 

million, respectively.

Table of Contents 
 118 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital 

Total Risk-Based Capital 

At December 31, 2021: 
 Tier 1 Leverage Capital 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital 
 
 16.23 

Total Risk-Based Capital 

million without prior approval of regulatory authorities. As a result of this 
 limitation, approximately 

million of the Company s investment in the Bank 
was restricted from transfer in the form 
 of dividends.

Table of Contents 
 119 

Investment in bank subsidiary 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' 
equity 

Noninterest income 

Total income 

Expense: 
 Noninterest expense 

Total expense 

Earnings before income tax expense and equity 
 in undistributed earnings of bank subsidiary 

Income tax (benefit) expense 
 )
 
 Earnings before equity in undistributed earnings 
 of bank subsidiary 

Equity in undistributed earnings of bank subsidiary 

Net earnings 

Table of Contents 
 120 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash 
 provided by operating activities: 
 Net decrease in other assets 

Net decrease in other liabilities 
 )
 )
 Equity in undistributed earnings of bank subsidiary 
 )
 )
 Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Dividends paid 
 )
 )
 Stock repurchases 
 )
 )
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 )
 )
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 )
 )
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 2,705 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Table of Contents 
 121 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS 
ON ACCOUNTING AND 
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange 
Act ), the Company s 
 management, under the supervision and with the participation of its principal executive 
and principal financial officer, 
 conducted an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, of the effectiveness 
of the Company s disclosure 
 controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange 
Act. Based on that evaluation, and the results of 
 the audit process described below, 
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
concluded that the Company s 
 disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information 
required to be disclosed in the Company s 
 reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported 
within the time periods specified in the 
 SEC s rules and regulations, and that such information 
is accumulated and communicated to the Company s 
management, 
 including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, 
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding 
 disclosure. 

 Management s Report on Internal Control 
Over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s management is responsible 
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial 
 reporting. The Company s internal 
control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s 
 management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published 
financial statements. All 
 internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. 
Therefore, even those systems determined 
 to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to 
financial statement preparation and presentation. 

 Under the direction of the Company s Chief Executive 
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, 
management has assessed the 
 effectiveness of the Company s 
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 in accordance 
with the 
 criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission COSO in Internal 
 Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management 
has concluded that such internal control 
 over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 
2022. 

 This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s 
independent registered public accounting firm 
 regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s 
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s 
 registered public accounting firm pursuant to the final rules of the Securities 
and Exchange Commission that permit the 
 Company to provide only a management s 
report in this annual report. 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the period covered by this report, there has not been any change in the Company s 
internal controls over financial 
 reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to 
materially affect, the Company s 
internal controls over 
 financial reporting. 

 ITEM 9B. 
OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. 
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORGEIN JURISDICTIONS THAT 
PREVENT INSPECTION 
 None. 

Table of Contents 
 122 
 PART 
III 
 ITEM 10. 
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Information required by this item is set forth under the headings Proposal 
One: Election of Directors - Information about 
 Nominees for Directors, and Executive Officers, Additional 
Information Concerning the Company s 
Board of 
 Directors and Committees, Executive Compensation, Audit Committee 
Report and Compliance with Section 16(a) of 
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in the Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics applicable to the Company s 
directors, officers and 
 employees, including the Company s principal executive 
officer, principal 
financial and principal accounting officer, 
 controller and other senior financial officers. The Code of Conduct and Ethics, 
as well as the charters for the Audit 
 Committee, Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee, can be found by 
 hovering over the heading About Us on the Company s 
website, 
 www.auburnbank.com
 , and then clicking on Investor 
 Relations , and then clicking on Governance Documents . 
In addition, this information is available in print to any 
 shareholder who requests it. Written requests 
for a copy of the Company s Code of Conduct and Ethics 
or the Audit 
 Committee, Compensation Committee, or Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee Charters may be sent to 
 Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc., 100 N. Gay Street, Auburn, Alabama 36830, 
Attention: Marla Kickliter, Senior Vice 
 President of Compliance and Internal Audit. Requests may also be made 
via telephone by contacting Marla Kickliter, 
 Senior Vice President of Compliance 
and Internal Audit, or Laura Carrington, Vice 
President of Human Resources, at 
 (334) 821-9200. 
 ITEM 11. 
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information required by this item is set forth under the headings Additional Information 
Concerning the Company s Board 
 of Directors and Committees Board Compensation, and Executive Officers 
in the Proxy Statement, and is incorporated 
 herein by reference. 
 ITEM 12. 
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN 
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER 
MATTERS 
 Information required by this item is set forth under the headings Proposal 
One: Election of Directors - Information about 
 Nominees for Directors and Executive Officers and Stock 
Ownership by Certain Persons in the Proxy Statement, and is 
 incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN 
RELATIONSHIPS 
AND RELATED 
TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information required by this item is set forth under the headings Additional Information 
Concerning the Company s Board 
 of Directors and Committees Committees of the Board of Directors 
Independent Directors Committee and Certain 
 Transactions and Business Relationships in the Proxy Statement, 
and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 14. 
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES 
AND SERVICES 

 Information required by this item is set forth under the heading Independent Public 
Accountants in the Proxy Statement, 
 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Table of Contents 
 123 
 PART 
IV 

ITEM 15.
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT 
SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 List of all Financial Statements 

 The following consolidated financial statements and report of independent registered 
public accounting firm of the 
 Company are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 
2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 
31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 
31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 
2022 and 
2021 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

3.1. 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. (incorporated by reference from 
 Registrant's Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2002 (File No. 000-26486)). 

3.2. 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc., adopted as of November 13, 2007 
 (incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 10-K dated March 31, 2008 (File No. 000-26486)). 

4.1. 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 

31.1 
 Certification signed by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a). 

31.2 
 Certification signed by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a). 

32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant To Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley 
 Act of 2002 by David A. Hedges, President and Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant To Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley 
 Act of 2002 by W. James Walker, IV, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension 
Schema Document 
 101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension 
Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension 
Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension 
Presentation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension 
Definition Linkbase Document 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 
 
 The certifications attached as exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 to this annual report on Form 10-K are 
 furnished to the Securities 
 and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley 
Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed 
 by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended. 

Table of Contents 
 124 
 
(c) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

 All financial statement schedules required pursuant to this item were either included 
in the financial information set 
 forth in (a) above or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted. 

ITEM 16.
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None.

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
the registrant has duly caused 
 this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of 
Auburn, State of 
 Alabama, on March 17, 2023. 

AUBURN NATIONAL 
BANCORPORATION, 
INC. 
 (Registrant) 
 By: 
 
/S/ DAVID 
A. HEDGES 
 David A. Hedges 
 President and CEO 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report 
has been signed below by the following 
 persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 
 Date 
 
/S/ DAVID 
A. HEDGES 
 David A. Hedges 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 17, 2023 
 
/S/ W. 
JAMES WALKER, 
IV 
 W. 
James Walker, 
IV 

SVP, 
Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 March 17, 2023 
 
/S/ ROBERT W. 
DUMAS 
 Robert W. 
Dumas 

 Chairman of the Board 
 March 17, 2023 
 
/S/ C. WAYNE 
ALDERMAN 
 C. Wayne Alderman 

Director 
 March 17, 2023 
 
/S/ TERRY W. 
ANDRUS 
 Terry W. 
Andrus 

Director 
 March 17, 2023 
 
/S/ J. TUTT BARRETT 
 J. Tutt Barrett 

Director 
 March 17, 2023 
 
/S/ LAURA J. COOPER 
 Laura Cooper 

Director 
 March 17, 2023 
 
/S/ WILLIAM F. HAM, 
JR. 
 William F. 
Ham, Jr. 

Director 
 March 17, 2023 
 
/S/ DAVID 
E. HOUSEL 
 David E. Housel 

Director 
 March 17, 2023 
 
/S/ ANNE M. MAY 
 Anne M. May 

Director 
 March 17, 2023 
 
/S/ EDWARD 
LEE SPENCER, III 
 Edward Lee Spencer, III 

Director 
 March 17, 2023 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 d416225dex41.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4.1 

AUBURN
NATIONAL 
BANCORPORATION, 
INC AND SUBSIDIARIES

 EXHIBIT 4.1

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF
THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

The following summarizes the terms of certain securities of Auburn National
Bancorporation, 
Inc., a Delaware corporation 
 (the Company ). The
Company s 
common stock is registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934,

 as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following summary does not
purport 
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety 
 by reference to the
Company s Certificate of Incorporation 
(as amended, the Charter and Amended and Restated Bylaws

 (as amended, the Bylaws ), each previously filed with the
U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as reference 
 to federal and
state banking laws and regulations and the Delaware General Corporations 
Law (the DGCL ).

 Authorized Capital

 The Company s authorized capital 
stock consists of 8,500,000 shares of
common stock, .01 par value per share and 
 200,000 shares of preferred stock, .01 par value per
share. 

 Common Stock

 Voting 

Rights.
 
Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share
held on all matters on 
which our 
 shareholders are entitled to vote. Directors are
elected by a majority vote, and no shareholder 
has the right to cumulative 
 voting
with respect to the election of directors. 
 Dividend
Rights.
 
Subject to the prior rights of holders of any then-outstanding shares of
preferred stock, each share of 
 common stock has equal rights to participate in dividends when, as and if
declared 
by the board of directors out of funds 
 legally available therefor.

 Liquidation
Rights.
 
Subject to the prior rights of creditors and the satisfaction of any
liquidation preference granted to the 
 holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock, if
any, 
in the event of a liquidation, the holders of common stock will 
 be entitled
to share ratably in any assets remaining after payment of all debts and other liabilities.

 Other.

Holders of common stock have no redemption or subscription, conversion 
or preemptive rights.

 Exchange and Trading
Symbol.
 
The common stock is listed for trading on the NASDAQ Global Market under
the symbol 
 AUBN. 

 Transfer Agent and
Registrar.
 
The transfer agent and registrar for the common stock is
Computershare Investor Services 
 LLC.

 Preferred Stock

 Shares of preferred stock may be issued for any purpose and in any
manner 
permitted by law, in one or 
more distinctly

 designated series, including as a dividend or for such consideration as the
board 
of directors may determine by resolution or 
 resolutions adopted from time
to time. The board of directors is expressly authorized 
to fix and state, by resolution or

 resolutions adopted from time to time prior to the issuance of any shares of a particular
series 
of preferred stock, the 
 designations, voting powers (if any), preferences,
and relative, participating, optional 
or other special rights, and

 qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. The rights of the holders of the
common 
stock will generally be subject to 
 the rights of the holders of any
existing outstanding shares of preferred 
stock with respect to dividends, liquidation

 preferences and other matters.

 As of the date hereof, the Company has no outstanding shares of preferred
stock. 

Anti-takeover Effects

 Certain provisions of the Charter and Bylaws could make a merger, 
tender offer
or proxy contest more difficult, even if 
 such events were perceived by many of shareholders as beneficial to their
interests. 
These provisions include (1) requiring, 
 under certain circumstances,
that a Business Combination (as defined in the Charter) 
be approved by (i) holders of at

 least 80 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, and (ii) by a majority of shares held by persons
other 
than Related 
 Persons (as defined in the Charter), (2)
prohibiting shareholders from removing directors 
without cause, and, in order to

 remove a director for cause, requiring approval of (i) at least 80 of the outstanding
shares 
entitled to vote and (ii) a 
 majority of shares held by persons other than
 Related Persons, (3) advance notice for nominations 
of directors and

 shareholders proposals, and (4) authority to issue blank check 
preferred 
stock with such designations, rights and 
 preferences as may be
determined from time to time by the board of directors. In addition, as a Delaware 
corporation, the

 Company is subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 
which,
in general, prevents an interested 
 shareholder, defined generally as a person
owning 
15 or more of a corporation s outstanding 
voting stock, from

 engaging in a business combination with the corporation for three years following
the 
date that person became an interested 
 shareholder unless certain specified
conditions are satisfied. 
 Restrictions on Ownership

 The ability of a third party to acquire the Company is limited under applicable U.S. banking laws and
regulations. 
The 
 Bank Holding Company Act, or BHC Act, requires any bank holding
company to obtain 
Federal Reserve approval prior to 
 acquiring, directly or
indirectly, 
5 or more of any class of voting securities of the bank holding company. 
Any company 

 (as defined in the BHC Act) other than a bank holding company would be required 
to
obtain Federal Reserve approval 
 before acquiring control of a bank holding
company. 
 Control generally means (i) the ownership or control of 25 
or

 more of a class of voting securities, (ii) the ability to elect a majority of the directors or
(iii) 
the ability otherwise to exercise 
 a controlling influence over management
and policies. A holder of 25 
or more of the outstanding common stock of a bank

 holding company, other than an individual, 
is subject to regulation and
supervision as a bank holding company 
under the 
 BHC Act. On January 30, 2020,
the Federal Reserve adopted new rules, effective September 
30, 2020 simplifying

 determinations of control of banking organizations for BHC Act purposes.

 In addition, under the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended, 
and the
Federal Reserve s regulations thereunder, 
 any person, either individually or acting through or in concert with one or more persons,
is 
required to provide notice to the 
 Federal Reserve prior to acquiring,
directly or indirectly, 
10 or more of the outstanding voting securities of a bank

 holding company, and receive 
nonobjection from the Federal Reserve. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 d416225dex211.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

AUBURN
NATIONAL 
BANCORPORATION, 
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 EXHIBIT 21.1 - SUBSIDIARIES

DIRECT
SUBSIDIARIES

JURISDICTION OF
INCORPORATION
 AuburnBank

Alabama
 INDIRECT
 SUBSIDIARIES

Banc of Auburn,
Inc.

Alabama
 Auburn
 Mortgage
Corporation

Alabama

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 d416225dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

AUBURN
NATIONAL 
BANCORPORATION, 
INC AND SUBSIDIARIES

 EXHIBIT 31.1

 CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT
TO 

 RULE 13a-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

 CERTIFICATION

 I, David A. Hedges, 
certify
that: 

 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Auburn National
Bancorporation, 
Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material 
fact or omit to state a material 
 fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under 
which such statements were made, not

 misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included 
in this report, fairly present in 
 all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the 
registrant as of, and for, the periods

 presented in this
report; 

 4. The registrant s other certifying
officer 
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and

 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control 
over financial reporting (as 
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a) 
 Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and 
procedures to be

 designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, 
including its 
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly 
during the period in 
 which this
report is being
prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal 
control over financial reporting to

 be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability 
of financial reporting 
 and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted 
 accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s 
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our

 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, 
as of the end of the period covered 
 by this report based on such
evaluation;
and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s 
internal control over financial reporting that occurred

 during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter 
(the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter 
in the case of an annual 
 report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to 
materially affect, the registrant s internal control

 over financial reporting;
and 

 5. The registrant s other certifying
officer 
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over

 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors 
and the audit committee
of the registrant s 
board of directors (or persons 
 performing the
equivalent
functions): 

a) 
 All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation 
of internal control over financial

 reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s 
ability to record, process, summarize and 
 report financial
information;
and 

b) 
 Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other 
employees who have a significant role in

 the registrant s internal control over 
financial
reporting. 

 Date: March 17, 2023

/s/ David A.
Hedges 

 President and CEO 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 d416225dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

AUBURN
NATIONAL 
BANCORPORATION, 
INC AND SUBSIDIARIES

 EXHIBIT 31.2

 CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT
TO 

 RULE 13a-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

 CERTIFICATION

 I, W. 
James
Walker, 
IV, 
certify
that: 

 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Auburn National
Bancorporation, 
Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material 
fact or omit to state a material 
 fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under 
which such statements were made, not

 misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included 
in this report, fairly present in 
 all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the 
registrant as of, and for, the periods

 presented in this
report; 

 4. The registrant s other certifying
officer 
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and

 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control 
over financial reporting (as 
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a) 
 Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and 
procedures to be

 designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, 
including its 
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly 
during the period in 
 which this
report is being
prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal 
control over financial reporting to

 be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability 
of financial reporting 
 and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted 
 accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s 
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our

 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, 
as of the end of the period covered 
 by this report based on such
evaluation; 
and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s 
internal control over financial reporting that occurred

 during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter 
(the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter 
in the case of an annual 
 report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, 
the registrant s internal control

 over financial reporting;
and 

 5. The registrant s other certifying
officer 
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over

 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors 
and the audit committee
of the registrant s 
board of directors (or persons 
 performing the
equivalent
functions): 

a) 
 All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation 
of internal control over financial

 reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s 
ability to record, process, summarize and 
 report financial
information;
and 

b) 
 Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other 
employees who have a significant role in

 the registrant s internal control over 
financial
reporting. 

 Date: March 17, 2023

/s/ W. 
James
Walker, 
IV 
 SVP, 
Chief
Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 d416225dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

AUBURN
NATIONAL 
BANCORPORATION, 
INC AND SUBSIDIARIES

 EXHIBIT 32.1

 CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Auburn National Bancorporation, 
Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the 
 period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
as 
of the date hereof (the 
 Report ), I, David A. Hedges, President
and Chief Executive Officer, 
certify, pursuant to 18 
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted

 pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) 
 The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) 
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act

 of 1934;
and 

(2) 
 The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial 
condition and

 results of operations of the
Company. 

 Date: March 17, 2023

 /s/ David A. Hedges 
 David A.
Hedges 
 President and CEO

 This certification accompanies this Annual Report and shall not be
deemed 
 filed for purposes of Section 18 of the 
 Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided 
to, and will be retained by, Auburn 
 National Bancorporation,
Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 d416225dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

AUBURN
NATIONAL 
BANCORPORATION, 
INC AND SUBSIDIARIES

 EXHIBIT 32.2

 CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Auburn National Bancorporation, 
Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the 
 period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
as 
of the date hereof (the 
 Report ), I,
W. 
James Walker, 
IV, 
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer 
, 
certify, pursuant to 18 
U.S.C. 1350, as

 adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) 
 The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) 
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act

 of 1934;
and 

(2) 
 The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial 
condition and

 results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: 
March 17,
2023 

/s/ W. James Walker, 
IV

 W. 
James Walker, 
IV

 SVP, 
Chief Financial Officer

 This certification accompanies this Annual Report and shall not be
deemed 
 filed for purposes of Section 18 of the 
 Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided 
to, and will be retained by, Auburn 
 National Bancorporation,
Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 aubn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 aubn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 aubn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 aubn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 aubn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

