<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1821812_0001213900-23-024441.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4382961</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>412005</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>896456</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>825839</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1112887</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1017167</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024441.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330123036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024441
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001821812
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				852312713
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40191
		FILM NUMBER:		23778657

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 WEST LIBERTY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-318-3629

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 WEST LIBERTY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89501

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024441.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_stratimcloudacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

To 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , 
 , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol (s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant SCAQU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 SCAQW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the Registrant s Shares of Class
A common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, at June 30, 2022 (the last
business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately . 

As of March 30, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s
Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of the Registrant s Class B common stock, par value 0.0001
per share, issued and outstanding. 

Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp. 

FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I 

1 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 

Item 1.A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 3 

Item 1.B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 38 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 38 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 38 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 38 
 
 Part II. 

39 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 39 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 41 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 41 

Item 7.A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 
 49 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 49 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 49 

Item 9.A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 49 

Item 9.B. 
 Other Information. 
 50 

Item 9.C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection. 
 50 
 
 Part III. 

51 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 51 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 60 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 60 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 62 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 65 
 
 Part IV. 

66 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 66 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 67 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that are forward-looking
and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans
and objectives of management for future operations. These statements constitute projections, forecasts and forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 will, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form
10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be
no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a
number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

our being a company with no operating history and no operating revenues; 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial Business Combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial Business
Combination (as defined below); 

our directors and officers allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business
or in approving our initial Business Combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses, including the location and industry of such target businesses; 

our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and other events
(such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities, or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases); 

the ability of our directors and officers to generate a number of potential Business Combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account
balance; 

the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance; and 

the other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or
should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

Part
I. 

References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual
Report to we, us, our or the Company are to Stratim Cloud Acquisition
Corp., a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation. References to our management or our management
team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Stratim Cloud Acquisition, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company. References to our initial stockholders refer to our Sponsor, each of our initial independent
directors and their permitted transferees. 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated on July 29, 2020, as a Delaware
corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar transaction with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). We are not limited to a particular industry
or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. Our Sponsor is Stratim Cloud Acquisition, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company. 

Our registration statement for our initial public offering was declared
effective on March 11, 2021 Initial Public Offering ). On March 16, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of
25,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the shares Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public
Shares at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000 and incurring offering costs of approximately 14,326,696,
inclusive of approximately 8,750,000 in deferred underwriting fees. We granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 3,750,000
additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we
consummated the sale of 4,666,667 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant
in a private placement Private Placement to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,000,000. 

At the closing of the Initial Public Offering on March 16, 2021, an
amount of 250,000,000 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of
the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a Trust Account (the Trust Account which has been invested in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market
fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by us. However, to mitigate the risk of us being
deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act)
and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, on March 7, 2023, the Company instructed Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds
held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account as cash items (which may be interest bearing to the extent
permitted by Continental and the applicable rules of the SEC) until the earlier of the consummation of the Company s initial Business
Combination or the Company s liquidation. 

Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application
of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds
are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. We must complete a Business Combination with one or more
target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the Trust Account (excluding the deferred
underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial
Business Combination. We will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the
outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

1 

We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash,
stock and debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation,
the Initial Public Offering, and, subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a Business Combination.
We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. Based on our business activities, we
are a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), because we have
no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. 

We will provide our holders of our outstanding Public Shares (the Public
Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination
either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The
decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely
in our discretion. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in
the Trust Account (initially 10.00 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not previously released to us to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination
with respect to our warrants. 

We will have until September 16, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination,
which date was extended from March 16, 2023, by vote of our stockholders (the Combination Period ). If we are unable to consummate
a Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and
not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by 
the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each
case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will
be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

Letter of Intent 

As previously disclosed,
on February 14, 2023, we entered into a letter of intent (the Letter of Intent with Force Pressure Control, LLC, a Texas
limited liability company and a provider of surface pressure control solutions in the oilfield services market (the Target and each of the individuals listed on the signature page of the Letter of Intent, pursuant to which we will acquire 100 of the outstanding
equity interests of the Target (the Transaction ). Consummation of this Transaction shall be subject to the execution of
a mutually satisfactory definitive agreement by the Company and the Target. Pursuant to the Letter of Intent, the parties have entered
into a period of exclusivity in order to negotiate the Company s acquisition of the Target wherein, among other things, the Company
agreed not to solicit, negotiate, conduct or commit to conduct any Competing Transaction (as defined in the Letter of Intent). Completion
of the Transaction is subject to, among other matters, the completion of due diligence, the negotiation of a definitive agreement providing
for the Transaction, satisfaction of the conditions negotiated therein and approval of the Transaction by our stockholders. There can
be no assurance that a definitive agreement will be entered into or that the proposed Transaction will be consummated. In the event that
we enter into a definitive agreement for an initial business combination, we will issue a press release and file a Current Report on Form
8-K with the SEC announcing the proposed Business Combination. 

2 

Human Capital 

We currently have two officers and do not intend to have any full-time
employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any
specific number of hours to our matters, but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we
have completed our initial Business Combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period to our Company
will vary based on the current stage of the Business Combination process. 

Item 1.A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk.
You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, including
our financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur,
our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our
securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only
ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become
important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Risks Relating to Our Consummation of or Inability to Consummate
a Business Combination 

Our Public Stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to
vote on our initial Business Combination, which means we may complete our initial Business Combination even though a majority of our Public
Stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial Business
Combination unless the Business Combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements
or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, Nasdaq rules currently allow us to engage in a
tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder approval if we were seeking to issue more
than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any Business Combination. Therefore, if we were structuring
a Business Combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares, we would seek stockholder approval of such Business
Combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder
approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us,
solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the
transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial Business Combination even
if holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock do not approve of the Business Combination we consummate. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business
Combination, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial Business Combination, regardless of how
our Public Stockholders vote. 

Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their
permitted transferees have agreed and will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their
Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them in favor of our initial Business Combination. As a result, in addition to our
initial stockholders Founder Shares, we would need 2,510 additional Public Shares, or less than one percent (assuming all
outstanding shares are voted), or 0 additional Public Shares (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are
voted), of the 6,255,019 outstanding Public Shares to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have our
initial Business Combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination, the
agreement by our initial stockholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial Business Combination will increase the
likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial Business Combination. Our other directors and
officers have also entered into the letter agreement, which imposes the same obligations on them with respect to any Public Shares
acquired by them, if any. We expect that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees will own approximately 50 of our
outstanding shares of common stock at the time of any such stockholders vote. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our
initial Business Combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholders approval will be received than would be the case if
such persons agreed to vote their Founder Shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our Public Stockholders. 

3 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding
a potential Business Combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek
stockholder approval of such Business Combination. 

Since our board of directors may complete a Business Combination without
seeking stockholder approval, Public Stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the Business Combination, unless we
seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be
at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our Public Stockholders in which we describe our initial
Business Combination. 

The ability of our Public Stockholders to redeem their shares
for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential target businesses, which may make it difficult for us to enter into
a Business Combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a Business Combination transaction agreement
with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many
Public Stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not
be able to proceed with the Business Combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter
into a Business Combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our Public Stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable Business Combination or optimize our
capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial Business Combination,
we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore, we will need to structure the transaction
based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial Business Combination agreement
requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash
at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing.
In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction
to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third-party financing
may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may
limit our ability to complete the most desirable Business Combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of
the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection
with an initial Business Combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights
will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming
stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. 

The ability of our Public Stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful
and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If our initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a
portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability
that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful increases. If our initial Business Combination is unsuccessful, you would
not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity,
you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount
per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected
in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. 

4 

The requirement that we complete our initial Business Combination
within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination and may limit
the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential Business Combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution
deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations
concerning a Business Combination will be aware that we must complete our initial Business Combination by September 16, 2023. Consequently,
such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial
Business Combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination with any target
business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time
to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive
investigation. In July 2021, the SEC charged a special purpose acquisition company for misleading disclosures, which could have been corrected
with more adequate due diligence, and obtained substantial relief against the special purpose acquisition company and its Sponsor. Although
we will invest in due diligence efforts and commit management time and resources to such efforts, there can be no assurance that our due
diligence will unveil all potential issues with a target business and that we or our Sponsor will not become subject to regulatory actions
related to such efforts. 

We may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination
within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem
our Public Shares and liquidate, in which case our Public Stockholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in
certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that we must complete our
initial Business Combination by September 16, 2023. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial Business
Combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial Business Combination may be negatively impacted by general market
conditions, volatility in the equity and debt markets and the other risks described herein including as a result of terrorist attacks,
natural disasters, global hostilities, or a significant outbreak of infectious diseases. For example, the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic continues both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments,
it could limit our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased
market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic
and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases)
may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. It may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described
in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 

If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within such
time period or during any Extension Period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the Public Shares, at a per share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each
case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case,
our Public Stockholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than 10.00 per share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants
will expire worthless. See Item 1 A Risk Factors If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust
Account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other
risk factors herein. 

Our ability to consummate a Business Combination, and any target
business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and
other events and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected and other events (such
as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect
the economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally, and the business of any potential
target business with which we consummate a Business Combination could be, or may already have been, materially and adversely affected.
Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 or other events restrict travel,
limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors, limit the ability to conduct due diligence or limit the ability of a potential
target company s personnel, vendors and services providers to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent
to which COVID-19 impacts our ability to consummate a Business Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of and perceptions to COVID-19 and its variants,
and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global
concern (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities or significant outbreaks of other infectious diseases) continue
for a prolonged period of time, our ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we
ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

5 

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent
on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased
market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Finally the COVID-19 pandemic or other events (such as terrorist attacks,
natural disasters, global hostilities or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may also have the effect of heightening
many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and
cross-border transactions. 

Our ability to
consummate a Business Combination, and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the geopolitical conditions resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia,
Belarus and related individuals and entities and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target
markets. 

The United States and
global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the invasion of Ukraine
by Russia in February 2022. In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional
military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various
sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial
institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including
the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military
conflict, increasing geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures that have been taken,
and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created
global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing
military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility
in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions
and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity
in capital markets. 

Any of the abovementioned
factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian
invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our ability to consummate a Business Combination and any target business
with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting
sanctions and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions
continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such
disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the Risk Factors section of this
Annual Report. If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate
a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be
materially adversely affected. 

In addition, the invasion
of Ukraine by Russia, and the impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory acts from Russia, could result in increased
cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination,
the Sponsor, the existing stockholders of any target company or our or their respective directors, officers, advisors or respective affiliates
may, subject to compliance with applicable laws, elect to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, which may influence the
vote on such initial Business Combination and reduce the public float of our securities. 

6 

Subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material
nonpublic information), the Sponsor, the existing stockholders of any target company or our or their respective directors, officers, advisors
or any of their respective affiliates may (i) purchase public shares from institutional and other investors (including those who vote,
or indicate an intention to vote, against any of the proposals presented at any meeting of stockholders held to approve an initial Business
Combination, or elect to redeem, or indicate an intention to redeem, public shares), (ii) enter into transactions with such investors
and others to provide them with incentives to not redeem their public shares, or (iii) execute agreements to purchase such public shares
from such investors or enter into non-redemption agreements in the future. In the event that the Sponsor, the existing stockholders of
any target company or our or their respective directors, officers, advisors or respective affiliates purchase public shares in situations
in which the tender offer rules restrictions on purchases would apply, they (a) would purchase the public shares at a price no higher
than the price offered through the Company s redemption process (i.e., approximately 10.11 per share, based on the amounts held
in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022); (b) would represent in writing that such public shares will not be voted in favor of approving
such Business Combination; and (c) would waive in writing any redemption rights with respect to the public shares so purchased. 

To the extent any such purchases by the Sponsor, the existing stockholders
of any target company or our or their respective directors, officers, advisors or respective affiliates are made in situations in which
the tender offer rules restrictions on purchases apply, the Company will disclose in a Current Report on Form 8-K prior to the meeting
of stockholders held to approve an initial Business Combination the following: (i) the number of public shares purchased outside of the
redemption offer, along with the purchase price(s) for such public shares; (ii) the purpose of any such purchases; (iii) the impact, if
any, of the purchases on the likelihood that the Business Combination will be approved; (iv) the identities of the Company securityholders
who sold to the Sponsor, the existing stockholders of any target company or our or their respective directors, officers, advisors or respective
affiliates (if not purchased on the open market) or the nature of the securityholders (e.g., 5 security holders) who sold such public
shares; and (v) the number of shares of common stock for which the Company has received redemption requests pursuant to its redemption
offer. 

The purpose of such share purchases and other transactions would be
to increase the likelihood of satisfaction of any minimum cash condition or otherwise limiting the number of public shares electing to
redeem. A purchase of warrants by the Sponsor, the existing stockholders of any target company or our or their respective directors, officers,
advisors or respective affiliates may have the effect of increasing share ownership of such target company on a fully diluted basis. 

If such transactions are effected, the consequence could be to cause
an initial Business Combination to be effectuated in circumstances where such effectuation could not otherwise occur. Consistent with
SEC guidance, purchases of shares by the persons described above would not be permitted to be voted for an initial Business Combination
and could decrease the chances that an initial Business Combination would be approved. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our securities and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem
our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares,
such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable,
when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder
fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem
its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our Public Shares
in connection with our initial Business Combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly
tender or redeem Public Shares, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem
its shares. For example, we may require our Public Stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders
or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth
in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the
proposal to approve the initial Business Combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer
agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

7 

You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors
of many other blank check companies. 

We are exempt from certain rules promulgated by the SEC related to
certain blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among
other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial Business Combination than do companies subject to
Rule 419. Moreover, if the Initial Public Offering was subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned
on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion
of our initial Business Combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination
and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to
hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A
common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other
person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act),
will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering,
which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. Your inability to redeem
the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and you could suffer a material
loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial Business Combination. As a result, you will continue to hold that number
of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition
for Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. If we are unable
to complete our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00
per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their stock, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having
a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check
companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals
and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of
companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other
resources or more local industry knowledge than we do, and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those
of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for Business Combination targets has increased
compared to recent years and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience
with completing Business Combinations. While we believe there will be numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the
net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the
acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek stockholder
approval of our initial Business Combination and we are obligated to pay cash for shares of our Class A common stock, it will potentially
reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating a Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within the required
time period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See Item 1 A Risk Factors If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than
 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

8 

Due to the number of special purpose acquisition companies, there
may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial Business Combination. This could increase the costs associated with
completing our initial Business Combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target for our initial Business Combination
and/or complete our initial Business Combination. 

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies
that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies have entered into Business Combinations with special purpose acquisition
companies, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial Business Combination, as well
as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may
be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify a suitable target for an initial Business Combination and/or
complete our initial Business Combination. 

In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies
seeking to enter into an initial Business Combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals
or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become
scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or increases in the cost of additional
capital needed to close Business Combinations or operate targets post-Business Combination. Recent increases in inflation in the United
States and elsewhere may continue to lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and may lead to
other national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate a business
combination. In addition, the continuing military incursion of Russia into Ukraine could continue to adversely impact macroeconomic conditions,
sustain regional instability and result in further economic sanctions from the U.S. and the international community in a manner that adversely
affects us and any ability to consummate an initial business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate
or frustrate our ability to find a suitable target for and/or complete our initial Business Combination. 

If the funds not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient
to allow us to operate through at least September 16, 2023, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. 

The funds available to us outside of the Trust Account may not be sufficient
to allow us to operate at least until September 16, 2023, assuming that our initial Business Combination is not completed during that
time. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans
to address this need for capital through potential loans from certain of our affiliates are discussed in Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans
to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any
such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such time. 

Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds to
pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment
or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses
from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses)
with respect to a particular proposed Business Combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we enter into a
letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required
to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for,
or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within the
required time period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the
liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See Item 1 A Risk Factors If third parties bring
claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

9 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance
could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial Business Combination. 

Recently, the market for directors and officers liability insurance
for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering
quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of
such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial Business Combination.
In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-Business
Combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable terms. Furthermore, any failure to obtain adequate
directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-Business Combination s ability to attract and
retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, after completion of any initial Business Combination,
our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to
such initial Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-Business Combination entity may
need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance
would be an added expense for the post-Business Combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an
initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in
the Trust Account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds
from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered
public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our Public Stockholders,
such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against
the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as
well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against
our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the
monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into
an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be
significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition
proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field
of potential target businesses that we might pursue. The underwriters of the Initial Public Offering will not execute agreements with
us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find
a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they
may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse
against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our Public Shares, if we have not completed our initial Business Combination
within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will
be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following
redemption. Accordingly, the per share redemption amount received by Public Stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per share initially
held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. 

10 

Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent
any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us,
or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the
Trust Account to below (1) 10.00 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date
of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may
be withdrawn to pay our taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to
the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an
executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our Company and, therefore, our Sponsor may not be able to satisfy
those obligations. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made
against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00
per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount
per Public Share in connection with any redemption of your Public Shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims
by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations
of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our Public Stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below
the lesser of: (1) 10.00 per Public Share; or (2) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the
liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn
to pay our taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor
to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf
against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in certain instances. If our independent directors choose
not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our Public Stockholders
may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to
our Public Stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their
fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our Public
Stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions
received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer 
or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders.
In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith
by paying Public Stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims
of punitive damages. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to
our Public Stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per share amount that would otherwise
be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our Public
Stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds
held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable insolvency law, and may be included in our liquidation estate and subject to
the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any liquidation claims deplete the Trust
Account, the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our Public Stockholders in connection with our liquidation would be
reduced. 

11 

If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of
the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely
restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment
company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial Business Combination and instead liquidate the Company. 

In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing,
reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment
securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated
basis. Our business will be to identify and complete an initial Business Combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business
or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan
to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

As described below, the SPAC Rule Proposals relate, among other matters,
to the circumstances in which SPACs such as the Company could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations
thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company 
under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria, including a limited time period
to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a
company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for a business combination
no later than 18 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering (the IPO Registration
Statement ). The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective
date of the IPO Registration Statement. 

There is currently some uncertainty concerning the applicability of
the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours, that does not complete its business combination within 24 months
after the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement. Although the SPAC Rule Proposals, including the proposed safe harbor rule,
have not yet been adopted, and may be adopted in a revised form, the SEC has indicated that there are serious questions concerning the
applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC that does not complete its initial Business Combination within the proposed time
frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. We do not expect to complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months of the
effective date of our IPO Registration Statement. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as
an unregistered investment company. Such a claim can be made even prior to 24 months of the effective date of our IPO Registration Statement. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company
Act, our activities would be severely restricted, including restrictions on the nature of our investments and restrictions on the issuance
of securities. In addition, we would be subject to burdensome compliance requirements for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder
our ability to complete an initial Business Combination, including registration as an investment company with the SEC, adoption of a specific
form of corporate structure and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that
we are currently not subject to. As a result, if we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we would
expect to abandon our efforts to complete an initial Business Combination and liquidate the Trust Account. We do not believe that our
principal activities will subject us to regulation as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However, if we are deemed
to be an investment company and subject to compliance with and regulation under the Investment Company Act, we would be subject to additional
regulatory burdens and expenses for which we have not allotted funds. As a result, unless we are able to modify our activities so that
we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial Business Combination and instead liquidate
the Company. Were we to liquidate, our warrants would expire worthless, and our securityholders would lose the investment opportunity
associated with an investment in the combined company, including any potential price appreciation of our securities. 

12 

To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment
company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we have instructed the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account
and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account as cash items (which may be interest bearing to the extent permitted by Continental
and the applicable rules of the SEC) until the earlier of the consummation of our initial Business Combination or our liquidation. As
a result, following the liquidation of investments in the Trust Account, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds
held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation
of the Company. 

The funds in the Trust Account were, since our initial public offering,
held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S.
government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate
the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the
Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, we have instructed Continental, the trustee with
respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and
thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account as cash items (which may be interest bearing to the extent permitted by Continental
and the applicable rules of the SEC) until the earlier of the consummation of our initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the
Company. Following such liquidation, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account. However,
interest previously earned on the funds held in the Trust Account still may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any, and certain other
expenses as permitted. As a result, the decision to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds
in the Trust Account as cash items (which may be interest bearing to the extent permitted by Continental and the applicable rules of the
SEC), combined with any permitted withdrawals of interest held in the Trust Account to pay our taxes, would reduce the dollar amount our
public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 

If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within
the required time period and are required to liquidate the Trust Account, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.11
per share (based on the amount in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022), or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of
our Trust Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we are required to liquidate, you may lose all or part of your investment
in the Company and you will not be able to realize any future appreciation in the value of your investment since an initial Business Combination
would not have been consummated, and our securityholders would lose the investment opportunity associated with an investment in the combined
company, including any potential price appreciation of our securities. 

Changes to laws or regulations or in how such laws or regulations
are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, may adversely affect our
business, including our ability to negotiate and complete an initial Business Combination. 

We are subject to the laws and regulations, and interpretations and
applications of such laws and regulations, of national, regional, state and local governments and, potentially, non-U.S. jurisdictions.
In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and potentially other legal and regulatory requirements, and our consummation
of an initial Business Combination may be contingent upon our ability to comply with certain laws, regulations, interpretations and applications
and any post-initial Business Combination company may be subject to additional laws, regulations, interpretations and applications. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, the foregoing may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation
and application may also change from time to time, and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our
ability to negotiate and complete an initial Business Combination. A failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete an initial Business
Combination. The SEC has adopted certain rules and may in the future adopt other rules which may have a material effect on our activities
and on our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination, including the SPAC Rule Proposals described below. 

13 

The SEC has recently issued
proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential initial Business Combination target,
or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete an initial
Business Combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial Business Combination. The need for compliance
with the SPAC Rule Proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than
we might otherwise choose. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued
proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals relating to, among other things, disclosures in SEC filings in connection with
business combination transactions between SPACs such as us and private operating companies; the financial statement requirements applicable
to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination
transactions; the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs
could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act ), including a proposed
rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s
duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The SPAC Rule Proposals have not yet been adopted, and may be adopted in
the proposed form or in a different form that could impose additional regulatory requirements on SPACs. Certain of the procedures that
we, a potential initial Business Combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals,
or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Rule Proposals, may increase the costs and time of negotiating and completing
an initial Business Combination, and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial Business Combination. The
need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate the Company at
an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. Were we to liquidate, our warrants would expire worthless, and our securityholders would
lose the investment opportunity associated with an investment in the combined company, including any potential price appreciation of our
securities. 

We may not be able to complete an initial Business Combination
with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory
authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations. 

Certain acquisitions or initial Business Combinations may be subject
to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations. In the event that such regulatory
approval or clearance is not obtained, or the review process is extended beyond the period of time that would permit an initial Business
Combination to be consummated with us, we may not be able to consummate an initial Business Combination with such target. In addition,
regulatory considerations may decrease the pool of potential target companies we may be willing or able to consider. 

Among other things, the U.S. Federal Communications Act prohibits
foreign individuals, governments, and corporations from owning more than a specified percentage of the capital stock of a broadcast, common
carrier, or aeronautical radio station licensee. In addition, U.S. law currently restricts foreign ownership of U.S. airlines.
In the United States, certain mergers that may affect competition may require certain filings and review by the Department of Justice
and the Federal Trade Commission, and investments or acquisitions that may affect national security are subject to review by the Committee
on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ). CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain
transactions involving foreign investment in the United States by foreign persons in order to determine the effect of such transactions
on the national security of the United States. 

Outside the United States, laws or regulations may affect our
ability to consummate an initial Business Combination with potential target companies incorporated or having business operations in jurisdictions
where national security considerations, involvement in regulated industries (including telecommunications), or in businesses where a country s
culture or heritage may be implicated. 

14 

U.S. and foreign regulators generally have the power to deny the
ability of the parties to consummate a transaction or to condition approval of a transaction on specified terms and conditions, which
may not be acceptable to us or a target. In such event, we may not be able to consummate a transaction with that potential target. 

As a result of these various restrictions, the pool of potential targets
with which we could complete an initial Business Combination may be limited. Moreover, the process of government review, whether by CFIUS
or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our initial Business Combination, our failure to obtain
any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public stockholders may only
receive 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. This will also cause you to lose any
potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation
in the combined company. 

If we have not completed our initial Business Combination by
September 16, 2023, our Public Stockholders may be forced to wait beyond September 16, 2023 before redemption from our Trust Account. 

If we have not completed our initial Business Combination by September
16, 2023, we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to 10,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), pro rata to our Public Stockholders by way of redemption
and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. Any redemption of Public Stockholders
from the Trust Account shall be effected automatically by function of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation prior to any
voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our
Public Stockholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution are subject in each case to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In that case, investors
may be forced to wait beyond September 16, 2023, before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them and they
receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors
prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial Business Combination or amend certain
provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and then only in cases where investors have properly sought to redeem
their shares of Class A common stock. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will Public Stockholders be entitled to distributions
if we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period and do not amend certain provisions of our Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation prior thereto. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties
against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ),
stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a
dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our Public Stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares
in the event we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the required time period may be considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it
makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought
against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting
period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our
Public Shares as soon as reasonably possible following September 16, 2023, (or the end of any Extension Period) in the event we do not
complete our initial Business Combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. 

Because we do not intend to comply with Section 280, Section 281(b)
of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and
pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we
are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses
to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, consultants, etc.) or prospective
target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to
a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed
to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot
assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially
be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend
beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our Public Stockholders
upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the required time period
is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant
to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution,
instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

15 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after
the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Holders of our Class A common stock will not have the right to elect or remove directors
prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination. 

Pursuant to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
prior to the closing of the initial Business Combination, the holders of our Class B common stock will have the exclusive right to elect,
remove and replace any director. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual
meeting until one year after our first fiscal year-end following our listing on Nasdaq and thus may not be in compliance with Section
211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting of stockholders be held for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with
a company s bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want
us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of our initial Business Combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by
submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders
and their permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our initial Business Combination, and the future exercise of such
rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection
with the Initial Public Offering, at or after the time of our initial Business Combination, our initial stockholders and their permitted
transferees can demand that we register the resale of their Founder Shares after those shares convert to shares of our Class A common
stock. In addition, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Private Placement Warrants
and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued
upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant
number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition,
the existence of the registration rights may make our initial Business Combination more costly or difficult to complete. This is because
the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration
to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the common stock owned by our initial
stockholders or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants owned by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees or warrants
issued in connection with working capital loans are registered for resale. 

We are not limited to evaluating target businesses in a particular
industry and you may be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. 

We may seek to complete a Business Combination with an operating company
in any industry or sector, but we will not, under our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our
initial Business Combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. To the extent we complete
our initial Business Combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For
example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be
affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers
and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some
of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely
impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable
to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a target business. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant
holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the
value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

16 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in acquisition targets
that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We will consider a Business Combination outside of our
management s areas of expertise if such Business Combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate
offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our Company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in any particular Business Combination candidate, we may not adequately ascertain or assess all of the risks. An investment in our
securities may ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a
Business Combination candidate. 

In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of our management s
expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and our management s
expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able
to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors relevant to such acquisition. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant
holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial Business Combination could suffer a
reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Any due diligence in connection with an initial Business Combination
may not reveal all relevant considerations or liabilities of a target business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The due diligence undertaken with respect to a potential initial Business
Combination may not reveal all relevant facts that may be necessary to evaluate such transaction or to formulate a business strategy.
Furthermore, the information provided during due diligence may not be adequate or accurate. As part of the due diligence process, we will
also make subjective judgments regarding the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of a potential initial Business
Combination, and these judgments may be inaccurate. 

Due diligence conducted in connection with an initial Business Combination
may not result in the initial Business Combination being successful. If the due diligence investigation fails to identify material information
regarding an opportunity, or if we consider such material risks to be commercially acceptable relative to the opportunity, and we proceed
with an initial Business Combination, the Company may subsequently incur substantial impairment charges or other losses. In addition,
following an initial Business Combination, we may be subject to significant, previously undisclosed liabilities of the acquired business
that were not identified during due diligence and which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that
we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial Business Combination with a target
that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination
may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating
prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination will not
have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet some or all of
these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general
criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business Combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria
and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any
closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder
approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business
or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination if the target business
does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within the required time
period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

17 

We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company,
a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile
revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. 

To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination with an
early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected
by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without
a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties
in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular
target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time
to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce
the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We may engage one or more of our underwriters from our Initial
Public Offering or any of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as financial advisor
in connection with an initial Business Combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters
are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the Trust Account only on the completion of an initial Business
Combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services
to us after the Initial Public Offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial Business
Combination. 

We may engage one or more of our underwriters or any of their respective
affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services,
acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable
fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled
to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial Business Combination. The underwriters or
their respective affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of a Business Combination transaction may give rise to
potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection
with the sourcing and consummation of an initial Business Combination. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm regarding fairness, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an
independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial Business Combination with an affiliated
entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent
accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders
will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted
by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable,
related to our initial Business Combination. 

We may issue additional shares of Class A common stock or preferred
stock to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business Combination.
We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at
the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the
issuance of up to 75,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2022,
there were 25,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock and 6,250,000 shares of our Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Additionally,
as of December 31, 2022, there were 8,333,333 public warrants and 4,666,667 private placement warrants outstanding, each exercisable for
one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50. Shares of Class B common stock are automatically convertible into shares
of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial Business Combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment
as set forth herein. As of December 31, 2022, there were no preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

18 

We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common
stock and may issue shares of preferred stock, in order to complete our initial Business Combination (including pursuant to a specified
future issuance) or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue shares of
Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business
Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. However, our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial Business Combination, we may
not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the Trust Account or (2)
vote as a class with our Public Shares (a) on any initial Business Combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a Business Combination beyond September 16, 2023, or (y) amend
the foregoing provisions. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of public investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in
the Founder Shares resulted in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the
Founder Shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common
stock; 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability
to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person
seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A common stock and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with
our initial Business Combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on stockholders or warrant holders. 

We may effect a Business Combination with a target company in another
jurisdiction, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located, or reincorporate in another jurisdiction.
Such transactions may result in tax liability for a stockholder or warrant holder in the jurisdiction in which the stockholder or warrant
holder is a tax resident (or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity), in which the target company is located,
or in which we reincorporate. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to pay such taxes. Stockholders or warrant holders may be
subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are
not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we
are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire
worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business
and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial
management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial
Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if
we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial Business Combination for any number
of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially
adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial Business
Combination within the required time, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

19 

We may engage in a Business Combination with one or more target
businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors which may raise potential
conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, officers and directors
with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, officers and directors. Our officers
and directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for
Business Combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated
entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a Business Combination
and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite any agreement to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to
our Company from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated
with our Sponsor, officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the Business Combination
may not be as advantageous to our Company and our Public Stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment
in us if our initial Business Combination is not completed (other than with respect to Public Shares they may acquire), a conflict of
interest may arise in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial Business Combination. 

Our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees collectively
hold 6,250,000 Founder Shares as of the date of this Annual Report, including 4,889,500 held by our Sponsor. The Founder Shares will be
worthless if we do not complete an initial Business Combination. In addition, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,666,667 Private
Placement Warrants, each exercisable for one share of our Class A common stock, for a purchase price of 7,000,000 in the aggregate, or
 1.50 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a Business Combination. Each Private Placement Warrant may be exercised
for one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. 

The Founder Shares are identical to the shares of common stock included
in the Units, except that: (1) the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions; (2) our Sponsor, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to: (a) waive their redemption rights with respect to
their Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them, as applicable, in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination;
(b) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions
in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not consummate our initial Business
Combination by September 16, 2023, or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business
Combination activity; and (c) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares
they hold if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination by September 16, 2023 (although they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination
within the prescribed time frame); (3) the Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time
of our initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to
certain anti-dilution rights, as described in more detail below; and (4) the Founder Shares are entitled to registration rights. In addition,
our other directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, which imposes the same obligations on them with respect
to any Public Shares acquired by them. If we submit our initial Business Combination to our Public Stockholders for a vote, our initial
stockholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees have agreed and will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered
into with us, to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in
favor of our initial Business Combination. 

The personal and financial interests of our Sponsor, officers and directors
may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target Business Combination, completing an initial Business Combination
and influencing the operation of the business following the initial Business Combination. This risk may become more acute as the deadline
to complete our initial Business Combination nears. 

20 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur
substantial debt, to complete a Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively
impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

We may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial Business
Combination and affiliates of Stratim Capital, LLC could potentially provide such financing. We have agreed that we will not incur any
indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held
in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless,
the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our
debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach
certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing
while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for
dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government
regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements,
execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able to complete one Business Combination with
the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent
on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may materially negatively impact
our operations and profitability. 

We may effectuate our initial Business Combination with a single target
business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our
initial Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting
issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the
financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial Business
Combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous financial, economic, competitive and regulatory
risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses,
unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several Business Combinations in different industries or different areas
of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property
or asset, or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous financial,
economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in
which we may operate subsequent to our initial Business Combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete Business Combinations
with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and give rise to increased
costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

21 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are
owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous
closings of the other Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial Business
Combination. With multiple Business Combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect
to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated
with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business.
If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial Business Combination with
a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as
profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our
initial Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and
we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial Business Combination on the basis of limited information,
which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The
absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial Business Combination with which a substantial
majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation does not provide
a specified maximum redemption threshold, though there may be a net tangible asset or cash requirement contained in any agreement relating
to our initial Business Combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial Business Combination even though a substantial
majority of our Public Stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval
of our initial Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the
tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors
or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that
are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed
Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any
shares, all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an
alternate Business Combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial Business Combination, blank
check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant
agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or governing instruments
in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial Business Combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate an initial Business Combination, blank check
companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant
agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of Business Combination, increased redemption thresholds extended
the time to consummate an initial Business Combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require
the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing
instruments, including the warrant agreement, or further extend the time to consummate an initial Business Combination in order to effectuate
our initial Business Combination. 

22 

Certain provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation that relate to our pre-Business Combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release
of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock, which is
a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation to facilitate the completion of an initial Business Combination that some of our stockholders may
not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter
which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-Business Combination
activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s stockholders. In those companies, amendment of these
provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares. Our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-Business Combination activity (including the requirement
to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and sale of the Private Placement Warrants into the Trust Account and not release such
amounts except in specified circumstances) may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our common stock who attend and vote
in a stockholder meeting, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may
be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock. In all other instances, our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation provides that it may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock, subject to applicable provisions
of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Unless specified in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws, or
as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock
that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders, and, prior to our initial Business Combination, the
affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock is required to approve the election or
removal of directors. Our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, who collectively beneficially own approximately 50 of
our outstanding common stock, may participate in any vote to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and/or trust
agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation which govern our pre-Business Combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies,
and this may increase our ability to complete our initial Business Combination with which you do not agree. 

Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written
agreement, that they will not propose any amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares
if we do not complete our initial Business Combination by September 16, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless we provide our Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares
of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. These agreements are contained in a letter
agreement that we have entered into with our Sponsor, officers and directors. Our Public Stockholders are not parties to, or third-party
beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, officers or directors
for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative
action, subject to applicable law. 

Certain agreements related to the Initial Public Offering may
be amended without stockholder approval. 

Certain agreements, including the letter agreement among us and our
Sponsor, officers and directors, and the registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders, may be amended without stockholder
approval. These agreements contain various provisions, including transfer restrictions on our Founder Shares, that our Public Stockholders
might deem to be material. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to
our initial Business Combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its
fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial Business
Combination. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial Business
Combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our
initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon
a particular Business Combination. 

If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of
the Private Placement Warrants available to us prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial Business Combination,
the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of
shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or the terms of negotiated transactions
to purchase shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon
the proposed Business Combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent
that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial Business Combination, we would be compelled to
either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. 

23 

In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete
our initial Business Combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to
secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of
our officers, directors or stockholders or any of their respective affiliates, including Stratim Capital, LLC, is required to provide
any financing to us in connection with or after our initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination
within the required time period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our Trust Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on
actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees collectively
own approximately 50 of our outstanding common stock. As a result of their substantial ownership in our Company, our initial stockholders
and their permitted transferees may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner
that you do not support, including amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and approval of major corporate
transactions. Our initial stockholders will exert significant influence over actions requiring a stockholder vote at least until the completion
of our initial Business Combination. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

Unlike most blank check companies, if 

we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the
closing of our initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common
stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any
such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates,
as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), 

the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
for the funding of our initial Business Combination on the date of the completion of our initial Business Combination (net of redemptions),
and 

the volume weighted average trading price of our shares of Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20
per share, costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with commercial and legal requirements
of overseas markets, 

then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price
applicable to our warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price applicable to our warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be
equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business
Combination with a target business. 

Our warrants and Founder Shares may have an adverse effect on
the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial Business Combination. 

We have issued warrants to purchase 8,333,333 shares of our Class A
common stock, at a price of 11.50 per whole share (subject to adjustment), as part of the Units and, simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we issued in the Private Placement an aggregate of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable
to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Our initial stockholders and their
permitted transferees currently hold 6,250,000 Founder Shares. The Founder Shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our Sponsor, an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain
of our officers and directors make any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price
of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. To the extent we
issue shares of Class A common stock to effectuate our initial Business Combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number
of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition
vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce
the value of the Class A common stock issued to complete the Business Combination. Therefore, our warrants and Founder Shares may make
it more difficult to effectuate a Business Combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

24 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as
part of the Units except that, so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees: (1) they will not be redeemable by
us (except under certain limited exceptions); (2) they (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may
not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our
initial Business Combination; (3) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis; and (4) they (including the shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights. The Private Placement Warrants will not
vote on any amendments to the warrant agreement. 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business
financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial Business Combination with some prospective
target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect
to a vote on a Business Combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement
disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents,
whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial
reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some
targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal
proxy rules and complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make
it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial Business Combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase
the time and costs of completing an initial Business Combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and
report on our system of internal controls. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and
no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm
attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance
with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business
with which we seek to complete our initial Business Combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such initial Business Combination. 

Data privacy and security breaches, including, but not limited
to, those resulting from cyber incidents or attacks, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses and/or misplaced or lost data, could
result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption, reputational harm, criminal liability and/or financial loss. 

In searching for targets for our initial Business Combination, we may
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of
third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or privacy and security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information, and sensitive or confidential data, including certain health information protected under the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, and other laws. As an early stage company without significant investments in data privacy or
security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences and therefore could be liable for privacy and security
breaches, including potentially those caused by any of our subcontractors. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect
against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents or other incidents that result in a privacy or security
breach. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead
to reputational harm, criminal liability and/or financial loss. 

If our management team pursues a company with operations or opportunities
outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing
to and completing such combination, and if we effect such initial Business Combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional
risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If our management team pursues a company with operations or opportunities
outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border Business
Combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial Business Combination, conducting due
diligence in a foreign market, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase
price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

25 

If we effect our initial Business Combination with such a company,
we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including
any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with commercial and legal requirements
of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future Business Combinations may be effected; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax consequences, such as tax law changes, including termination or reduction of tax and other incentives that the applicable government
provides to domestic companies, and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls, including devaluations and other exchange rate movements; 

rates of inflation, price instability and interest rate fluctuations; 

liquidity of domestic capital and lending markets; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

energy shortages; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, wars and other forms of social instability; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; 

obligatory military service by personnel; and 

government appropriation of assets. 

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If
we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such combination or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer,
either of which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial Business Combination,
we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of
your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with
which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with a particular target
business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside
of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down
or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even
if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a
manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact
on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities.
In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming
pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders
or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction
in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

26 

After our initial Business Combination, our results of operations
and prospects could be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political, social and government policies, developments and
conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government
policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically
and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy
experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease
in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with
which to consummate our initial Business Combination and if we effect our initial Business Combination, the ability of that target business
to become profitable. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target
business after our initial Business Combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management
will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial Business Combination so that the post-transaction
company in which our Public Stockholders own shares will own or acquire less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of
a target business, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us
not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does
not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the
target, our stockholders prior to our initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post Business Combination
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target,
or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial Business Combination. In such cases,
we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock,
our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent
to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or
group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that
our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective
target business and, as a result, may complete our initial Business Combination with a target business whose management may not have the
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of completing our initial Business
Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack
of time, resources or information. 

Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management,
therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder
or warrant holder following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders
or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon
completion of our initial Business Combination. The departure of a Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon
the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of
an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial Business
Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

After our initial Business Combination, it is possible that a
majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all or substantially all of our assets will be located
outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after our initial Business Combination, a majority
of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all or substantially all of our assets will be located outside
of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their
legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated
upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

27 

If our management following our initial Business Combination
is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead
to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial Business Combination, any or all of our management
could resign from their positions as officers of the Company, and the management of the target business at the time of the Business Combination
could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S. securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar
with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming
and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

Risks Relating to Our Management Team 

We are dependent upon our directors and officers and their departure
could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals
and in particular, we believe that our success depends on the continued service of our directors and officers, at least until we have
completed our initial Business Combination. In addition, our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of
time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including
identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. For a discussion of certain of our directors 
and officers other business endeavors, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
Moreover, certain of our directors and officers have time and attention requirements for investment funds of which affiliates of our Sponsor
are the investment managers. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or
officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination
and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial
Business Combination. The loss of our or a target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination
is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be
ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following
our initial Business Combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we
intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial Business Combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment
of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated
by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

In addition, the directors and officers of an acquisition candidate
may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The departure of a Business Combination target s key personnel could
negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key
personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial
Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The
loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements
with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
Business Combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with the Company after the
completion of our initial Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with
the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the Business Combination and could
provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render
to us after the completion of the Business Combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion
of our initial Business Combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential
Business Combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial
Business Combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us.
The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination. 

28 

Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other
businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of
interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. 

Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit
their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our consummation
of a Business Combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our
initial Business Combination. Each of our officers and our Chairman is engaged in other business endeavors for which he may be entitled
to substantial compensation or other economic benefit and our officers and our Chairman are not obligated to contribute any specific number
of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors may also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers 
and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial Business Combination. For a discussion of our officers and directors other business endeavors, please see Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them
may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and,
accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial Business Combination, we intend to
engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our Sponsor and Certain of our officers and directors
are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. Our Sponsor and officers
and directors are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies,
including in connection with their initial Business Combinations, prior to us completing our initial Business Combination, and any such
involvement may result in conflicts of interests as described above. Moreover entities in which our officers and directors are affiliated
with may enter into agreements or other arrangements with businesses, which agreements or arrangements may limit or restrict our ability
to enter into a Business Combination with such business. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in
the future may further have, additional, fiduciary, contractual or other interests, obligations or duties to one or more entities pursuant
to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entities. Our officers
and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to
which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties or otherwise have an interest in, including Stratim Capital, LLC and any other
special purpose acquisition company in which they may become involved with. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business
Combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has then-current fiduciary, contractual or other
interests, obligations, or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such Business Combination opportunity
to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity
to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its
presentation to us. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue. 

For a complete discussion of our officers and directors 
business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions
 Support Services Agreement. 

Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective
affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors,
officers, security holders, or their respective affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment
to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a Business
Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or officers. Nor do we have a policy that expressly
prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such
persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

In particular, affiliates of our Sponsor have invested in a diverse
set of industries. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable Business Combination for us
and companies that would make an attractive target for such other affiliates. 

In addition, our officers or directors may be investors, or have other
direct or indirect interests, in a business with which we may enter into a Business Combination agreement and/or in certain funds or other
persons that may purchase shares of our Class A common stock. 

Our Sponsor, officers, directors and any of their respective affiliates
may sponsor or form, or, in the case of individuals, serve as a director or officer of, other blank check companies similar to ours during
the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in
pursuing an acquisition target. 

29 

Past performance by any member or members of our management team
and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with,
members of our management team and their respective affiliates, including Stratim Capital, LLC, is presented for informational purposes
only. Any past experience and performance, including related to acquisitions, of members of our management team and their respective affiliates,
including Stratim Capital, LLC, is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify and execute a transaction
with a suitable candidate for our initial Business Combination; or (2) success with respect to any initial Business Combination we may
consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s or their affiliates performance, including
that of Stratim Capital, LLC, as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to,
generate going forward. An investment in us is not an investment in Stratim Capital, LLC or any of its funds. 

Members of our management team and board of directors have significant
experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies. Certain of those persons have been, may be,
or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including related to those companies or otherwise. This may
have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

During the course of their careers, members of our management team
and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies.
Certain of those persons have been, may be or may in the future become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including
relating to the business affairs of such companies, transactions entered into by such companies, or otherwise. 

Any litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert the
attention and resources of our management team and board of directors away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses
for our initial Business Combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial Business
Combination. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust
Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares
or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our Public Stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the
Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of our initial Business Combination, and then only in connection
with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein;
(2) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection with our initial Business
Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination by September 16, 2023 or (B)
with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; and (3) the redemption
of all of our Public Shares if we have not completed our initial Business Combination by September 16, 2023, subject to applicable law.
In addition, if we are unable to complete an initial Business Combination by September 16, 2023, for any reason, compliance with Delaware
law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds
held in our Trust Account. In that case, Public Stockholders may be forced to wait beyond September 16, 2023, before they receive funds
from our Trust Account. In no other circumstances will a Public Stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust
Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly,
to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange,
which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed
on Nasdaq. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial Business Combination, we must maintain certain financial,
distribution and stock price levels. In general, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders equity (generally 2,500,000)
and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 round-lot holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial Business
Combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the applicable exchange s initial listing requirements, which are
more rigorous than continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

30 

If any of our securities are delisted from trading on its exchange
and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter
market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common
stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for
our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a
federal statute, prevents or pre-empts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered
securities. Our Units, Class A common stock and warrants currently qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the
states are pre-empted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies
if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered
securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities
issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably
and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states.
Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would
be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, which may negatively impact our ability to consummate our initial
Business Combination. 

You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we
register and qualify the issuance of the underlying shares of Class A common stock or certain exemptions are available. 

Pursuant to terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed, as soon
as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial Business Combination, we will use our commercially
reasonable efforts to file a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial Business Combination and to maintain
the effectiveness of such registration statement and current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants
expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise that represent a
fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated
by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the issuance of the shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to
permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis,
and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon
such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder or an exemption from registration
is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national
securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in
effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities
or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants
under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not
so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise
such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a
purchase of Units will have paid the full Unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units. There
may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our Private Placement Warrants to exercise their warrants
while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of Units. In such an instance, our
Sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell
the common stock underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell
the underlying common stock. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable
to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result,
we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. 

31 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be
adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result,
the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the warrants could be converted into cash or stock, the exercise period could
be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without
your approval. 

Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the
warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval
by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the
registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders
of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public
warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments
to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period
or decrease the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Because each Unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant
and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. 

Each Unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to
the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole warrants will trade. This is
different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of Class A common stock and one whole warrant or a greater
fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the Units in this way in order to reduce
the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a Business Combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate
for one-third of the number of shares compared to Units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us,
we believe, a more attractive Business Combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this Unit structure may cause our Units
to be worth less than if they included one whole warrant or a greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after
they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, if among other things, the last reported sale
price of shares of Class A common stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to
the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds
 18.00 per share (as adjusted). If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are
unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem
the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants
as described above could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous
for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3)
accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially
less than the market value of your warrants. 

In addition, we may redeem your warrants after they become exercisable
for 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise
their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value
of our Class A common stock. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption described above. In addition, such
redemption may occur at a time when the warrants are out-of-the-money, in which case you would lose any potential embedded
value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Class A common stock had your warrants remained outstanding. 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions
and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i)
any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities
Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement
do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district
courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest
in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any
action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than
a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions
(an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action
by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

32 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability
to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively,
if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified
types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and may result in a diversion of the time
and resources of our management and board of directors. 

Provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class
A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions
that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include
the ability of our board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, and the fact that prior to the
completion of our initial Business Combination only holders of our shares of Class B common stock, which may make more difficult the removal
of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our
securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law,
which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may
discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Since only holders of our Founder Shares and alignment shares
will have the right to appoint directors prior to our initial Business Combination, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company 
within the meaning of Nasdaq s rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements
that would otherwise provide protection to stockholders of other companies. 

Only holders of our Founder Shares and alignment shares will have the
right to appoint directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq s
corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for
the election of directors is held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not
to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under Nasdaq rules; 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing
the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we have independent director oversight of our director nominations. 

We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with
the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize
some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all
of Nasdaq s corporate governance requirements. 

33 

The value of the Founder Shares following completion of our initial
Business Combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our ordinary
shares at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Our initial stockholders have invested in us an aggregate of 7,025,000,
comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the Founder Shares and the 7,000,000 purchase price for the Private Placement Warrants. Assuming
a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, the 6,250,000 Founder Shares would have an
aggregate implied value of 62,500,000. Even if the trading price of our ordinary shares were as low as 1.13 per share, and the Private
Placement Warrants were worthless, the value of the Founder Shares would be equal to the Sponsor s initial investment in us. As
a result, our Sponsor is likely to be able to make a substantial profit on its investment in us at a time when our Public Shares have
lost significant value and our warrants are worthless. Accordingly, our management team, some of whom own interests in our Sponsor, may
be more willing to pursue a business combination with a riskier or less-established target business than would be the case if our Sponsor
had paid the same per share price for the Founder Shares as our Public Stockholders paid for their Public Shares. 

General Risk Factors 

We have no operating revenues, and you have no basis on which
to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which
to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses.
We may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. If we fail to complete our initial Business Combination, we will never
generate any operating revenues. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company
within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging
growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult
to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning
of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders
may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although
circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of
the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these
exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices
of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading
prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth
companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that
have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange
Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to
opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election
to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued
or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new
or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements
with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the
extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

34 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last
day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the
end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that fiscal
year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison
of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation designates
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be
initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with
our Company or our Company s directors, officers or other employees. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that,
unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our Company,
(2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of our Company to our Company
or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against our Company or
any director or officer of our Company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
or our bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of our Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine
except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim (a) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable
party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (b) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or
forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (c) for which the Court of Chancery and the U.S. federal district court for the District of
Delaware does not have subject matter jurisdiction, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District
of Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive
forum. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Additionally, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the
Securities Act against us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or agents. Section 22 of the Securities Act, however, created
concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities
Act or the rules and regulation thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and
the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings.
While the Delaware courts have determined that such exclusive forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek
to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions
will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities
shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
however, we note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Although
we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to
which it applies, the provision may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us and
may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

35 

If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum
provisions is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a foreign action in the name of
any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement
action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such enforcement action by service upon such stockholder s
counsel in the foreign action as agent for such stockholder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may make it more costly for a stockholder
to bring a claim, and it may also limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with our Company or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court
were to find this provision of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one
or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other
jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a
diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes
in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

On April 12, 2021, the staff of the SEC issued a public statement regarding
the accounting and reporting considerations for warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies entitled Staff Statement
on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the
 SEC Statement ). Specifically, the SEC Statement focused on certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender
offers following a Business Combination, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our Warrants. As
a result of the SEC Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our 8,333,333 public warrants and 4,666,667 Private Placement
Warrants, and determined to classify the Warrants as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period
reported in earnings. 

As a result, included on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022
are derivative liabilities related to embedded features contained within our warrants. Accounting Standards Codification 815, Derivatives
and Hedging, provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a resulting
non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement of operations. As a result
of the recurring fair value measurement, our consolidated financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based
on factors, which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains
or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. The impact of changes in
fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. 

36 

We previously identified a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting,
we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us
and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We have previously identified a material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex financial instruments and corporate governance as described herein. A material
weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected
on a timely basis. 

If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such
newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could
result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance
with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements,
investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures
we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

We may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

As a result of the previously disclosed material weakness, certain
restatements of our prior financials, and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential for litigation
or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other
claims arising from the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements.
As of the date of this Annual Report, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that
such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete a Business Combination. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 402,000 cash in hand,
and negative working capital of approximately 49,503 (not taking into account tax obligations of approximately 659,000 that may be paid
using investment income earned in Trust Account). Further, we have incurred, expect to continue to incur, significant costs in pursuit
of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need are discussed under Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial Business
Combination may not be successful. The deadline for us to complete our initial Business Combination is September 16, 2023 (which was extended
from March 16, 2023 by vote of our stockholders). These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern for a period of time which is considered to be one year from the issuance of these financial statements. The financial
statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as
a going concern. Management plans to complete a business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. 

37 

A 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed
on us in connection with our redemptions of our shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or other stockholder vote pursuant
to which stockholders would have a right to submit their shares for redemption. 

Pursuant to the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act ),
commencing in 2023, a 1 U.S. federal excise tax is imposed on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded
domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation and not on its stockholders. The amount of the excise tax is equal to 1 of the fair market value of the
shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted
to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable
year. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury Department has authority to promulgate regulations and provide
other guidance regarding the excise tax. In December 2022, the Treasury Department issued Notice 2023-2, indicating its intention to propose
such regulations and issuing certain interim rules on which taxpayers may rely (the Notice ). Under the interim rules, liquidating
distributions made by publicly traded domestic corporations are exempt from the excise tax. In addition, any redemptions that occur in
the same taxable year as a liquidation is completed will also be exempt from such tax. Accordingly, redemptions of our public shares may
subject us to the excise tax, unless one of the two exceptions above apply, including redemptions in connection with an initial Business
Combination and any amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the time to consummate an initial Business
Combination, unless an exemption is available. Consequently, the value of your investment in our securities may decrease as a result of
the Excise Tax. In addition, the Excise Tax may make a transaction with us less appealing to potential business combination targets, and
thus, potentially hinder our ability to enter into and consummate an initial Business Combination. 

The failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could have
an adverse effect on our financial condition. 

We currently have cash and cash equivalents deposited in financial institutions
significantly in excess of federally insured levels, including the funds in our Trust Account, which are currently being held as cash
items (which may be interest bearing to the extent permitted by Continental and the applicable rules of the SEC). If any of the financial
institutions in which we have deposited funds ultimately fails, we may lose our deposits over 250,000 at such financial institutions,
and/or we may be required to move our accounts to another financial institution, which could cause operational difficulties, such as delays
in making payments to our service providers, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Item 1.B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We currently maintain our executive offices at 100 West Liberty Street,
Suite 100, Reno, Nevada 89501, and our telephone number is (775) 318-3629. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per month
fee that we will pay our Sponsor for office space, utilities, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space
adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor,
to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

38 

Part
II. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market Information 

Our Units began trading on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq on March 12, 2021. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary
share. On April 30, 2021, we announced that holders of the Units may elect to separately trade the Shares of Class A common stock and
redeemable warrants included in the Units commencing on May 3, 2021. Any Units not separated continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol
 SCAQU . Any underlying Shares of Class A common stock and redeemable warrants that were separated trade on the Nasdaq under
the symbols SCAQ and SCAQW , respectively. 

(b) Holders 

As of March 30, 2023, there was approximately one holder of
record of our Units, approximately one holder of record of our separately traded Class A ordinary share, and approximately two holders
of record of our redeemable warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Shares of Class A common
stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial Business Combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with
our initial Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

The performance graph has been omitted as permitted under rules applicable
to smaller reporting companies. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

On August 14, 2020, the initial stockholders purchased 7,187,500 shares
of Class B common stock (the Founder Shares for an aggregate consideration of 25,000. The Founder Shares included an aggregate
of up to 937,500 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture by the initial stockholders to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the initial stockholders would own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the
Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the initial stockholders did not purchase any
Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). The underwriters elected not to exercise their remaining over-allotment and, accordingly,
937,500 Founder Shares were forfeited resulting in 6,250,000 Founder Shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our
Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate
purchase price of 7,000,000. 

39 

This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. 

As previously disclosed, on February 17, 2023, we entered into a Convertible
Promissory Note (the Sponsor Loan with our Sponsor. Pursuant to the Sponsor Loan, the Sponsor has agreed that it will contribute
to the Company as a loan (each loan being referred to herein as a Contribution the lesser of (A) 0.04 for each share of
Class A common stock of the Company that was not redeemed in connection with the stockholder vote to approve certain amendments to the
Company s certificate of incorporation at the special meeting of stockholders held on March 10, 2023, and (B) 300,000.00, for each
month (or a pro rata portion thereof if less than a month) until the earlier of (i) the date of the special meeting held in connection
with the stockholder vote to approve the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) September 16, 2023, or such earlier date
as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Extended Date ). Up to 1.5 million of the loans may be settled
in whole warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a conversion price equal to 1.50 per warrant. The Contribution(s) will
not bear any interest, and will be repayable by the Company to the Sponsor upon the earlier of the date by which the Company must complete
an initial business combination and the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. The Company s board of
directors will have the sole discretion whether to continue extending for up to six months, and if the Company s board of directors
determines not to continue extending for additional months, the Sponsor s obligation to make additional Contributions will terminate.
If this occurs, the Company would wind up the Company s affairs and redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares in accordance with
the procedures set forth in the Company s certificate of incorporation. Monthly deposits into the Company s trust account
are based on the number of public shares still outstanding following the amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation.
The maturity date of the Sponsor Loan may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined therein). Any outstanding
principal under the Sponsor Loan may be prepaid at any time by the Company, at its election and without penalty, provided, however, that
the Sponsor shall have a right to first convert such principal balance as described in Section 6 of the Sponsor Loan upon notice of such
prepayment. The warrants that may be issued pursuant to the Sponsor Loan will not be registered under the Securities Act, and will be
issued in reliance on the exemption from registration requirements thereof provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Each warrant
will entitle the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain
adjustments. The warrants shall be identical to the warrants issued to the Sponsor pursuant to the Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as
of March 11, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, in connection with the Company s initial public offering that was
consummated on March 16, 2021. Such warrants are exercisable on the later of (i) 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial
Business Combination and (ii) 12 months from the closing of the Company s initial public offering, subject to certain conditions
and exceptions. Such warrants are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in the Company s initial public offering,
except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees: (1) they will not be redeemable by the Company, subject
to certain exceptions; (2) they (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants) may not, subject to certain
limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial
Business Combination; (3) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis; and (4) they (including the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of such warrants) are entitled to registration rights. Such warrants expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years
after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Membership Interests Purchase Agreement 

On March 21, 2023, the Company entered into the Purchase Agreement. Immediately
prior to the Closing, Force will effectuate the Recapitalization, pursuant to which, among other things, all outstanding membership interests
of Force will be converted or exchanged into Common Units. Immediately prior to the Closing: (i) Force will adopt the A R LLC Agreement
to, among other things, (a) permit the issuance and ownership of the post-Recapitalization equity of Force as contemplated by the Purchase
Agreement and (b) to admit the Company as the sole managing member of Force and (ii) the Company will file with the Secretary of
State of Delaware the A R Charter to, among other things, approve the issuance of shares of Company Class C Common Stock, which will,
among other matters, carry such non-economic and voting rights as set forth in the A R Charter. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
the Company will purchase an aggregate of up to 12,000,000 Common Units from Force Members for 120,000,000 prior to any Net Working Capital
Adjustment (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and the Force Members will retain at least 50 of the total Common Units issued and
outstanding immediately after the Recapitalization. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company will subscribe for a number of Common
Units equal to the total shares of Class B Common Stock of the Company issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Transaction, in
exchange for the number of shares of Company Class C Common Stock equal to the number of Retained Units, which will be subsequently distributed
to Force Members. Following the Closing, the Force Members may cause the Company to redeem their Common Units, which redemption may be
effected as an exchange of Common Units for shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment
in certain cases), accompanied by the corresponding cancellation of shares of Company Class C Common Stock held by such Members. Following
the Closing, and as additional consideration for the Transaction, within five (5) business days after the determination of the 2023 EBITDA
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement), Force and the Company (as applicable) shall issue or cause to be issued to each Force Member the
following number of Common Units and shares of Company Class C Common Stock (subject to further adjustment), if the 2023 EBITDA is greater
than 60,000,000, a one-time issuance of 200,000 units and shares, as applicable, of Earnout Equity, for each 1,000,000 of EBITDA (rounded
down to the nearest 1,000,000) in excess of the Minimum EBITDA Target, up to a maximum of 3,000,000 units and shares, as applicable,
of Earnout Equity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall be permitted to satisfy its obligation to deliver Earnout Equity pursuant
to the Minimum EBITDA Target by: (i) delivering 12.50 cash per unit and share, as applicable, of Earnout Equity within thirty (30) calendar
days of determination of the 2023 EBITDA or (ii) if the volume weighted average closing sale price of the Company Class A Common Stock
for the five (5) trading days following public announcement of the 2023 EBITDA exceeds 14.00 per share, by delivering the number of shares
of Company Class A Common Stock equal to (x) the aggregate number of units and shares, as applicable, of Earnout Equity multiplied by
 12.50, divided by (y) the Company Trading Price, subject to the adjustment provided in the Purchase Agreement. 

The shares and units to be issued in connection with the Transaction will
not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company is issuing the shares and units in reliance on the exemption
from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company is relying on this exemption from
registration based in part on representations made by the parties to the Purchase Agreement. 

40 

Use of Proceeds 

On March 16, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 25,000,000
Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. BofA Securities and Cowen acted a joint book-running managers. The
securities sold in the Initial Public Offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-253174).
The SEC declared the registration statements effective on March 12, 2021. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our
Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate
purchase price of 7,000,000. 

In connection with the Initial Public Offering, we incurred
offering costs of approximately 14,326,696 (including deferred underwriting commissions of approximately 8,750,000). Other
incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation fees related to the Initial Public Offering. After deducting the
underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the
initial Business Combination, if consummated) and the Initial Public Offering expenses, 250,000,000 of the net proceeds from our
Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds from the Private Placement of the Private Placement Warrants (or 10.00 per Unit
sold in the Initial Public Offering) was placed in the Trust Account. On March 10, 2023, our stockholders voted to approve an
amendment to our certificate of incorporation to (i) extend the date by which we must complete an initial Business Combination and
(ii) remove the limitation that we may not redeem public shares to the extent such redemption results in us having net tangible
assets of less than 5,000,001. In connection therewith, stockholders elected to redeem 18,744,981 shares of Class A common stock,
and approximately 190,866,926 was paid out of the Trust Account in connection therewith. The net proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are held in the Trust Account and invested as
described elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds
from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement as is described in the Company s final prospectus related to the Initial
Public Offering. For a description of the use of the proceeds generated from the Initial Public Offering, see Item 1. Business. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, our, us 
or we refer to Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are
included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of
Delaware on July 29, 2020 for the purpose of entering into a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock
and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of
our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

41 

Recent Developments 

Charter Amendment 

On March 10, 2023, we held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special
Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders were asked to approve: (i) a proposal to amend the Company s
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must complete an initial Business Combination
from March 16, 2023, to September 16, 2023 , or such earlier date as determined by the Board of Directors
of the Company (such date, the Extended Date and such proposal, the Extension Proposal and (ii) a
proposal to amend the Charter to eliminate the limitation that the Company may not redeem public shares to the extent that such redemption
would result in the Company having net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act) of less
than 5,000,001 (the Redemption Limitation in order to allow the Company to redeem public shares irrespective of whether
such redemption would exceed the Redemption Limitation (the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal and, together with
the Extension Proposal, the Charter Amendment Proposals ). 

At the Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the
Charter Amendment Proposals, and the Charter amendment became effective on March 10, 2023, upon the filing thereof with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Letter of Intent 

As previously disclosed, on February 14, 2023, we entered into a letter
of intent (the Letter of Intent with Force Pressure Control, LLC, a Texas limited liability company and a provider of surface
pressure control solutions in the oilfield services market (the Target and each of the individuals listed on the signature
page of the Letter of Intent, pursuant to which we will acquire 100 of the outstanding equity interests of the Target (the Transaction ).
Consummation of this Transaction shall be subject to the execution of a mutually satisfactory definitive agreement by the Company and
the Target. Pursuant to the Letter of Intent, the parties have entered into a period of exclusivity in order to negotiate the Company s
acquisition of the Target wherein, among other things, the Company agreed not to solicit, negotiate, conduct or commit to conduct any
Competing Transaction (as defined in the Letter of Intent). Completion of the Transaction is subject to, among other matters, the completion
of due diligence, the negotiation of a definitive agreement providing for the Transaction, satisfaction of the conditions negotiated therein
and approval of the Transaction by our stockholders. There can be no assurance that a definitive agreement will be entered into or that
the proposed Transaction will be consummated. In the event that we enter into a definitive agreement for an initial business combination,
we will issue a press release and file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing the proposed Business Combination. 

42 

Convertible Promissory Note 

As previously disclosed, on February 17, 2023, we entered the Sponsor
Loan with our Sponsor. Pursuant to the Sponsor Loan, the Sponsor has agreed that it will contribute to the Company as a loan (each loan
being referred to herein as a Contribution the lesser of (A) 0.04 for each share of Class A common stock of the Company
that was not redeemed in connection with the stockholder vote to approve certain amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation
at the special meeting of stockholders held on March 10, 2023, and (B) 300,000.00, for each month (or a pro rata portion thereof if less
than a month) until the earlier of (i) the date of the special meeting held in connection with the stockholder vote to approve the Company s
initial Business Combination and (ii) the Extended Date. Up to 1.5 million of the loans may be settled in whole warrants to purchase
shares of Class A common stock at a conversion price equal to 1.50 per warrant. The Contribution(s) will not bear any interest, and will
be repayable by the Company to the Sponsor upon the earlier of the date by which the Company must complete an initial business combination
and the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. The Company s board of directors will have the sole discretion
whether to continue extending for up to six months, and if the Company s board of directors determines not to continue extending
for additional months, the Sponsor s obligation to make additional Contributions will terminate. If this occurs, the Company would
wind up the Company s affairs and redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares in accordance with the procedures set forth in the
Company s certificate of incorporation. Monthly deposits into the Company s trust account are based on the number of public
shares still outstanding following the amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation. The maturity date of the Sponsor
Loan may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined therein). Any outstanding principal under the Sponsor Loan
may be prepaid at any time by the Company, at its election and without penalty, provided, however, that the Sponsor shall have a right
to first convert such principal balance as described in Section 6 of the Sponsor Loan upon notice of such prepayment. 

Membership Interests Purchase Agreement 

On March 21, 2023, the Company entered into a membership interests purchase
agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), by and among the Company, Force Pressure Control, LLC, a Texas limited liability company Force and each of the individuals listed on the signature page of the Purchase Agreement Force Members ).
The transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement are referred to herein as the Transaction. Following the time of
the closing (the Closing, and the date on which the Closing occurs, the Closing Date of the Transaction,
the Company will change its name to Force Pressure Control Corp. Immediately prior to the Closing, Force will effectuate
a recapitalization (the Recapitalization ), pursuant to which, among other things, all outstanding membership interests of
Force will be converted or exchanged into common units Common Units ). Immediately prior to the Closing: (i) Force will
adopt a Second Amended and Restated LLC Agreement (the A R LLC Agreement to, among other things, (a) permit the issuance
and ownership of the post-Recapitalization equity of Force as contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and (b) to admit the Company as the
sole managing member of Force and (ii) the Company will file with the Secretary of State of Delaware an amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (the A R Charter to, among other things, approve the issuance of shares Class C Common Stock of the
Company Company Class C Common Stock ), which will, among other matters, carry such non-economic and voting rights as set
forth in the A R Charter. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company will purchase an aggregate of up to 12,000,000 Common Units
from Force Members for 120,000,000 prior to any Net Working Capital Adjustment (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and the Force Members
will retain at least 50 of the total Common Units issued and outstanding immediately after the Recapitalization (the Retained
Units ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company will subscribe for a number of Common Units equal to the total shares of
Class B Common Stock of the Company issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Transaction, in exchange for the number of shares
of Company Class C Common Stock equal to the number of Retained Units, which will be subsequently distributed to Force Members. Following
the Closing, the Force Members may cause the Company to redeem their Common Units, which redemption may be effected as an exchange of
Common Units for shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment in certain cases), accompanied
by the corresponding cancellation of shares of Company Class C Common Stock held by such Members. Following the Closing, and as additional
consideration for the Transaction, within five (5) business days after the determination of the 2023 EBITDA (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), Force and the Company (as applicable) shall issue or cause to be issued to each Force Member the following number of Common
Units and shares of Company Class C Common Stock (subject to further adjustment) (the Earnout Equity ), if the 2023 EBITDA
is greater than 60,000,000 (the Minimum EBITDA Target ), a one-time issuance of 200,000 units and shares, as applicable,
of Earnout Equity, for each 1,000,000 of EBITDA (rounded down to the nearest 1,000,000) in excess of the Minimum EBITDA Target, up to
a maximum of 3,000,000 units and shares, as applicable, of Earnout Equity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall be permitted
to satisfy its obligation to deliver Earnout Equity pursuant to the Minimum EBITDA Target by: (i) delivering 12.50 cash per unit and
share, as applicable, of Earnout Equity within thirty (30) calendar days of determination of the 2023 EBITDA or (ii) if the volume weighted
average closing sale price of the Company Class A Common Stock for the five (5) trading days following public announcement of the 2023
EBITDA (the Company Trading Price exceeds 14.00 per share, by delivering the number of shares of Company Class A Common
Stock equal to (x) the aggregate number of units and shares, as applicable, of Earnout Equity multiplied by 12.50, divided by (y) the
Company Trading Price, subject to the adjustment provided in the Purchase Agreement. 

43 

Sponsor Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company,
Force, the Sponsor and other holders of shares of Company Class B Common Stock (together with the Sponsor, the Support Parties ),
entered into a sponsor support agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement ), pursuant to which the Support Parties agreed to,
among other things, vote in favor of the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, in each case, subject to the terms
and conditions contemplated by the Sponsor Support Agreement. The Sponsor Support Agreement will terminate and be of no further force
or effect upon the earliest of (i) the Expiration Time (as defined in the Sponsor Support Agreement), (ii) the liquidation of the Company
and (iii) the written agreement of the Sponsor, Force Members, and Force. 

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 

The Purchase Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, the Company,
the Sponsor, holders of shares of Company Class B Common Stock and certain Force Members will enter into an Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement, pursuant to which the Company will agree to register for resale, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, certain
shares of Company Common Stock and other equity securities of the Company that are held by the parties thereto from time to time. 

Lock-Up Agreement 

The Purchase Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, the Company,
the Sponsor, holders of shares of Company Class B Common Stock and certain Force Members will enter into Lock-Up Agreements restricting
the transfer of Company Common Stock, Private Placement Warrants (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), and any Common Units issued in
connection with the Transaction, as applicable. The lock-up period for Company Common Stock is 180 days after the Closing, subject to
early termination (i) of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction of Force after the Closing
or (ii) upon the stock price of Company Common Stock reaching 12.00 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Closing. 

Tax Receivable Agreement 

The Purchase Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, the Company will
enter into a Tax Receivable Agreement (the Tax Receivable Agreement with Force and certain Force Members (the TRA
Holders ). Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement, among other things, the Company will be required to pay to each TRA Holder
85 of certain tax benefits, if any, that it realizes (or in certain cases is deemed to realize) as a result of the increases in tax basis
resulting from any exchange of Common Units for Company Class A Common Stock or cash in the future and certain other tax benefits arising
from payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. In certain cases, the Company s obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement
may accelerate and become due and payable, based on certain assumptions, upon a change in control and certain other termination events,
as defined therein. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from July 29, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities,
those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We have historically generated
non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses
in connection with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net income of 9,217,598, which consists of a change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 7,540,000 and interest earned on marketable
securities held in Trust Account of 3,577,988, offset by operating and formation costs of 1,003,279, unrealized loss on marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 277,009 and provision for income taxes of 620,102. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 9,636,139,
which consists of change in fair value of warrant liability of 11,246,666, interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account
of 14,433, offset by transaction costs related to warrants of 688,515, and operating costs of 936,445. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On March 16, 2021, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 25,000,000 Units at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement
Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,000,000. 

44 

Following the Initial Public Offering and the
sale of the Private Units, a total of 250,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 14,326,696 in Initial Public Offering
related costs, including 5,000,000 of underwriting fees, 8,750,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 576,696 of other offering costs. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used
in operating activities was 891,665. Net income of 9,217,598 was affected by a change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 7,540,000,
interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 3,577,988 and unrealized loss on marketable securities held in the
Trust Account of 277,009. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 203,363 of cash for operating activities. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used
in operating activities was 628,059. Net income of 9,636,139 was affected by a change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 11,246,666,
transaction costs incurred in connection with warrant liabilities of 688,515, and interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust
Account of 14,433. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used 308,386 of cash for operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 252,973,594. On March 10, 2023, our stockholders voted to approve an amendment to our certificate of incorporation
to (i) extend the date by which we must complete an initial Business Combination and (ii) remove the limitation that we may not redeem
public shares to the extent such redemption results in us having net tangible assets of less than 5,000,001. In connection therewith,
stockholders elected to redeem 18,744,981 shares of Class A common stock, and approximately 190,866,926 was paid out of the Trust Account
in connection therewith. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022,
we withdrawn 341,818 of interest earned from the Trust Account to pay taxes. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in
the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our
Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business
Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target
business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 402,902
in its operating bank account, and working capital deficit of 49,503. The Company s liquidity needs prior to the Company s
Initial Public Offering and Private Placement had been satisfied through a capital contribution from the Sponsor in the amount of 25,000
(see Note 5) for the Founder Shares, and an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of 300,000 (see Note 5). The Company fully repaid
the promissory note to the Sponsor on January 15, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement,
the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied through the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in
the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s
Sponsor, or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the
Company with Working Capital Loans (see Note 5). 

45 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we will repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of
such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical
to the Private Placement Warrants. 

As previously disclosed, on February 17, 2023, we entered the Sponsor
Loan with our Sponsor. Pursuant to the Sponsor Loan, the Sponsor has agreed that it will contribute to the Company as a loan (each loan
being referred to herein as a Contribution the lesser of (A) 0.04 for each share of Class A common stock of the Company
that was not redeemed in connection with the stockholder vote to approve certain amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation
at the special meeting of stockholders held on March 10, 2023, and (B) 300,000.00, for each month (or a pro rata portion thereof if less
than a month) until the earlier of (i) the date of the special meeting held in connection with the stockholder vote to approve the Company s
initial Business Combination and (ii) the Extended Date. Up to 1.5 million of the loans may be settled in whole warrants to purchase
shares of Class A common stock at a conversion price equal to 1.50 per warrant. The Contribution(s) will not bear any interest, and will
be repayable by the Company to the Sponsor upon the earlier of the date by which the Company must complete an initial business combination
and the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. The Company s board of directors will have the sole discretion
whether to continue extending for up to six months, and if the Company s board of directors determines not to continue extending
for additional months, the Sponsor s obligation to make additional Contributions will terminate. If this occurs, the Company would
wind up the Company s affairs and redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares in accordance with the procedures set forth in the
Company s certificate of incorporation. Monthly deposits into the Company s trust account are based on the number of public
shares still outstanding following the amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation. The maturity date of the Sponsor
Loan may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined therein). Any outstanding principal under the Sponsor Loan
may be prepaid at any time by the Company, at its election and without penalty, provided, however, that the Sponsor shall have a right
to first convert such principal balance as described in Section 6 of the Sponsor Loan upon notice of such prepayment. 

Going Concern 

In connection with our assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 205-40, Presentation
of Financial Statements Going Concern, we have until September 16, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. It
is uncertain that we will be able to consummate an initial business combination by this time. If an initial business combination is not
consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. 

46 

On February
17, 2023, the Company entered into a Convertible Promissory Note (the Sponsor Loan with its sponsor, Stratim Cloud Acquisition,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Pursuant to the Sponsor Loan, the Sponsor has agreed that it will contribute to the Company
as a loan the lesser of 0.04 for each share of Class A common stock that was not redeemed in connection with the stockholder vote to
approve the proposals presented at the special meeting of stockholders that was held on March 10, 2023, and 300,000.00, for each
month (or a pro rata portion thereof if less than a month) until the earlier of the date of the special meeting held in connection with
the stockholder vote to approve the Company s initial Business Combination and the Extended Date. 

Additionally, it is uncertain that we will have
sufficient liquidity to fund the working capital needs of the Company through September 16, 2023. We have determined that the liquidity
condition and mandatory liquidation, should an initial business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets
or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after September 16, 2023. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets, or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay our Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000
for office space, utilities, administrative and support services. We began incurring these fees on March 11, 2021 and will continue to
incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our liquidation. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee
of 0.35 per share, or 8,750,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in
the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

47 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Offering Costs Associated with the Initial
Public Offering 

The Company complies with the requirements of
the ASC 340-10-S99-1and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB Topic 5A Expenses of Offering . Offering
costs consist principally of professional and registration fees incurred through the balance sheet date. Offering costs are allocated
to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis compared to total proceeds
received. Offering costs associated with warrant liabilities is expensed, and offering costs associated with the Class A common stock
are charged to the stockholders deficit. Accordingly, as December 31, 2022, offering costs in the aggregate of 14,326,696 have
been charged to stockholders deficit and 233,334 of offering costs associated with warrant and forward purchase unit issuance
cost has been expensed on the Company s statements of operations. 

Warrant Liabilities 

We account for the Warrants in accordance with
the guidance contained in ASC 815-40 under which the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities.
Accordingly, we classify the Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the Warrants to fair value at each reporting period.
This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in
the statements of operations. The Private Warrants and the public warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available
are valued using a Modified Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the public warrants from the
Units, the public warrant quoted market price will be used as the fair value as of each relevant date. 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our common stock subject to possible
conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair
value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control
of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders deficit. Our Class A common stock features certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A common
stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit
section of our balance sheets. 

Net Income Per Common Stock 

Net income per common stock, basic and diluted
for Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is calculated by dividing the interest income earned on the Trust Account,
net of applicable taxes, if any, by the weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption
outstanding for the period. Net income per common stock, basic and diluted, for non-redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing
net income less income attributable to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, by the weighted average number of common
stock of non-redeemable common stock outstanding for the period presented. 

48 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included
herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, due to the material weakness in
our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments as well as financial
reporting controls over corporate governance. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial
statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial
statements included in this Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and
cash flows for the period presented. 

Management intends to implement remediation steps
to improve our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we intend to expand
and improve our review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We have improved this process by enhancing access
to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and
consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. Management
has also incorporated more stringent controls over the approval of financial reporting process to mitigate risks related to corporate
governance. 

49 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS
Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9.B. Other Information. 

Membership Interests Purchase Agreement 

On March 21, 2023, the Company entered into the Purchase Agreement. Immediately
prior to the Closing, Force will effectuate the Recapitalization, pursuant to which, among other things, all outstanding membership interests
of Force will be converted or exchanged into Common Units. Immediately prior to the Closing: (i) Force will adopt the A R LLC Agreement
to, among other things, (a) permit the issuance and ownership of the post-Recapitalization equity of Force as contemplated by the Purchase
Agreement and (b) to admit the Company as the sole managing member of Force and (ii) the Company will file with the Secretary of
State of Delaware the A R Charter to, among other things, approve the issuance of shares of Company Class C Common Stock, which will,
among other matters, carry such non-economic and voting rights as set forth in the A R Charter. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
the Company will purchase an aggregate of up to 12,000,000 Common Units from Force Members for 120,000,000 prior to any Net Working Capital
Adjustment (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and the Force Members will retain at least 50 of the total Common Units issued and
outstanding immediately after the Recapitalization. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company will subscribe for a number of Common
Units equal to the total shares of Class B Common Stock of the Company issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Transaction, in
exchange for the number of shares of Company Class C Common Stock equal to the number of Retained Units, which will be subsequently distributed
to Force Members. Following the Closing, the Force Members may cause the Company to redeem their Common Units, which redemption may be
effected as an exchange of Common Units for shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment
in certain cases), accompanied by the corresponding cancellation of shares of Company Class C Common Stock held by such Members. Following
the Closing, and as additional consideration for the Transaction, within five (5) business days after the determination of the 2023 EBITDA
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement), Force and the Company (as applicable) shall issue or cause to be issued to each Force Member the
following number of Common Units and shares of Company Class C Common Stock (subject to further adjustment), if the 2023 EBITDA is greater
than 60,000,000, a one-time issuance of 200,000 units and shares, as applicable, of Earnout Equity, for each 1,000,000 of EBITDA (rounded
down to the nearest 1,000,000) in excess of the Minimum EBITDA Target, up to a maximum of 3,000,000 units and shares, as applicable,
of Earnout Equity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall be permitted to satisfy its obligation to deliver Earnout Equity pursuant
to the Minimum EBITDA Target by: (i) delivering 12.50 cash per unit and share, as applicable, of Earnout Equity within thirty (30) calendar
days of determination of the 2023 EBITDA or (ii) if the volume weighted average closing sale price of the Company Class A Common Stock
for the five (5) trading days following public announcement of the 2023 EBITDA exceeds 14.00 per share, by delivering the number of shares
of Company Class A Common Stock equal to (x) the aggregate number of units and shares, as applicable, of Earnout Equity multiplied by
 12.50, divided by (y) the Company Trading Price, subject to the adjustment provided in the Purchase Agreement. 

The shares and units to be issued in connection with the Transaction will
not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company is issuing the shares and units in reliance on the exemption
from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company is relying on this exemption from
registration based in part on representations made by the parties to the Purchase Agreement. 

Item 9.C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspection. 

Not Applicable. 

50 

Part
III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

Our current directors and executive officer are as follows: 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Name 
 
 Age 

Title 
 
 Sreekanth Ravi 

56 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Zachary Abrams 

56 

Chief Financial Officer, Chief Strategy Officer and Director 
 
 Kabir Misra 

53 

Director 
 
 Doug Bergeron 

62 

Director 
 
 John Wagner 

49 

Director 
 
 Wendell Brooks 

58 

Advisory Board Member 

Sreekanth Ravi has been Chairman of our board of directors and
our Chief Executive Officer since August 2020. From 2002 until present, Mr. Ravi has been investing in technology companies, as well as
in public and private companies in other sectors. Mr. Ravi is currently the Executive Chairman of RSquared AI, an artificial intelligence
enabled workforce analytics software company, which he founded in 2018. From 2010 to 2015, Mr. Ravi was the Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Tely, a developer of video conferencing equipment for the consumer and business market, which later filed for an
assignment for the benefit of creditors in 2016. From 2004 to 2009, Mr. Ravi was a Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Code Green
Networks, a maker of data-loss prevention and content security solutions for enterprises. Prior to that, for over 10 years Mr. Ravi was
the Co-Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer of SonicWALL, a firewall company which Mr. Ravi and other investors ultimately took
public in 1999. Mr. Ravi earned a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Illinois in Urbana-Champaign. Mr. Ravi is well
qualified to serve as the Chairman of our board of directors because of his experience serving on the boards of directors of public and
private companies in the technology sector. 

Zachary Abrams has been our Chief Strategy Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as well as a member of our board of directors, since August 2020. Mr. Abrams has been the managing partner of Stratim
Capital, LLC, a late stage venture firm focused on acquiring concentrated positions in technology companies via the secondary market,
since he founded the firm in 2006. During this period, he was also the Chief Financial Officer at Rio SEO, a local content management
SaaS software provider and a Stratim Capital, LLC portfolio company, from October 2014 to July 2018. From June 2006 to December 2008,
Mr. Abrams was the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Applied Financial Technology, a SaaS provider of mortgage analytics
solutions, where he managed the Company s financial and administrative operations and led an M A process leading to it being
acquired by Fidelity National Information Services. Prior to founding Stratim Capital, LLC, Mr. Abrams was one of two founding partners
of Lake Street Capital, a private equity firm focused on acquiring direct equity interests in the secondary market from 2003 to 2006.
From 2000 to 2002, Mr. Abrams was Vice President of Corporate and Business Development at SonicWALL, Inc., where he served on the Operating
Committee and led the company s OEM and licensing division while managing the business development and M A efforts. Mr. Abrams
previously worked at Bear, Stearns Co., a leading full service investment bank, where he was a Vice President of Investment Banking
focused on clients in the technology industry from 1997 to 2000. He also served as a professional in the Technology Investment Banking
Group at Merrill Lynch. Mr. Abrams started his career in the Financial Management Program at GE, then served on the Corporate Audit Staff
at GE Capital where he focused on financial audits and M A due diligence. Mr. Abrams has a Bachelors of Economics from Colby College
and an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Abrams is well qualified to serve on our board because of his
knowledge and experience in the technology sector and his experience leading the finance function at several companies. 

51 

Kabir Misra has served on our board of directors since June
2021. Since October 2018, Mr. Misra has served as managing partner at RPS Ventures, a venture capital firm in Palo Alto, California. Mr.
Misra has been a director of Alibaba Group Holdings Limited since September 2020. Prior to October 2018, Mr. Misra was a managing partner
at SoftBank Investment Advisors (which manages the SoftBank Vision Fund) and SoftBank Capital. He has worked with SoftBank since 2006
and continues to be an advisor to SoftBank. He has represented SoftBank at various points on the boards of its investee companies, including
Alibaba, FlipKart, PayTM, Tokopedia, Coupang, BigCommerce and PayActiv. Prior to joining SoftBank, Mr. Misra worked as an investment banker
in the United States and Hong Kong. Mr. Misra has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Harvard University and an MBA degree from
the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Mr. Misra is well qualified to serve on our board due to his investment and governance experience. 

Doug Bergeron has served on our board of directors since March
2021. Mr. Bergeron is the current Chief Executive Officer of the Hudson Executive Investment Corp., a SPAC affiliated with Hudson Executive
Capital HEC ), a hedge fund focused on improving value and performance in small and mid-cap public and private companies,
and is the Co-Managing Partner of HEC. Prior to joining HEC, Mr. Bergeron founded DGB Investments, a diversified holding company of technology
investments, in 2013. Mr. Bergeron also served on the board of directors of Renters Warehouse, a marketplace and property management services
platform, from September 2015 until February 2023. Mr. Bergeron s experience in technology spans over 35 years, including 12 years
as the Chief Executive Officer of Verifone Systems, Inc., or Verifone, a provider of technology for electronic payment transactions and
value-added services at the point-of-sale. In 2001, Mr. Bergeron led the acquisition of Verifone, in partnership with the private equity
firm The Gores Group, and was named Verifone s Chief Executive Officer. The following year, Mr. Bergeron partnered with GTCR, another
private equity firm, to acquire Verifone from The Gores Group, and continued to lead the company. Over this time, Verifone went from sales
of under 300 million in 2002 to over 2 billion in 2013 and enterprise value grew to exceed 5 billion. Mr. Bergeron grew Verifone organically
as well as through accretive, value-enhancing acquisitions and strategic partnerships. Prior to leading Verifone, Mr. Bergeron held many
senior roles at SunGard Data Systems and rose to become Chief Executive Officer of SunGard Brokerage Systems Group and President of SunGard
Futures Systems, which provided software and services to a variety of trading institutions, banks, futures brokerages, derivatives exchanges
and clearing and settlement services providers. Mr. Bergeron has a Master of Science from University of Southern California, and a Bachelor
of Arts in Computer Science from York University. Mr. Bergeron is well qualified to serve on our board because of his knowledge and experience
in the technology sector, as well as his experience serving as a board member of a special purpose acquisition company. 

John Wagner has served on our board of directors since May 1,
2022. Mr. Wagner previously served on our advisory board. Mr. Wagner has served as Chief Financial Officer of EverQuote (Nasdaq: EVER),
an online insurance marketplace, since 2014. Prior to EverQuote, Mr. Wagner served as Chief Financial Officer of NuoDB, a database company,
from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Wagner is an experienced executive with more than two decades of operational and strategic financial leadership
roles at software-as-a-service, internet and technology services companies. Mr. Wagner has extensive experience with private and public
capital raising, business acquisitions, and scaling financial operations to support high growth and the transition to operating as a public
company. In addition to the initial public offering of EverQuote in 2018, Mr. Wagner was instrumental in the initial public offerings
of Carbonite, a cloud back up provider, in 2010 and Constant Contact, a software-as-a-service marketing solutions company, in 2007. Mr.
Wagner began his career with the firm of Arthur Andersen and is a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Wagner holds an undergraduate degree
in accounting and information systems from University of Massachusetts Isenberg School of Management and an MBA from Boston University.
Mr. Wagner s financial management expertise and his extensive management experience make him well qualified to serve as a member
of our board of directors. 

52 

Wendell Brooks has served on our advisory board since the completion
of our initial public offering. Mr. Brooks was the Senior Vice President President of Intel Capital from September 2014 through
August 2020. At Intel Capital, Mr. Brooks led investments in innovative technology startups and companies worldwide. Previously, he was
a Managing Director at Allen Company from 2008 to 2014. Mr. Brooks was a Managing Director and the Head of European TMT Investment
Banking at Citi from 1993 to 2008. Mr. Brooks holds a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from University of Michigan and an MBA from the
University of Chicago Graduate School of Business. Mr. Brooks experience in the technology sector and investment experience make
him well qualified to serve as a member of our advisory board. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing rules require that a majority of our board of directors
be independent within one year of our Initial Public Offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. We have three independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing rules and applicable
SEC rules. Our board has determined that each of John Wagner, Kabir Misra and Doug Bergeron is an independent director under applicable
SEC and Nasdaq listing rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Number, Terms of Office and Election of Officers and Director 

Our board of directors consists of five members. Our advisory board
consists of one member, Mr. Brooks. The role of the advisory board is consultative in nature to support our directors and officers in
operating our business, and it will not perform managerial board or committee functions. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year-end following our listing on Nasdaq.
The term of office of our initial directors will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. 

Prior to consummation of our initial Business Combination, holders
of our Class B common stock will have the right to elect all of our directors and remove members of our board of directors for any reason.
Holders of our Public Shares will not have the right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation may only be amended if approved by holders of a majority of at least 90 of the outstanding
shares of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. Approval of our initial Business Combination will require the affirmative
vote of a majority of our board directors, which must include a majority of our independent directors. Subject to any other special rights
applicable to the stockholders, prior to our initial Business Combination, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board of directors that includes any directors
representing our Sponsor then on our board of directors, or by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the
discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons
to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the
Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and such other officers (including without limitation,
Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and a Treasurer) as may be determined from time to time by the board of directors. 

53 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee
and a compensation committee, each of which is composed solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that
was approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is
available on our website. 

Audit Committee 

The members of our audit committee are John Wagner, Kabir Misra and
Doug Bergeron. John Wagner serves as chairman of the audit committee. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our
board of directors has determined that John Wagner qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable
SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose
and responsibilities of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial
statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s
qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting
firm; 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm
and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered
public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the independent registered public
accounting firm have with us in order to evaluate its continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent
registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal
quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities,
within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such
issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent
registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated
by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

54 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports
that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards
or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our compensation committee are John Wagner, Kabir Misra
and Doug Bergeron. Kabir Misra serves as chairman of the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the
purpose and responsibilities of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and
equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers
and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement (if applicable); and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its
sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible
for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation
consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser,
including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

55 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are
John Wagner, Kabir Misra and Doug Bergeron. John Wagner serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter,
which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including: 

assisting in identifying, recruiting, interviewing and reviewing individuals to fill positions on the board of directors, and recommending
to the Board director nominees for election by the shareholders or appointment by the Board, consistent with criteria approved by the
board of directors; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors our corporate governance guidelines; 

overseeing the annual evaluation of the board of directors and management; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our corporate governance principles and recommending changes when necessary. 

The charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance
committee has the sole authority to retain and terminate any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and has the sole
authority to approve the search firm s fees and other retention terms. 

We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications
that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director,
the board of directors considers experience, skills, expertise, diversity, personal and professional integrity, character, business judgment,
time availability in light of other commitments, dedication, conflicts of interest and such other relevant factors that our nominating
and corporate governance committee considers appropriate in the context of the needs of the Board. Prior to our initial Business Combination,
the holders of Class B Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to elect, remove and replace any director. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not
served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board
of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics applicable to
our directors, officers and employees (our Code of Ethics ). We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics as an exhibit to
this Annual Report. We have also posted a copy of our Code of Ethics and the charters of our audit committee and compensation committee
on our website https://www.stratimcloud.com. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website
is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report. You are able to review these documents
by accessing our public filings at the SEC website. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us.
We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

56 

Conflicts of Interest 

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in
the future may further have, fiduciary or contractual obligations to at least one other entity pursuant to which such officer or director
is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors
becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual
obligations, he or she will honor these obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, and only present
it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may
be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. 

We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our Business Combination. Our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation provides that, prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, we renounce our interest in
any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his
or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake
and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue and the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating
any legal obligation. Our officers and directors would continue to be subject to all other fiduciary duties owed to us and our stockholders
and no other waivers of their respective fiduciary obligations have been provided to any such officers and directors. We do not have any
plans to waive the fiduciary duties of our officers and directors post-business combination. 

Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may
in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a business similar to ours, although our Sponsor and officers and directors
(excluding independent directors) have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any special
purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act until we have entered into a definitive agreement
regarding our initial Business Combination or we have failed to complete our initial Business Combination by September 16, 2023. Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of
interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities
that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. For a complete description of our management s
other affiliations, see information below. 

Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares
and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Our other directors and officers
have also entered into the letter agreement, which imposes the same obligations on them with respect to any Public Shares acquired by
them. Additionally, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
Founder Shares if we fail to consummate our initial Business Combination by September 16, 2023. However, if our initial stockholders or
any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquire Public Shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to such Public Shares if we fail to consummate our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame.
If we do not complete our initial Business Combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of our Public Shares, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire
worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial stockholders
until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to our initial Business
Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after our initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of
Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants and the shares
of common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our Sponsor until 30 days after the completion
of our initial Business Combination. Since our Sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock shares and
warrants following the Initial Public Offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular
target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination. 

57 

Our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular
Business Combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial Business Combination and as
a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular Business Combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial Business Combination. 

As previously disclosed, on February 17, 2023, we entered the Sponsor Loan with our Sponsor. Pursuant to the Sponsor Loan, the Sponsor
has agreed that it will contribute to the Company as a loan (each loan being referred to herein as a Contribution the lesser
of (A) 0.04 for each share of Class A common stock of the Company that was not redeemed in connection with the stockholder vote to approve
certain amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation at the special meeting of stockholders held on March 10, 2023,
and (B) 300,000.00, for each month (or a pro rata portion thereof if less than a month) until the earlier of (i) the date of the special
meeting held in connection with the stockholder vote to approve the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) the Extended
Date. Up to 1.5 million of the loans may be settled in whole warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a conversion price
equal to 1.50 per warrant. The Contribution(s) will not bear any interest, and will be repayable by the Company to the Sponsor upon the
earlier of the date by which the Company must complete an initial business combination and the consummation of the Company s initial
business combination. The Company s board of directors will have the sole discretion whether to continue extending for up to six
months, and if the Company s board of directors determines not to continue extending for additional months, the Sponsor s
obligation to make additional Contributions will terminate. If this occurs, the Company would wind up the Company s affairs and
redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Company s certificate of incorporation.
Monthly deposits into the Company s trust account are based on the number of public shares still outstanding following the amendments
to the Company s certificate of incorporation. The maturity date of the Sponsor Loan may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an
Event of Default (as defined therein). Any outstanding principal under the Sponsor Loan may be prepaid at any time by the Company, at
its election and without penalty, provided, however, that the Sponsor shall have a right to first convert such principal balance as described
in Section 6 of the Sponsor Loan upon notice of such prepayment. 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under
the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

58 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers
and directors have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple
entities. Furthermore, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that, prior to the consummation of our initial Business
Combination, the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where
the application of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have, and there will not
be any expectancy that any of our directors or officers will offer any such corporate opportunity of which he or she may become aware
to us. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations
that may present a conflict of interest: 

Name of Individual 
 
 Entity Name 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Sreekanth Ravi 
 
 RSquared AI 
 
 Software Company 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 
 Zachary Abrams 
 
 Stratim Capital, LLC 
 
 Venture Capital Firm 
 
 Managing Partner 
 
 Kabir Misra 
 
 RPS Ventures 
 
 Venture Capital Firm 
 
 Managing Partner 

Alibaba Group Holdings Limited 
 
 Internet Commerce 
 
 Director 
 
 Doug Bergeron 
 
 Cantaloupe, Inc. 
 
 Electronic Payment Solutions 
 
 Chairman 

United Language Group 
 
 Language Service Provider 
 
 Chairman 

Pipeworks Studios 
 
 Video Game Developer 
 
 Board Member 

Jupiter Pro Parts 
 
 Auto Parts Provider 
 
 Board Member 

Zact Inc. 
 
 Payments and Expense Management Platform 
 
 Board Member 
 
 John Wagner 
 
 EverQuote 
 
 Online Insurance Marketplace 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Wendell Brooks 
 
 Snowcloud Capital 
 
 Venture Capital and Private Equity Firm 
 
 Managing Partner 

Accordingly, if any of the above officers or directors become aware
of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or
contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity
to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director
or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company
and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination
with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination
with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors,
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, that
our initial Business Combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. 

In addition, our Sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional
investments in the Company in connection with the initial Business Combination, although our Sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation
or current intention to do so. If our Sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments
could influence our Sponsor s motivation to complete an initial Business Combination. 

In the event that we submit our initial Business Combination to our
Public Stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement
entered into with us, to vote their Founder Shares (and their permitted transferees will agree) and any Public Shares held by them in
favor of our initial Business Combination. Our other directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, which imposes
the same obligations on them with respect to any Public Shares acquired by them. 

59 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation
of our initial Business Combination and our liquidation, we pay our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month, for office space, utilities,
administrative and support services. Our Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for
any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing
due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us
to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their affiliates. 

After the completion of our initial Business Combination, directors
or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation from the combined company.
All compensation will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for
determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our initial
Business Combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors
that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may
influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our
management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial Business Combination should be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential Business Combination. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information available to us at March
30, 2023 with respect to our common stock held by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

60 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the
table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table
does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these are not exercisable within 60 days of March
30, 2023. 

Shares of Class A common stock 
 Shares of Class B common stock (1) 

Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class Issued and Outstanding Common Stock 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class Issued and Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (2) 

Stratim Cloud Acquisition, LLC (our Sponsor) (3) 
 -- 
 -- 
 4,889,500 
 78.23 
 
 Sreekanth Ravi (4) 
 -- 
 -- 
 4,889,500 
 78.23 
 
 Zachary Abrams (5) 
 -- 
 -- 
 6,139,500 
 98.23 
 
 John Wagner 
 -- 
 -- 
 35,000 

Doug Bergeron 
 -- 
 -- 
 25,000 

Kabir Misra 
 -- 
 -- 
 25,000 

Wendell Brooks 
 -- 
 -- 
 10,000 

All directors and officers as a group (5 individuals) 
 -- 
 -- 
 6,234,500 
 99.75 

Five Percent Holders 

Saba Capital Management, L.P. (6) 
 1,556,051 
 24.88 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Millennium Management LLC (7) 
 1,372,096 
 21.94 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Magnetar Financial LLC (8) 
 1,997,076 
 31.93 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Jane Street Group, LLC (9) 
 1,335,727 
 21.35 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. (10) 
 351,400 
 5.62 
 -- 
 -- 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 100 West Liberty Street, Suite 100,
Reno, NV 89501. 

(2) Interests shown consist solely of Founder Shares. Such shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the
time of our initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the section entitled Description
of Securities in our prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (File No. 333-253174). 

(3) Each of our officers and directors is, directly or indirectly, a member of Stratim Cloud Acquisition, LLC, our Sponsor. 

(4) Stratim Cloud Acquisition, LLC is managed by a board, which consists of Mr. Ravi and Mr. Abrams. As such, Mr. Ravi may be deemed to
have beneficial ownership of the common stock held directly by our Sponsor. 

(5) Stratim Cloud Acquisition, LLC is managed by a board, which consists of Mr. Ravi and Mr. Abrams. As such, Mr. Abrams may be deemed
to have beneficial ownership of the common stock held directly by our Sponsor. A trust in which Mr. Abrams is a beneficiary subscribed
for 1,437,500 Founder Shares in August 2020, 187,500 of which were forfeited. As such, Mr. Abrams may be deemed to have beneficial ownership
of the common stock held directly by the trust. 

61 

(6) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, Saba Capital Management, L.P., Boaz R. Weinstein and Saba Capital
Management GP, LLC share voting and dispositive power over the Class A common stock reported herein. The business address of these reporting
persons is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(7) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023, Integrated Core Strategies (US) LLC has shared voting and dispositive
power with regard to 369,344 Class A common stock, Integrated
Assets, Ltd. has shared voting and dispositive power with regard to 2,752 Class A
common stock, ICS Opportunities, Ltd. has shared voting and dispositive power with regard to 1,000,000 
Class A common stock, Millennium International Management LP has shared voting and dispositive power with regard to 1,002,752 
Class A common stock, Millennium Management LLC, Millennium Group Management LLC and Israel A. Englander have shared voting and dispositive
power with regard to 1,372,096 Class A common stock,. The business address of these reporting
persons is 399 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022. 

(8) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023, Magnetar Financial LLC, Magnetar Capital Partners LP, Supernova
Management LLC and David J. Snyderman share voting and dispositive power over the Class A common stock reported herein. The business address
of these reporting persons is 1603 Orrington Avenue, 13 th Floor, Evanston, Illinois 60201. 

(9) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, Jane Street Group, LLC has shared voting and dispositive power
with regard to 1,335,727 Class A common stock, Jane Street Capital, LLC has shared voting and dispositive power with regard to 136,000
Class A common stock and Jane Street Global Trading, LLC has shared voting and dispositive power with regard to 1,199,727 Class A common
stock. The business address of these reporting persons is 250 Vesey Street, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10281. 

(10) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on March 14, 2023, Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P., RGC Management Company, LLC,
Steven B. Katznelson, Christopher Hinkel, Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P. and Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC have shared voting and dispositive
power over the shares of Class A common stock shown here. According to such Schedule 13G, Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. is the relevant
entity for which RGC Management Company, LLC, Steven B. Katznelson and Christopher Hinkel may be considered control persons, and Radcliffe
SPAC Master Fund, L.P. is the relevant entity for which Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC, Steven B. Katznelson and Christopher Hinkel may be considered
control persons. The business address of these reporting persons is 50 Monument Road, Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. 

Our initial stockholders beneficially own approximately 50 of the
issued and outstanding shares of common stock and have the right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial Business Combination
as a result of holding all of the Founder Shares. Holders of our Public Shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our
board of directors prior to our initial Business Combination. In addition, because of their ownership block, our initial stockholders
may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including amendments to
our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Founder Shares 

On August 14, 2020, the initial stockholders purchased 7,187,500 shares
of Class B common stock (the Founder Shares for an aggregate consideration of 25,000. The Founder Shares included an aggregate
of up to 937,500 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture by the initial stockholders to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the initial stockholders would own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the
Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the initial stockholders did not purchase any
Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). The underwriters elected not to exercise their remaining over-allotment and, accordingly,
937,500 Founder Shares were forfeited resulting in 6,250,000 Founder Shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

62 

The initial stockholders have agreed that, subject to certain limited
exceptions, the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until the earlier of (A) one year after
the completion of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class
A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the
date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of
the stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our
Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate
purchase price of 7,000,000. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds
from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one share of Class A common
stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. If we do not complete a Business Combination by September 16, 2023, the proceeds
from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject
to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

Registration Rights 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into on March 11,
2021, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital
Loans (and any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion
of the Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) are entitled to registration rights requiring the Company to register
such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to shares of Class A common stock). The holders of
these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities.
In addition, the holders will have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed
subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule
415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not be required to effect or permit any
registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. We will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

63 

Related Party Notes 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business
Combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of our directors and officers may, but are
not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If we complete a Business Combination, we would
repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be
repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion
of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used
to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business
Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private
Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, there are no amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

We entered into an agreement whereby, commencing on March 11, 2021,
we agreed to pay our Sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, administrative and support services. Upon completion
of a Business Combination or its liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred
 120,000 in fees for these services, of which no amounts are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. 

Convertible Promissory Note 

As previously disclosed, on February 17, 2023, we entered the Sponsor
Loan with our Sponsor. Pursuant to the Sponsor Loan, the Sponsor has agreed that it will contribute to the Company as a loan (each loan
being referred to herein as a Contribution the lesser of (A) 0.04 for each share of Class A common stock of the Company
that was not redeemed in connection with the stockholder vote to approve certain amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation
at the special meeting of stockholders held on March 10, 2023, and (B) 300,000.00, for each month (or a pro rata portion thereof if less
than a month) until the earlier of (i) the date of the special meeting held in connection with the stockholder vote to approve the Company s
initial Business Combination and (ii) the Extended Date. Up to 1.5 million of the loans may be settled in whole warrants to purchase
shares of Class A common stock at a conversion price equal to 1.50 per warrant. The Contribution(s) will not bear any interest, and will
be repayable by the Company to the Sponsor upon the earlier of the date by which the Company must complete an initial business combination
and the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. The Company s board of directors will have the sole discretion
whether to continue extending for up to six months, and if the Company s board of directors determines not to continue extending
for additional months, the Sponsor s obligation to make additional Contributions will terminate. If this occurs, the Company would
wind up the Company s affairs and redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares in accordance with the procedures set forth in the
Company s certificate of incorporation. Monthly deposits into the Company s trust account are based on the number of public
shares still outstanding following the amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation. The maturity date of the Sponsor
Loan may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined therein). Any outstanding principal under the Sponsor Loan
may be prepaid at any time by the Company, at its election and without penalty, provided, however, that the Sponsor shall have a right
to first convert such principal balance as described in Section 6 of the Sponsor Loan upon notice of such prepayment. 

Sponsor Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company,
Force, the Sponsor and other holders of shares of Company Class B Common Stock entered into the Sponsor Support Agreement, pursuant to
which the Support Parties agreed to, among other things, vote in favor of the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby,
in each case, subject to the terms and conditions contemplated by the Sponsor Support Agreement. The Sponsor Support Agreement will terminate
and be of no further force or effect upon the earliest of (i) the Expiration Time (as defined in the Sponsor Support Agreement), (ii)
the liquidation of the Company and (iii) the written agreement of the Sponsor, Force Members, and Force. 

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 

The Purchase Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, the Company,
the Sponsor, holders of shares of Company Class B Common Stock and certain Force Members will enter into an Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement, pursuant to which the Company will agree to register for resale, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, certain
shares of Company Common Stock and other equity securities of the Company that are held by the parties thereto from time to time. 

Lock-Up Agreement 

The Purchase Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, the Company,
the Sponsor, holders of shares of Company Class B Common Stock and certain Force Members will enter into Lock-Up Agreements restricting
the transfer of Company Common Stock, Private Placement Warrants (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), and any Common Units issued in
connection with the Transaction, as applicable. The lock-up period for Company Common Stock is 180 days after the Closing, subject to
early termination (i) of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction of Force after the Closing
or (ii) upon the stock price of Company Common Stock reaching 12.00 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Closing. 

64 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and
Services. 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to
be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by
Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of
our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required
filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 143,479 and 96,995, respectively. The above amounts include
interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning
financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax
planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for
other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial
Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior
to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a
going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed
for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in
the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

65 

Part
IV. 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The following documents
are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID number F-1 Financial Statements F-1 Balance Sheets F-2 Statements of Operations F-3 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) F-4 Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 to F-25 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in
the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities
maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public
Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

66 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 
Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
balance sheets of Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements
of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has
a working capital deficit and needs to complete a Business Combination by the close of business on September 16, 2023, otherwise the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audits of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/ 
Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2020 . 

March 30, 2023 

F- 1 

STRATIM CLOUD ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Marketable Securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 6) 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption shares at redemption value of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding (excluding 25,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 2 

STRATIM CLOUD ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Transaction costs associated with Initial Public Offering 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income, net 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

STRATIM CLOUD ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 
Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance January 1, 2021 

Accretion to shares subject to redemption 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion to shares subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

STRATIM CLOUD ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Deferred tax benefit 

Transaction costs allocable to warrant liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Advances from related party 

Repayment of advances from related party 

Proceeds from promissory note related party 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Accretion to shares subject to redemption 

Forfeiture of founder shares 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

STRATIM CLOUD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public
Shares at per unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 
per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Stratim Cloud Acquisition LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds
of , which is described in Note 4. 

, consisting
of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

of the value of the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust
Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

F- 6 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination
with respect to the Company s warrants. 

either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business
Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.
If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons,
the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ),
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is
required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem
shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company
seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor and other holders of the Company s shares of Class
B common stock prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Initial Stockholders have agreed to vote their
Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving
a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares, without voting, and if they do
vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination. 

or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to
any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the
public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. However, if the Initial
Stockholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

F- 7 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants,
which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

). 

per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per
Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable; provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under
the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to
be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by
endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective
target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

F- 8 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased
at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

in its operating bank accounts, in marketable securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination
or to repurchase or redeem stock in connection therewith and working capital deficit of . 

F- 9 

F- 10 

F- 11 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

have been charged
to stockholders deficit and of offering costs associated with warrant and forward purchase unit issuance cost has been
expensed on the Company s statements of operations. 

for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to warrant liabilities, which represents the difference between the fair value
and purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants. Additionally, the Company has recorded changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities
within the Company s Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For periods subsequent to the detachment
of the Public Warrants from the Units, the Public Warrant quoted market price will be used as the fair value as of each relevant date. 

F- 12 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The
effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to changes in
fair value in warrant liability and the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

shares of Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted income
per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the
Company did not have any other dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into shares of
common stock and then share in earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income per common stock is the same as basic net income
per common stock for the period presented. 

F- 13 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per common stock

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company
is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit. 

F- 14 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement
Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of . The Sponsor has agreed to purchase up to a total of Private Placement
Warrants, for an aggregate purchase price of , if the over-allotment option is exercised in full by the underwriter. A portion
of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in
the Trust Account. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at a price of per share,
subject to adjustment (see Note 8). If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds
from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject
to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

shares of Class B common stock (the Founder Shares for an aggregate consideration of . The Founder Shares
included an aggregate of up to shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture by the Initial Stockholders to the extent
that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Initial Stockholders would own, on an as-converted
basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Initial Stockholders did
not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). The underwriters elected not to exercise their remaining over-allotment
and, accordingly, Founder Shares were forfeited resulting in Founder Shares issued and outstanding as of December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

per month for office space, utilities, administrative
and support services. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 120,000 in fees for these services, of which 60,000 of such amount is included
in accrued expenses in the accompanying December 31, 2022 balance sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and
paid 95,000 in fees for these services. No amounts remain outstanding under the agreement as of December 31, 2021. 

F- 15 

was repaid
at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on March 16, 2021. 

. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) June 30, 2021 or (i) the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of was repaid at the closing of the Initial
Public Offering on March 16, 2021. 

No amounts of the Working Capital Loans have been
drawn or are outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 16 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. The underwriters elected not to exercise their remaining over-allotment. 

per Unit, or in the aggregate. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of per
Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Common Units from Force Members for prior to any Net
Working Capital Adjustment (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and the Force Members will retain at least of the total Common Units
issued and outstanding immediately after the Recapitalization (the Retained Units ). 

F- 17 

cash per unit and share, as applicable, of Earnout Equity within thirty (30) calendar days of determination of the 2023 EBITDA
or (ii) if the volume weighted average closing sale price of the Company Class A Common Stock for the five (5) trading days following
public announcement of the 2023 EBITDA (the Company Trading Price exceeds per share, by delivering the number of
shares of Company Class A Common Stock equal to (x) the aggregate number of units and shares, as applicable, of Earnout Equity multiplied
by , divided by (y) the Company Trading Price, subject to the adjustment provided in the Purchase Agreement. 

of its outstanding public shares; and (v)
by either the Company or Force in certain other circumstances set forth in the Purchase Agreement, including (a) if any Governmental Authority
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) has issued or otherwise entered a final, non-appealable order making consummation of the Transaction
illegal or otherwise preventing or prohibiting consummation of the Transaction, (b) if any of the closing conditions have not been satisfied
or waived by September 16, 2023, subject to certain limitations as provided in the Purchase Agreement or (c) in the event of certain uncured
breaches by the other party. 

F- 18 

(as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for
any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Closing. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of Class A common stock issued
and outstanding, excluding shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption which are presented as temporary equity. 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of common stock issued
and outstanding. 

of the aggregate number of all shares
of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus the aggregate number of shares of Class A common
stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class
A common stock redeemed in connection with a Business Combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be
issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor
or any of our officers or directors. 

F- 19 

after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 20 

F- 21 

Startup/Organization Expenses 

Unrealized gain - Trust 

Total deferred tax assets (liability) 

Change in valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

and , respectively. 

F- 22 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Transaction costs warrants 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 23 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities- Public Warrants 
 1 

Warrant liabilities- Private Placement Warrants 
 2 

Warrant liabilities- Private Placement Warrants 
 3 

Stock Price 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Change in fair value 

Transfers out of level 3 into level 1 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value 

Transfers out of level 3 into level 2 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

F- 24 

in the fair value hierarchy for the year ended December 31, 2021 for the
Public Warrants. During the second quarter of 2022, there were transfers out of Level 3 into level 2 of . 

, the Sponsor will contribute to the Company as a loan (the Contribution(s) the lesser of (A) 0.04 for
each share of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company that was not redeemed in connection with the stockholder
vote to approve the Amendments and (B) 300,000.00, for each month (or a pro rata portion thereof if less than a month) until the earlier
of (i) the date of the special meeting held in connection with the stockholder vote to approve the Company s initial business combination
and the Extended Date. Up to million of the loans may be settled in whole warrants to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock at
a conversion price equal to per warrant. The Contribution(s) will not bear any interest, and will be repayable by the Company to
the Sponsor upon the earlier of the date by which the Company must complete an initial business combination and the consummation of the
Company s initial business combination. The Company s board of directors will have the sole discretion whether to continue
extending for up to six months, and if the Company s board of directors determines not to continue extending for additional months,
the Sponsor s obligation to make additional Contributions will terminate. If this occurs, the Company would wind up the Company s
affairs and redeem of the outstanding public shares in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Company s certificate
of incorporation. Monthly deposits into the Company s trust account following approval and implementation of the Amendments are
be based on the number of public shares still outstanding following such implementation. In connection with the implementation of the
Amendments, the Company s stockholders elected to redeem an aggregate of shares (each share at valued approximately 
per share and totaling ). The Company s stockholders also voted to extend the date by which the Company must consummate
an initial business combination from March 16, 2023, to September 16, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the Company s
Board of Directors, as described above, and the Company s stockholders also approved the proposals to amend the Certificate of Incorporation,
as described above. 

F- 25 

(b) Exhibits: The exhibits
listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibits 
 
 2.1 
 
 Membership Interests Purchase Agreement, dated March 21, 2023, by and among Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp., Force Pressure Control, LLC and each of the individuals listed on the signature page thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2023) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 
 
 3.2 (1) 
 
 Bylaws of the Company. 
 
 4.1 (2) 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 
 
 4.02 (3) 
 
 Description of Company s Securities. 
 
 10.1 (2) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors. 
 
 10.2 (2) 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. 
 
 10.3 (2) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other security holders party thereto. 
 
 10.4 (2) 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 
 
 10.5 (2) 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 
 
 10.6 (2) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between the Company and Sreekanth Ravi. 
 
 10.7 (2) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between the Company and Zachary Abrams. 
 
 10.8 (2) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between the Company and Doug Bergeron. 
 
 10.9 (2) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between the Company and Laurence Katz. 
 
 10.10 (3) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between the Company and Kabir Misra. 
 
 10.11 (4) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated May 1, 2022, between the Company and John Wagner. 
 
 10.12 (5) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2023. 
 
 10.13 (6) 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of February 17, 2023, by and between Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp. and Stratim Cloud Acquisition, LLC 
 
 10.14 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated March 21, 2023, by and among Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp., Stratim Cloud Acquisition, LLC, Force Pressure Control, LLC and each of the individuals listed on the signature page thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2023) 
 
 14.01 (3) 
 
 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct of Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Scheules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation
S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 

(1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 17, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2021. 

(3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2021. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022. 

(5) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2023. 

(6) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2023. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

67 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

STRATIM CLOUD ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Sreekanth Ravi 

Sreekanth Ravi 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Zachary Abrams 

Zachary Abrams 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Sreekanth Ravi 

Name: 
 Sreekanth Ravi 

Title: 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Zachary Abrams 

Name: 
 Zachary Abrams 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Strategy Officer, 

Secretary and Director (Principal Financial 

and Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ John Wagner 

Name: 
 John Wagner 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Doug Bergeron 

Name: 
 Doug Bergeron 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Kabir Misra 

Name: 
 Kabir Misra 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

68 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-1_stratim.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
OF 
STRATIM CLOUD ACQUISITION CORP. 

March 10, 2023 

Stratim Cloud Acquisition
Corp., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation ), DOES
HEREBY CERTIFY AS FOLLOWS: 

1. The
name of the Corporation is Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp . The original certificate of incorporation of the
Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 29, 2020 (the Original Certificate ). 

2. This
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate was duly adopted
by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board and the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance
with Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended from time to time (the DGCL ). 

3. This
Amended and Restated Certificate restates, integrates and amends the provisions of the Original Certificate. Certain capitalized terms
used in this Amended and Restated Certificate are defined where appropriate herein. 

4. The
text of the Original Certificate is hereby restated and amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 
 
NAME 

The name of the corporation
is Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp. (the Corporation ). 

ARTICLE
II 
 
PURPOSE 

The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL. In addition to the powers and privileges
conferred upon the Corporation by law and those incidental thereto, the Corporation shall possess and may exercise all the powers and
privileges that are necessary or convenient to the conduct, promotion or attainment of the business or purposes of the Corporation, including,
but not limited to, effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination, involving the Corporation and one or more businesses (a Business Combination ). 

ARTICLE
III 
 
REGISTERED AGENT 

The address of the registered
office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19808. The name
of the Corporation s registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company. 

ARTICLE
IV 
 
CAPITALIZATION 

Section 4.1 Authorized
Capital Stock . The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share, which the
Corporation is authorized to issue is 86,000,000, consisting of (a) 85,000,000 shares of common stock, including
(i) 75,000,000 shares of Class A common stock (the Class A Common Stock and (ii) 10,000,000
shares of Class B common stock (the Class B Common Stock , and together with the Class A Common Stock,
the Common Stock ), and (b) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock (the Preferred
Stock ). 

Section 4.2 Preferred
Stock . Subject to Article IX of this Amended and Restated Certificate, the Preferred Stock may be issued from time to
time in one or more series. The Board is hereby expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of shares of the Preferred Stock in
one or more series and to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the voting rights,
if any, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, if any, of each such series
and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board
providing for the issuance of such series and included in a certificate of designation (a Preferred Stock Designation filed pursuant to the DGCL, and the Board is hereby expressly vested with the authority to the full extent provided by law, now or hereafter,
to adopt any such resolution or resolutions. 

Section 4.3 Common Stock . 

(a) Except
as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the
Common Stock shall exclusively possess all voting power with respect to the Corporation. Subject to the provisions in Article IX 
hereof, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on each matter properly submitted to the
stockholders on which the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to vote. 

(b) Class
B Common Stock. 

(i) Shares
of Class B Common Stock shall be convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis (the Initial Conversion
Ratio (A) at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof and (B) automatically on the
closing of the initial Business Combination. 

(ii) Notwithstanding
the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional shares of Class A Common Stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed
issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Corporation s initial public offering of securities (the Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, all issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock shall automatically
convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the closing of the initial Business Combination at a ratio for which: 

the numerator shall be equal to the sum of (A) 25 of all shares of Class A Common Stock issued or
issuable (upon the conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or otherwise) in each case by the Corporation related to or
in connection with the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock redeemed
in connection with the initial Business Combination and excluding any securities issued or issuable to any seller in the initial Business
Combination) plus (B) the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the closing of the initial Business
Combination; and 

the denominator shall be the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to
the closing of the initial Business Combination. 

2 

As used herein, the term equity-linked
securities means any debt or equity securities of the Corporation that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A
Common Stock issued in a financing transaction in connection with the initial Business Combination, including but not limited to a private
placement of equity or debt. 

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, (i) the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance
or deemed issuance of additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities by the written consent or agreement of holders
of a majority of the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding consenting or agreeing separately as a single class and (ii) in
no event shall the Class B Common Stock convert into Class A Common Stock at a ratio that is less than one-for-one. 

The foregoing conversion ratio
shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by stock split, subdivision, exchange, stock dividend, reclassification, recapitalization
or otherwise) or combination (by reverse stock split, exchange, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) or similar reclassification
or recapitalization of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original
filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification
or recapitalization of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. 

Each share of Class B Common
Stock shall convert into its pro rata number of shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) . The
 pro rata share for each holder of Class B Common Stock will be determined as follows: Each share of Class B Common Stock shall
convert into such number of shares of Class A Common Stock as is equal to the product of one (1) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator
of which shall be the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock into which all of the issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common
Stock shall be converted pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) and the denominator of which shall be the total number of issued
and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock at the time of conversion. 

(c) Except
as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation and Section 9.9 
hereof), at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, the holders of the Class A Common Stock and the holders
of the Class B Common Stock, voting together as a single class, shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and
on all other matters properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required by
law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including a Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the Common Stock shall not be entitled
to vote on any amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any amendment to any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates
solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of the Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series of Preferred Stock
are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Amended
and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation) or the DGCL. 

(d) Subject
to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock and the provisions of Article IX 
hereof, the holders of the shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions (payable in cash,
property or capital stock of the Corporation) when, as and if declared thereon by the Board from time to time out of any assets or funds
of the Corporation legally available therefor, and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and distributions. 

(e) Subject
to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock and the provisions of Article IX 
hereof, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, after payment or provision
for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation, the holders of the shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive
all the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, ratably in proportion to the number of shares
of the Common Stock held by them. 

3 

Section 4.4 Rights and
Options . The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to purchase
shares of any class or series of the Corporation s capital stock or other securities of the Corporation, and such rights, warrants
and options shall be evidenced by or in instrument(s) approved by the Board. The Board is empowered to set the exercise price, duration,
times for exercise and other terms and conditions of such rights, warrants or options; provided, however , that the consideration
to be received for any shares of capital stock subject thereto may not be less than the par value thereof. 

ARTICLE
V 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Section 5.1 Board Powers .
The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by, or under the direction of, the Board. In addition to the powers and
authority expressly conferred upon the Board by statute, this Amended and Restated Certificate or the Bylaws of the Corporation (the
 Bylaws ), the Board is hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may
be exercised or done by the Corporation, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the DGCL and this Amended and Restated Certificate
and the Bylaws. 

Section 5.2 Number,
Election and Term . 

(a) The
number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time in the manner provided in the Bylaws. 

(b) Subject
to Section 5.5 hereof, commencing at the first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, and at each annual meeting
of the stockholders thereafter, directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be elected for a term of office
to expire at the second annual meeting of the stockholders after their election. 

(c) Subject
to Section 5.5 hereof, a director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires
and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation,
retirement, disqualification or removal. 

(d) Unless
and except to the extent that the Bylaws shall so require, the election of directors need not be by written ballot. The holders of shares
of Common Stock shall not have cumulative voting rights. 

Section 5.3 Newly Created
Directorships and Vacancies . Subject to Sections 5.5 and 9.9 hereof, newly created directorships resulting from
an increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification,
removal or other cause may be filled solely and exclusively by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office, even if less
than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director (and not by stockholders), and any director so chosen shall hold office for the remainder
of the full term of the director to which the new directorship was added or in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor
has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or
removal. 

Section 5.4 Removal .
Subject to Section 5.5 hereof and except as otherwise provided for by this Amended and Restated Certificate (including as
set forth on Section 9.9 hereof), any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause
and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Corporation then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

Section 5.5 Preferred
Stock Directors . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article V , and except as otherwise required by law,
whenever the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock shall have the right, voting separately by class or series, to elect
one or more directors, the term of office, the filling of vacancies, the removal from office and other features of such directorships
shall be governed by the terms of such series of the Preferred Stock as set forth in this Amended and Restated Certificate (including
any Preferred Stock Designation) and such directors shall not be included in any of the classes created pursuant to this Article V
 unless expressly provided by such terms. 

4 

ARTICLE
VI 
 
BYLAWS 

In furtherance and not in
limitation of the powers conferred upon it by law, the Board shall have the power and is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, alter or
repeal the Bylaws. The affirmative vote of a majority of the Board shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. The
Bylaws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders of the Corporation; provided, however , that in addition
to any vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Amended and Restated
Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power
of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together
as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders of the Corporation to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws; and provided
further , however , that no Bylaws hereafter adopted by the stockholders of the Corporation shall invalidate any prior act of
the Board that would have been valid if such Bylaws had not been adopted. 

ARTICLE
VII 
 
MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS; ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT 

Section 7.1 Meetings .
Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, and to the requirements of applicable
law, special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chairman of the Board (or, if applicable, any Co-Chairman
of the Board), Chief Executive Officer (or, if applicable, any Co-Chief Executive Officer) of the Corporation, or the Board pursuant
to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board, and the ability of the stockholders of the Corporation to call a special meeting
is hereby specifically denied. 

Section 7.2 Advance
Notice . Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before
any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws. 

Section 7.3 Action by
Written Consent . Subsequent to the consummation of the Offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders
of the Corporation must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such holders and may not be effected by written consent
of the stockholders of the Corporation other than with respect to Class B Common Stock with respect to which action may be taken by written
consent. 

ARTICLE
VIII 
 
LIMITED LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 8.1 Limitation
of Director Liability . Unless a director violated his or her duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, acted in bad
faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions,
or derived improper personal benefit from his or her actions as a director, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable
to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption
from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. Any amendment, modification
or repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation hereunder in
respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, modification or repeal. 

5 

Section 8.2 Indemnification
and Advancement of Expenses . 

(a) To
the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify, defend
and hold harmless each person who is or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened,
pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation,
is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership,
joint venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (an indemnitee ),
whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other
capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including, without
limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, excise taxes and penalties under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and
amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such indemnitee in connection with such proceeding. The Corporation shall to the fullest
extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an indemnitee in defending or otherwise
participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however , that, to the extent required by applicable
law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking,
by or on behalf of the indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that the indemnitee is not entitled
to be indemnified under this Section 8.2 or otherwise. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred
by this Section 8.2 shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director,
officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section 8.2(a) , except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses,
the Corporation shall indemnify and advance expenses to an indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such
indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. 

(b) The
rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred on any indemnitee by this Section 8.2 shall not be exclusive
of any other rights that any indemnitee may have or hereafter acquire under law, this Amended and Restated Certificate, the Bylaws, an
agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. 

(c) Any
repeal or amendment of this Section 8.2 by the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in law, or the adoption of any
other provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate inconsistent with this Section 8.2 , shall, unless otherwise required
by law, be prospective only (except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification
rights on a retroactive basis than permitted prior thereto), and shall not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection
existing at the time of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision in respect of any proceeding (regardless of
when such proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to
such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. 

(d) This
 Section 8.2 shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law,
to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than indemnitees. 

ARTICLE
IX 
 
BUSINESS COMBINATION REQUIREMENTS; EXISTENCE 

Section 9.1 General . 

(a) The
provisions of this Article IX shall apply during the period commencing upon the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated
Certificate and terminating upon the consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination and no amendment to this Article IX 
shall be effective prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination unless approved by the affirmative vote of the holders
of at least sixty-five percent (65 of all then outstanding shares of the Common Stock. 

6 

(b) Immediately
after the Offering, a certain amount of the net offering proceeds received by the Corporation in the Offering (including the proceeds
of any exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional securities) and certain other amounts specified in the Corporation s
registration statement on Form S-1, as initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 16, 2021, as amended (the Registration Statement ), shall be deposited in a trust account (the
 Trust Account ), established for the benefit of the Public Stockholders (as defined below) pursuant to a trust
agreement described in the Registration Statement. Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, none of the funds held in the Trust
Account (including the interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account) will be released from the Trust Account until the earliest
of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of 100 of the Offering Shares (as defined below) if the
Corporation is unable to complete its initial Business Combination by September 16, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the Board
of Directors of the Corporation, and (iii) the redemption of Offering Shares in connection with a vote seeking to amend any provisions
of this Amended and Restated Certificate (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Corporation s obligation to allow redemptions
in connection with the Corporation s initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of the Offering Shares if the Corporation has
not consummated an initial Business Combination by September 16, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation, or (B) relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity (as described in Section
9.7 ). Holders of shares of the Corporation s Common Stock included as part of the units sold in the Offering (the Offering
Shares (whether such Offering Shares were purchased in the Offering or in the secondary market following the Offering
and whether or not such holders are Stratim Cloud Acquisition, LLC (the Sponsor or officers or directors
of the Corporation, or affiliates of any of the foregoing) are referred to herein as Public Stockholders . 

Section 9.2 Redemption
Rights . 

(a) Prior
to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall provide all holders of Offering Shares with the opportunity
to have their Offering Shares redeemed (which redemption may be in the form of a repurchase by the Corporation) upon the consummation
of the initial Business Combination pursuant to, and subject to the limitations of, Sections 9.2(b) and 9.2(c) (such rights
of such holders to have their Offering Shares redeemed pursuant to such Sections, the Redemption Rights hereof
for cash equal to the applicable redemption price per share determined in accordance with Section 9.2(b) hereof (the Redemption
Price ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate, there shall be no
Redemption Rights or liquidating distributions with respect to any warrant issued pursuant to the Offering. 

(b) If
the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares other than in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination
with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act (or any successor rules or regulations) and filing proxy materials with the SEC, the Corporation shall offer to redeem
the Offering Shares upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, in accordance
with the provisions of Section 9.2(a) hereof pursuant to a tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E
of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule or regulation) (such rules and regulations hereinafter called the Tender Offer
Rules which it shall commence prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination and shall file tender offer
documents with the SEC prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination that contain substantially the same financial and
other information about the initial Business Combination and the Redemption Rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act (or any successor rule or regulation) (such rules and regulations hereinafter called the Proxy Solicitation Rules ),
even if such information is not required under the Tender Offer Rules; provided, however , that if a stockholder vote is required
by law to approve the proposed initial Business Combination, or the Corporation decides to submit the proposed initial Business Combination
to the stockholders for their approval for business or other reasons, the Corporation shall offer to redeem the Offering Shares, subject
to lawfully available funds therefor, in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.2(a) hereof in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to the Proxy Solicitation Rules (and not the Tender Offer Rules) at a price per share equal to the Redemption Price
calculated in accordance with the following provisions of this Section 9.2(b) . In the event that the Corporation offers to
redeem the Offering Shares pursuant to a tender offer in accordance with the Tender Offer Rules, the Redemption Price per share of the
Common Stock payable to holders of the Offering Shares tendering their Offering Shares pursuant to such tender offer shall be equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing: (i) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the
consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest (net of taxes payable), by (ii) the total number of then outstanding
Offering Shares. If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on the proposed initial
Business Combination pursuant to a proxy solicitation, the Redemption Price per share of the Common Stock payable to holders of the Offering
Shares exercising their Redemption Rights shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the aggregate amount on deposit
in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest (net of
taxes payable), by (b) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares. 

7 

(c) If
the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination pursuant
to a proxy solicitation, a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder
is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), shall be restricted from
redeeming Offering Shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the Offering Shares without the consent of the Corporation. 

(d) In
the event that the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination by September 16, 2023, or such earlier date as determined
by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, the Corporation shall (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem
100 of the Offering Shares in consideration of a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of such net interest
to pay dissolution expenses), by (B) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
rights of the Public Stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as
reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Board in accordance with
applicable law, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Corporation s obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims
of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. 

(e) If
the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination, the Corporation
shall consummate the proposed initial Business Combination only if such initial Business Combination is approved by the affirmative vote
of the holders of a majority of the shares of the Common Stock that are voted at a stockholder meeting held to consider such initial Business
Combination. 

Section 9.3 Distributions
from the Trust Account . 

(a) A
Public Stockholder shall be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only as provided in Sections 9.2(a) , 9.2(b) ,
 9.2(d) or 9.7 hereof. In no other circumstances shall a Public Stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in or
to distributions from the Trust Account, and no stockholder other than a Public Stockholder shall have any interest in or to the Trust
Account. 

(b) Each
Public Stockholder that does not exercise its Redemption Rights shall retain its interest in the Corporation and shall be deemed to have
given its consent to the release of the remaining funds in the Trust Account to the Corporation, and following payment to any Public Stockholders
exercising their Redemption Rights, the remaining funds in the Trust Account shall be released to the Corporation. 

(c) The
exercise by a Public Stockholder of the Redemption Rights (and any withdrawal of any exercise of such rights) shall be conditioned on
such Public Stockholder following the specific procedures for redemptions (or withdrawals, as applicable) set forth by the Corporation
in any applicable tender offer or proxy materials sent to the Corporation s Public Stockholders relating to the proposed initial
Business Combination. Payment of the amounts necessary to satisfy the Redemption Rights properly exercised shall be made as promptly as
practical after the consummation of the initial Business Combination. 

Section 9.4 Share Issuances .
Prior to the consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall not issue any additional shares
of capital stock of the Corporation that would entitle the holders thereof to receive funds from the Trust Account or vote on any initial
Business Combination or on any amendment to this Article IX . 

8 

Section 9.5 Transactions
with Affiliates . In the event the Corporation enters into an initial Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated
with the Sponsor, or the directors or officers of the Corporation, the Corporation, or a committee of the independent directors of the
Corporation, shall obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority or from an independent accounting firm that such Business Combination is fair to the Corporation from a financial point of
view. 

Section 9.6 No Transactions
with Other Blank Check Companies . The Corporation shall not enter into an initial Business Combination with solely another blank
check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

Section 9.7 Additional
Redemption Rights . If, in accordance with Section 9.1(a) , any amendment is made to Section 9.2(d) that would modify
the substance or timing of the Corporation s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with an initial Business Combination
or to redeem 100 of the Offering Shares if the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination by September 16, 2023,
or such earlier date as determined by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or with respect to any other provision herein relating
to stockholder s rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, the Public Stockholders shall be provided with the opportunity
to redeem their Offering Shares upon the approval of any such amendment, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering
Shares. 

Section 9.8 Minimum
Value of Target . The Corporation s initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together
have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting
discount). 

Section 9.9 Appointment
and Removal of Directors . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Amended and Restated Certificate, prior to the closing of the
initial Business Combination, the holders of Class B Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to elect, remove and replace any director,
and the holders of Class A Common Stock shall have no right to vote on the election, removal or replacement of any director. This Section 9.9
 may only be amended by a resolution passed by holders of a majority of at least ninety percent (90 of the outstanding Common Stock
entitled to vote thereon. 

Section 9.10 Approval
of Business Combination . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Amended and Restated Certificate, approval of the initial Business
Combination shall require the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board, which must include a majority of the Corporation s independent
directors. 

ARTICLE
X 
 
CORPORATE OPPORTUNITY 

Prior to the consummation
of the Corporation s initial Business Combination, the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any other analogous doctrine, shall
not apply with respect to the Corporation or any of its officers or directors in circumstances where the application of any such doctrine
to a corporate opportunity would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have as of the date of this Amended
and Restated Certificate or in the future, and the Corporation renounces any expectancy that any of the directors or officers of the Corporation
will offer any such corporate opportunity of which he or she may become aware to the Corporation. In addition to the foregoing, prior
to the consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination, the doctrine of corporate opportunity shall not apply to
any other corporate opportunity with respect to any of the directors or officers of the Corporation unless such corporate opportunity
is offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation and such opportunity is one the Corporation
is legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for the Corporation to pursue and the director or
officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to the Corporation without violating any legal obligation. 

9 

ARTICLE
XI 
 
AMENDMENT OF AMENDED AND RESTATED 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

The Corporation reserves the
right to at any time and from time to time amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate
(including any Preferred Stock Designation), and other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force
that may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by this Amended and Restated Certificate and the DGCL; and, except
as set forth in Article VIII , all rights, preferences and privileges of whatever nature herein conferred upon stockholders,
directors or any other persons by and pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate in its present form or as hereafter amended are
granted subject to the right reserved in this Article XI ; provided, however , that Article IX of this Amended
and Restated Certificate may be amended only as provided therein. 

ARTICLE
XII 
 
EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LAWSUITS 

Section 12.1 Forum .
Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary
duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders,
or any claim for aiding and abetting such alleged breach, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors,
officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or this Amended and Restated Certificate or the By-Laws, or (iv) any
action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except
for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above, any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party
not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum
other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery and the U.S. federal district court for the District of Delaware
does not have subject matter jurisdiction, as to which the Court of Chancery and the U.S. federal district court for the District of
Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 12.1
 shall not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal
district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to
the selection of an alternative forum, the U.S. federal district courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, against the Corporation or any director, officer, other
employee or agent of the Corporation. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of the Corporation
shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 12.1 . 

Section 12.2 Consent
to Jurisdiction . If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of Section 12.1 immediately above is filed
in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any
stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce Section 12.1 immediately
above (an FSC Enforcement Action and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any
such FSC Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 

Section 12.3 Severability .
If any provision or provisions of this Article XII shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any
person or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality and
enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article XII (including,
without limitation, each portion of any sentence of this Article XII containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons
or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this
 Article XII . 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Stratim
Cloud Acquisition Corp. has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate to be duly executed and acknowledged in its name and on its behalf
by an authorized officer as of the date first set forth above. 

Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ Sreekanth
 Ravi 

Name: 
 Sreekanth Ravi 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

[ Signature Page to Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation of 
Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp. ] 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_stratim.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Sreekanth Ravi, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Stratim Cloud
Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Sreekanth Ravi 

Sreekanth Ravi 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_stratim.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Zachary Abrams, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Stratim Cloud
Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Zachary Abrams 

Zachary Abrams 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_stratim.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Sreekanth Ravi 

Sreekanth Ravi 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_stratim.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Zachary Abrams 

Zachary Abrams 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 scaq-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 scaq-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 scaq-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 scaq-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 scaq-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

