<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_1307748_0001307748-23-000031.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14467733</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>286171</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2172597</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5335313</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3435402</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2999082</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001307748-23-000031.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221162408
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001307748-23-000031
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			InvenTrust Properties Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001307748
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				342019608
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40896
		FILM NUMBER:		23648549

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3025 HIGHLAND PARKWAY SUITE 350
		CITY:			DOWNERS GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60515
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-377-0510

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3025 HIGHLAND PARKWAY SUITE 350
		CITY:			DOWNERS GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60515

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041103

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001307748-23-000031.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 ivtp-20221231.htm
 10-K

ivtp-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of February 1, 2023, there were shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 
 At June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock, 0.001 par value, held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion (based upon the closing sale price of the common stock on June 30, 2022 on The New York Stock Exchange). 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

INVENTRUST PROPERTIES CORP. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 
 Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 15 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 19 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 39 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 39 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 39 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 40 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 40 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 40 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 40 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 40 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 40 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 40 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 41 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 43 
 Signatures 
 44 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Annual Report"), other than purely historical information, are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act"). These statements include statements about InvenTrust Properties Corp.'s (the "Company") plans, objectives, strategies, financial performance and outlook, trends, the amount and timing of future cash distributions, prospects or future events; and they involve known and unknown risks that are difficult to predict. 
 As a result, our actual financial results, performance, achievements, or prospects may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "may," "could," "expect," "intend," "plan," "seek," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "guidance," "predict," "potential," "continue," "likely," "will," "would," "illustrative," and "should" and variations of these terms and similar expressions, or the negatives of these terms or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that, while we consider reasonable based on our knowledge and understanding of the business and industry, are inherently uncertain. These statements are expressed in good faith and are not guarantees of future performance or results. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements and stockholders should not rely on forward-looking statements in making investment decisions. 
 Our operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to: 
 our ability to collect rent from tenants or to rent space on favorable terms or at all; 
 declaration of bankruptcy by our retail tenants; 
 the economic success and viability of our anchor retail tenants; 
 our ability to identify, execute and complete acquisition opportunities and to integrate and successfully operate any retail properties acquired in the future and manage the risks associated with such retail properties; 
 our ability to manage the risks of expanding, developing or redeveloping our retail properties; 
 loss of members of our senior management team or other key personnel; 
 changes in the competitive environment in the leasing market and any other market in which we operate; 
 shifts in consumer retail shopping from brick and mortar stores to e-commerce; 
 the impact of leasing and capital expenditures to improve our retail properties to retain and attract tenants; 
 our ability to refinance or repay maturing debt or to obtain new financing on attractive terms; 
 future increases in interest rates; 
 the impact of inflation on us and our tenants; 
 our status as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") for federal tax purposes; 
 changes in federal, state or local tax law, including legislative, administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting REITs; and 
 the risks described under Part I, Item 1A. - Risk Factors " and " Part II, Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" ("MD A"), or identified elsewhere in this report. 
 All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth above. Forward-looking statements are only as of the date they are made; we do not undertake or assume any obligation to update publicly any of these forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, new information, future events, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking statements, except to the extent required by applicable law. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 

PART I 
 As used throughout this Annual Report, the terms "Company," "InvenTrust," "we," "us," or "our" mean InvenTrust Properties Corp., its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and its unconsolidated joint venture investments. Unless otherwise noted, all dollar amounts and square feet are stated in thousands, except per share and per square foot amounts. Any references to number of properties, square feet, tenant and occupancy data are unaudited. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 On October 4, 2004, we were incorporated as Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and have elected and operate in a manner to be taxed as a REIT for federal tax purposes. We changed our name to InvenTrust Properties Corp. in April 2015 and are focused on owning, leasing, redeveloping, acquiring and managing a multi-tenant retail platform. On October 12, 2021, the Company's shares of common stock were listed and began trading on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the ticker symbol "IVT" (the "NYSE Listing"). 
 Our wholly-owned and managed retail properties include grocery-anchored community and neighborhood centers and power centers, including those classified as necessity-based. As of December 31, 2022, we owned or had an interest in 62 retail properties with a total gross leasable area ("GLA") of approximately 10.3 million square feet, which includes 4 retail properties with a GLA of approximately 1.1 million square feet owned through our 55 ownership interest in IAGM Retail Fund I, LLC ("IAGM"), an unconsolidated retail joint venture partnership between the Company and PGGM Private Real Estate Fund ("PGGM"). IAGM was formed on April 17, 2013 for the purpose of acquiring, owning, managing, and disposing of retail properties and sharing in the profits and losses from those retail properties and their activities. 
 On January 18, 2023, the Company acquired the four remaining retail properties from IAGM for an aggregate purchase price of 222.3 million by acquiring 100 of the membership interests in each of IAGM's wholly owned subsidiaries . The Company assumed aggregate mortgage debt of 92.5 million and funded the remaining balance with its available liquidity. Subsequent to the transaction, IAGM proportionately distributed substantially all net proceeds from the sale, of which the Company's share was approximately 71.4 million. In connection with the foregoing, IAGM adopted a liquidation plan on January 11, 2023. 
 Where appropriate, we have included results from the IAGM properties at 55 ("at share") when combined with our wholly-owned properties, defined as "Pro Rata Combined Retail Portfolio" within "Part I" and "Part II" of this Annual Report. The following table summarizes our retail portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 Wholly-Owned Retail Properties IAGM Retail Properties Pro Rata Combined Retail Portfolio No. of properties 58 4 62 GLA (square feet) 9,171 1,125 9,790 Economic occupancy (a) 94.2 90.2 93.9 Leased occupancy (b) 96.2 93.6 96.1 ABR PSF (c) 19.26 16.22 19.08 
 (a) Economic occupancy is defined as the percentage of occupied GLA divided by total GLA (excluding Specialty Leases) for which a tenant is obligated to pay rent under the terms of its lease agreement as of the rent commencement date, regardless of the actual use or occupancy by that tenant of the area being leased. Actual use may be less than economic occupancy. Specialty Leases represent leases of less than one year in duration for small shop space and include any term length for common area space. 
 (b) Leased occupancy is defined as economic occupancy plus the percentage of signed but not yet commenced GLA divided by total GLA. 
 (c) Annualized Base Rent ("ABR") is computed as base rent for the period multiplied by twelve months. Base rent is inclusive of ground rent and any abatement concessions, but excludes Specialty Lease rent. ABR per square foot ("PSF") is computed as ABR divided by the occupied square footage as of the end of the period. 
 
 1 

Business Strategy 
 InvenTrust is a premier Sun Belt, multi-tenant essential retail REIT that owns, leases, redevelops, acquires, and manages grocery-anchored neighborhood and community centers, as well as high-quality power centers that often have a grocery component. We pursue our business strategy by: 
 Acquiring retail properties in Sun Belt markets; 
 Opportunistically disposing of retail properties; 
 Maintaining a flexible capital structure; and 
 Enhancing our environmental, social and governance practices and standards. 
 Acquiring retail properties in Sun Belt markets. InvenTrust focuses on Sun Belt grocery-anchored neighborhood and community centers, and select power centers that often have a grocery component, in markets with favorable demographics, including above average growth in population, employment, income and education levels. We believe these conditions create favorable demand characteristics for grocery-anchored and necessity-based essential retail centers, which will position us to capitalize on potential future rent increases while benefiting from sustained occupancy at our centers. Our strategically located regional field offices are within a two-hour drive of over 95 of our properties which affords us the ability to respond to the needs of our tenants and provides us with in-depth local market knowledge. We believe that our Sun Belt portfolio of high quality grocery-anchored assets is a distinct differentiator for us in the marketplace. 
 Opportunistically disposing of retail properties. We continue to opportunistically dispose of properties where we believe they no longer meet our investment criteria. These dispositions will allow the Company to re-deploy the proceeds in more attractive opportunities in Sun Belt markets. 
 Maintaining a flexible capital structure. We believe our current capital structure provides us with the financial flexibility and capacity to fund our current capital needs as well as future growth opportunities. We believe we have the liquidity necessary to continue executing on our strategic and operational objectives while exhibiting focused and disciplined capital allocation. Our flexible capital structure and ample liquidity will allow us to take advantage of future growth opportunities that meet our investment criteria. 
 Enhancing our environmental, social and governance practices and standards . We continue to focus on environmental, social and governance ("ESG") practices and standards across our platform. We believe we can enhance our communities, conserve resources and foster a best-in-class working environment while growing long term stockholder value. We remain committed to transparency in our investment strategy with a focus on operating efficiency, responding to evolving trends, and addressing the needs of our tenants and communities by continuing to fully integrate environmental sustainability, social responsibility, and strong governance practices throughout our organization. We believe our concentrated portfolio and focused strategy will allow us to adapt to the evolving needs of stakeholders. 
 Competition 
 We compete with numerous companies and individuals engaged in the ownership, development, acquisition, and operation of shopping centers in Sun Belt markets, resulting in competition for attracting and retaining tenants and acquiring and disposing shopping centers. 
 Our commitment to Sun Belt markets and our strategically curated portfolio of predominantly necessity based grocery-anchored shopping centers provides a number of competitive advantages, including increased concentrations in high growth Sun Belt locations to capitalize on strong demographic trends, exposure to a strong operational footprint, and distinctive levels of Sun Belt real estate experience and expertise. Our local market presence is supported by seven field offices staffed with operational teams within two hours of over 95 of our shopping centers, which allows us to build deep real estate expertise and a strong reputation with market participants and with our anchor and small shop tenants. 
 Our ample liquidity, and sector-low leverage, provide an additional competitive advantage of flexibility to transact. Our concerted focus on Sun Belt markets provides us greater opportunity to carefully evaluate potential acquisitions. 
 
 2 

Human Capital Management 
 Our employees are our greatest asset and the foundation for our success. Together, we focus on building an inclusive culture where innovative thinking is valued, collaboration is essential, and communicating the "why" is a necessity. We are committed to creating a corporate culture characterized by high levels of employee engagement, growth and development, and health and wellness. We seek to attract and retain diverse and talented professionals who provide a wide range of opinions and experiences to drive our business forward. As of December 31, 2022, we have 106 full-time employees. 
 We define racial diversity as employees who are African American or Black, Alaskan Native or Native American, Asian, Hispanic or Latinx, and Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander. We define gender diversity as employees who identify as women. Overall diversity across our workforce is approximately 65 , including gender and racial/ethnic groups. Racial diversity across our workforce is 19 . Women represent approximately 59 of our employees. 
 Our Human Capital strategy is focused on talent management. The basis for hiring, development, training, compensation and advancement are qualifications, performance, skills and experience. We believe our employees are fairly compensated, without regard to gender, race, and ethnicity. All of our employees are offered a comprehensive benefits package, including, but not limited to, paid time off and parental leave, medical, dental and vision insurance, disability, life insurance, 401(k) matching, tuition reimbursement, flexible Fridays and work from home flexibility. 
 Employee engagement is critical to our success. We believe in fostering a highly engaged inclusive environment which drives growth and productivity. We believe that our heightened focus on development and health and wellness creates a more engaged workforce. In 2022, 81 of our employees were highly engaged and we were named of one Chicago's Top Workplaces by The Chicago Tribune. We believe that the more engaged our employees are the more likely productivity will increase and drive empowerment throughout the organization for our employees to act like owners. Our hybrid work model provides an opportunity for employees to balance work and life whether they are in the office or at home. We also host monthly events focused on employee education, health and wellness, engagement activities, and giving back to our communities. Our events consist of company-wide executive led meetings to stay connected with our employees, wellness competitions, food trucks, game days, happy hours, and charity events serving our communities. We are proud that 100 of our employees participated in charitable events giving back to our communities in 2022. We also implemented half day Fridays to help our employees balance work and life focusing on mental health as well as giving back to our communities through charitable endeavors. 
 We celebrate our employees' success through our Circle of Excellence awards. Our monthly, "On The Spot" award recognizes employees who go above and beyond their job. Our annual awards, the "Rising Star" and "Standing Ovation" recognize new employees and tenured employees who exhibit exceptional promise, ability, and our InvenTrust values. We monitor our performance through employee engagement surveys and utilize the results to continually improve our organization. 
 Environment, Social and Governance 
 ESG is not new to InvenTrust. Since 2013, we have participated in compiling and reporting on ESG metrics with GRESB (formerly "Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark"), an independent organization providing ESG performance data and peer benchmarks for investors and organizations. We believe we can enhance our communities, conserve resources and foster a best-in-class working environment while growing long-term stockholder value. In 2022, we issued our inaugural Environmental, Social and Governance Report ("2021 ESG Report"), set measurable 5-year targets, and increased our GRESB score by eight points over the prior year. 
 We remain committed to transparency in our investment strategy with a focus on operating efficiency, responding to evolving trends, and addressing the needs of our tenants and communities by continuing to fully integrate environmental sustainability, social responsibility, and strong governance practices throughout our organization. For the avoidance of doubt, neither our 2021 ESG Report nor any portion thereof is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 
 To date, compliance with federal, state and local environmental laws has not had a material adverse effect on our business, assets, results of operations, financial condition and/or our ability to pay distributions. We do not believe that our existing retail platform will require us to incur material expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. However, we acknowledge that ESG-related regulation, including environmental-related regulation and legislation, is evolving, and we cannot predict the impact of unforeseen ESG contingencies or new or changed laws or regulations on our properties, operations, and financials. 
 
 3 

Tax Status 
 We have elected and operate in a manner to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), beginning with the tax year ended December 31, 2005. To qualify as a REIT, we are generally required to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (subject to certain adjustments) to our stockholders each year (the "90 Distribution Requirement"). As a REIT, we are entitled to a tax deduction for some or all of the dividends paid to stockholders. Accordingly, we are generally not subject to federal income taxes as long as we currently distribute to stockholders an amount equal to or in excess of our taxable income. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, without the benefit of certain relief provisions, we will be subject to federal and state income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate tax rates. Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income, property or net worth and federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income. 
 Our Website and Availability of SEC Reports and Other Information 
 The Company maintains a website at the following address: www.inventrustproperties.com. The information on the Company's website is not incorporated by reference in this report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. In addition, we reference certain sources included on our website, including our ESG Report, in this Annual Report, and none of these are incorporated by reference in, or are otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report. 
 We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports we file with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. These include our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our current reports on Form 8-K. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the site is http://www.sec.gov. 
 Investors and others should note that InvenTrust routinely announces material information to investors and the marketplace using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and the InvenTrust investor relations website. We also intend to use certain social media channels as a means of disclosing information about us and our business to our colleagues, customers, investors and the public (e.g., the InvenTrust Twitter account (twitter.com/inventrustprop); and the InvenTrust LinkedIn account (linkedin.com/company/inventrustproperties). The information posted on social media channels is not incorporated by reference in this report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. While not all of the information that the Company posts to the InvenTrust investor relations website or to social media accounts is of a material nature, some information could be deemed to be material. Accordingly, the Company encourages investors, the media, and others interested in InvenTrust to review the information that it shares on the Company's investor relations website at www.inventrustproperties.com/investor-relations, and regularly follow our social media accounts. 
 4 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider each of the following risks described below and all of the other information in this Annual Report in evaluating us. Our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or ability to pay distributions to our stockholders could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Risk Factors Related to Our Business and Strategy 
 Economic, political and market conditions could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition 
 Our business is affected by economic, political and market challenges experienced by the U.S. or global economies or the real estate industry as a whole; by the regional or local economic conditions in the markets in which our assets are located, including any dislocations in the credit markets; or by competitive business market conditions experienced by us, These conditions may materially affect our value and the performance of our assets and our ability to sell assets, as well as our ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance, outstanding debt when due. 
 An economic downturn could result in defaults by retail tenants, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, result of operations, and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 An economic downturn could have an adverse impact on the retail industry generally. Rising inflation could also adversely impact consumer behavior and increase our and our tenant's operating costs. As a result, the retail industry could face further reductions in sales revenues and increased bankruptcies. Adverse economic conditions may result in an increase in distressed or bankrupt retail companies, which in turn would result in an increase in defaults by tenants at our commercial properties. Such conditions may also affect shadow anchor retailers in some of our centers, which we cannot control. Although we do not generate revenue from shadow anchor retailers, their presence drives traffic to some of our centers. Additionally, continued slow or negative economic growth could hinder new entrants into the retail market, which may make it difficult for us to fully lease our real properties. Tenant defaults and decreased demand for retail space would have an adverse impact on the value of our retail properties and our results of operations. 
 A consumer shift in retail shopping from brick and mortar stores to e-commerce may have an adverse impact on our revenues and cash flow. 
 The majority of national retailers operating brick and mortar stores have made e-commerce sales an important part of their business model. The shift to e-commerce sales may adversely impact their sales for brick and mortar stores, causing those retailers to adjust the size or number of retail locations in the future. This shift could adversely impact our occupancy and rental rates, which would, in turn, adversely impact our revenues and cash flows. 
 Our retail portfolio is subject to geographic concentration, which exposes us to changing economic and retail market conditions that may reduce our revenues and cash flows. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 38.7 of the total annualized base rental income in our retail portfolio was generated by properties located in Texas, with 18.3 , 9.6 , 7.4 , and 3.4 of our total annualized base rental income generated by properties in Austin, Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, Houston, and San Antonio metropolitan areas, respectively. An oversupply of retail properties without corresponding increases in demand in any of these markets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, our results of operations and our ability to pay distributions. 
 Our success depends on the success and continued presence of our anchor tenants. 
 Our properties are largely dependent on the operational success of their anchor tenants (those occupying 10,000 square feet or more). Anchor tenants occupy significant amounts of square footage, pay a significant portion of the total rents at a property and contribute to the success of other tenants by drawing consumers to a property. Our net income could be adversely affected by the loss of revenues in the event a significant tenant becomes bankrupt or insolvent, experiences a downturn in its business, materially defaults on its leases, does not renew its leases as they expire, or renews at a lower rental rate. Any of these events could result in a reduction or cessation in rental payments to us, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if a significant tenant vacates a property or terminates a lease, co-tenancy clauses may allow other tenants to modify or abate their minimum rent, reduce their share or the amount of payments for common area operating expenses and property taxes, or terminate their rent or lease obligations. Co-tenancy clauses have several variants and may allow a tenant to pay reduced levels of rent until a certain number of tenants open their stores within the same property. 
 5 

If our small shop tenants (tenants occupying less than 10,000 square feet) are not successful and, consequently, terminate their leases, our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 56.9 of our total annualized base rental income is generated by our small shop tenants. Our small shop tenants may be more vulnerable to negative economic conditions as they generally have more limited resources than our anchor tenants. If a significant number of our small shop tenants experience financial difficulties or are unable to remain open, our cash flow, financial condition and result of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our financial condition may be impacted by our ability to timely re-lease our space. 
 Our business and financial condition depend on the financial stability of our tenants and our ability to lease our space. Certain economic conditions, or center specific conditions may adversely affect one or more of our tenants. Among the factors that could impact our financial conditions are the following: 
 inability to renew, lease vacant space or re-let space as leases expire; 
 restrictions related to re-leasing space; 
 co-tenancy constraints which limit our ability to lease to certain operators or reduce our revenues at our properties if co-tenancy clauses are exercised and; 
 competition for tenancy of our leases 
 As of December 31, 2022, economic occupancy and leased occupancy of our pro rata combined retail portfolio was 93.9 and 96.1 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, leases representing approximately 4.9 and 10.0 of our pro rata combined retail portfolio GLA were scheduled to expire in 2023 and 2024. We cannot assure our stockholders that leases will be renewed or that our properties will be re-leased on terms equal to or better than the current terms, or at all. We also may not be able to lease space which is currently not occupied on acceptable terms and conditions, if at all. In addition, some of our tenants have leases that include early termination provisions that permit the lessee to terminate all or a portion of its lease with us after a specified date or upon the occurrence of certain events with little or no liability to us. We may be required to offer substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options to retain these tenants or attract new ones. Portions of our assets may remain vacant for extended periods of time. If the rental rates for our assets decrease, our existing tenants do not renew their leases or we do not re-lease a significant portion of our available space and space for which leases will expire, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Many of our costs and expenses associated with operating our properties may remain constant or increase, even if our lease income decreases. 
 Certain costs and expenses associated with our operating our properties, such as real estate taxes, insurance, utilities and common area expenses, generally do not decrease in the event of reduced occupancy or rental rates, non-payment of rents by tenants, general economic downturns, pandemics or other similar circumstances. In fact, in some cases, such as real estate taxes and insurance, they may actually increase despite such events. As such, we may not be able to lower the operating expenses of our properties sufficiently to fully offset such circumstances and may not be able to fully recoup these costs from our tenants. In such cases, our cash flows, operating results and financial performance may be adversely impacted. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has in the past and may continue to materially and adversely impact and disrupt our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any future outbreak of any COVID-19 variants or any other highly infectious or contagious disease could have a similar impact. 
 The impact of COVID-19, including any resurgences, future pandemics or other health crises may also heighten other risks discussed herein, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and market value. These type of health crises may impact our business in the following ways: 
 closures of, or other operational issues at, our properties resulting from government or tenant action; 
 reduced economic activity impacting our tenants' ability to meet their rental and other obligations to us in full or at all; 
 the ability of our tenants who have been granted rent deferrals to timely pay deferred rent; 
 any inability to renew leases or lease vacant space on favorable terms, or at all; 
 continued changes in consumer behavior in favor of e-commerce; 
 6 

tenant bankruptcies; 
 liquidity issues resulting from reduced cash flows from operations; 
 negative impacts to the credit and/or capital markets making it difficult to access capital on favorable terms or at all; 
 impairment in value of our tangible or intangible assets; 
 a general decline in business activity and demand for real estate transactions adversely affecting our ability to grow our portfolio of properties and service our indebtedness; 
 supply chain disruptions adversely affecting our tenants' operations; and 
 impacts on the health of our personnel and a disruption in the continuity of our business. 
 Risk Factors Related to Real Estate Investments 
 There are inherent risks with investments in retail real estate 
 Investments in real estate are subject to varying degrees of risk. Among the factors that could have a negative impact our assets and the value of an investment in us are the following: 
 relative illiquidity of real estate; 
 competition amongst other owners of commercial real estate for investments in similar markets; 
 expansion into new markets that we are not as familiar with; 
 changing market demographics; 
 risks associated with the possibility that cost increases will outpace revenue increases and that in the event of an economic slowdown, the high proportion of fixed costs will make it difficult to reduce costs to the extent required to offset declining revenues; 
 changes in tax laws and property taxes, or an increase in the assessed valuation of an asset for real estate tax purposes; 
 adverse changes in the federal, state or local laws and regulations applicable to us, including those affecting zoning, fuel and energy consumption, water and environmental restrictions, and the related costs of compliance; 
 an inability to finance real estate assets on favorable terms, if at all; 
 significant capital expenditures may be required to improve our properties to attract tenants 
 the ongoing need for owner-funded capital for improvements and expenditures to maintain or upgrade assets, make tenant improvements and pay leasing commissions; 
 fluctuations in real estate values or potential impairments in the value of our assets; 
 natural disasters, such as earthquakes, droughts, hurricanes, floods, extreme storms and weather or other under-insured or uninsured losses, which may result from or be exacerbated by climate change, and man-made events, such as terrorist attacks or events of sabotage; and 
 changes in interest rates and availability, cost and terms of financing. 
 We face risks with the expansion, development, and re-development of properties. 
 We seek to expand, develop and re-develop some of our existing properties and such activity is subject to various risks. We may not be successful in identifying and pursuing expansion, development and re-development opportunities. In addition, like newly-acquired properties, expanded, developed and re-developed properties may not perform as well as expected. Risks include the following: 
 we may be unable to lease developments to full occupancy on a timely basis; 
 the occupancy rates and rents of a completed project may not be sufficient to make the project profitable; 
 actual costs of a project may exceed original estimates, possibly making the project unprofitable; 
 7 

delays in the development or construction process may increase our costs; 
 we may not be able to obtain, or may experience delays in obtaining necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations; 
 we may abandon a development project and lose our investment; 
 the size of our development pipeline may strain our labor or capital capacity to complete developments within targeted timelines and may reduce our investment returns; 
 a reduction in the demand for new retail space may reduce our future development activities, which in turn may reduce our net operating income; and 
 changes in the level of future development activity may adversely impact our results from operations by reducing the amount of certain internal overhead costs that may be capitalized. 
 Inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, supply chain disruptions, and labor shortages may exacerbate certain of these risks. If we fail to reinvest in our properties or maintain their attractiveness to retailers and consumers, if our capital improvements are not successful, or if retailers or consumers perceive that shopping at other venues (including e-commerce) is more convenient, cost-effective, or otherwise more compelling, our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our ongoing strategy depends, in part, upon completing future acquisitions and dispositions, and we may not be successful in identifying attractive acquisition opportunities and consummating these transactions. 
 As part of our strategy, we intend to tailor and grow our retail platform. We cannot assure our stockholders that we will be able to identify opportunities or complete transactions on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that we will actually realize any anticipated benefits from such acquisitions or investments. There may be high barriers to entry in many key markets and scarcity of available acquisition and investment opportunities in desirable locations. We face significant competition for attractive investment opportunities from an indeterminate number of other real estate investors, including investors with significant capital resources such as domestic and foreign corporations and financial institutions, sovereign wealth funds, public and private REITs, private institutional investment funds, domestic and foreign high-net-worth individuals, life insurance companies and pension funds. As a result of competition, we may be unable to acquire additional properties as we desire or the purchase price may be significantly elevated. Similarly, we cannot assure our stockholders that we will be able to obtain financing for acquisitions or investments on attractive terms or at all, or that the ability to obtain financing will not be restricted by the terms of our credit facility or other indebtedness we may incur. 
 Additionally, we regularly review our business to identify properties or other assets that we believe may not benefit us as much as properties in other markets or with different characteristics. One of our strategies is to selectively dispose of retail properties and use sale proceeds to fund our growth in markets and with properties that will enhance our retail platform. We cannot assure our stockholders that we will be able to consummate any such sales on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that we will actually realize any anticipated benefits from such sales. Additionally, we may be unable to successfully identify attractive and suitable replacement assets even if we are successful in completing such dispositions. We may face delays in reinvesting net sales proceeds in new assets, which would impact the return we earn on our assets. Dispositions of real estate assets can be particularly difficult in a challenging economic environment when uncertainties exist about the impact of e-commerce on retailers and when financing alternatives are limited for potential buyers. Our inability to sell assets, or to sell such assets at attractive prices, could have an adverse impact on our ability to realize proceeds for reinvestment. In addition, even if we are successful in consummating sales of selected retail properties, such dispositions may result in losses. 
 Any such acquisitions, investments or dispositions could also demand significant attention from management that would otherwise be available for our regular business operations, which could harm our business. 
 
 8 

We may obtain only limited warranties when we purchase a property and would have only limited recourse if our due diligence did not identify issues that could decrease the value of our property after the purchase. 
 The seller of a property often sells the property to us in its "as is" condition on a "where is" basis and "with all faults," without any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose. In addition, purchase agreements may contain only limited warranties, representations and indemnifications that will only survive for a limited period after the closing. The purchase of properties with limited warranties increases the risk that we may lose some or all of our invested capital in the property, as well as the loss of rental income from that property, and may also require additional investment to make the property suitable and competitive. 
 Our assets may be subject to impairment charges that may materially and adversely affect our financial results. 
 Economic and other conditions may adversely impact the valuation of our assets, resulting in impairment charges that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. On a regular basis, we evaluate our assets for impairments based on various factors, including changes in the holding periods, projected cash flows of such assets and market conditions. 
 If we determine that an impairment has occurred, we would be required to make an adjustment to the net carrying value of the asset, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the accounting period in which the adjustment is made. Furthermore, changes in estimated future cash flows due to a change in our plans, policies, or views of market and economic conditions could result in the recognition of additional impairment losses for already impaired assets, which, under the applicable accounting guidance, could be substantial and could materially adversely affect our results of operations. We have incurred and we may incur future impairment charges, which could be material. 
 Risks Factors Related to the Environment Affecting Our Properties 
 Geographic concentration makes our business more vulnerable to natural disasters, severe weather, and climate change. 
 Natural disasters and severe weather such as earthquakes, wildfires, mudslides, droughts, tornadoes, hurricanes, blizzards, hailstorms or floods may result in significant damage to our properties, decrease demand for certain properties, disrupt operations at our properties, increase the costs associated with maintaining or insuring our properties, and adversely affect both the value of our properties and the ability of our tenants and operators to make their scheduled rent payments to us. The extent of our casualty losses and loss in operating income in connection with such events is a function of the severity of the event and the total amount of exposure in the affected area. These losses may not be insured or insurable at commercially reasonable rates. When we have a geographic concentration, a single catastrophe or destructive weather event affecting a region may have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. As a result, our operating and financial results may vary significantly from one period to the next. We also are exposed to the risk of an increased need for the maintenance and repair of our buildings due to inclement or extreme weather. 
 Moreover, climate change may adversely impact our properties directly and may lead to additional compliance obligations and costs, including insurance premiums, taxes and fees. Changes in federal, state and local legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased operating costs (for example, increased utility costs) and/or increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties (for example, increased costs associated with meeting electric vehicle charging mandates) and could also require us to spend more on our new properties without a corresponding increase in revenue and could increase our exposure to new physical risks and liabilities. 
 Risk Factors Related to Funding Strategies and Capital Structure 
 Our debt financing may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Our existing and future debt may subject us to many risks, including the risks that: 
 our cash flow from operations will be insufficient to make required payments of principal and interest; 
 our debt may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing cash available for distribution to our stockholders, funds available for operations and capital expenditures, future business opportunities or other purposes; 
 the terms of any refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of the debt being refinanced; and 
 the terms of our debt may limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and therefore adversely affect the market price of our stock. 
 9 

If we do not have sufficient funds to repay our debt at maturity, it may be necessary to refinance this debt through additional debt financing, or private or public offerings of debt or equity securities. Adverse economic conditions could cause the terms on which we borrow or refinance to be unfavorable. If we are unable to refinance our debt on acceptable terms, we may be forced to dispose of assets on disadvantageous terms or at times which may not permit us to receive an attractive return on our investments, potentially resulting in losses adversely affecting cash flow from operating activities. 
 Covenants in our debt agreements may restrict our operating activities and adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Our debt agreements contain various financial and operating covenants, including, among other things, certain coverage ratios and limitations on our ability to incur secured and unsecured debt. The breach of any of these covenants, if not cured within any applicable cure period, could result in a default and acceleration of certain of our indebtedness. If any of our indebtedness is accelerated prior to maturity, we may not be able to repay or refinance such indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all, which could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 
 Increases in interest rates would cause our borrowing costs to rise and negatively impact our results of operations. 
 As fixed-rate debt matures, we may not be able to borrow at rates equal to or lower than the rates on the expiring debt. In addition, if rising interest rates cause us to need additional capital to repay indebtedness, we may be forced to sell one or more of our properties or investments in real estate at times that may not permit us to realize the return on the investments we would have otherwise realized. 
 Increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense on any variable rate debt, as well as any debt that must be refinanced at higher interest rates at the time of maturity. Our future earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected due to the increased requirement to service our debt and could reduce the amount we are able to distribute to our stockholders. 
 Hedging activity may expose us to risks, including the risks that a counterparty will not perform and that the hedge will not yield the economic benefits we anticipate, which may adversely affect us. 
 We manage our exposure to interest rate volatility by using interest rate hedging arrangements. These arrangements involve risk, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, and that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes. There can be no assurance that our hedging arrangements will qualify for hedge accounting or that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations. Should we desire to terminate a hedging arrangement, there may be significant costs and cash requirements involved to fulfill our obligations under the hedging arrangement. In addition, failure to effectively hedge against interest rate changes may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We may issue additional equity or debt securities in the future in order to raise capital. Additional issuances of equity securities could dilute the investment of our current stockholders. 
 Issuing additional equity securities to finance future developments and acquisitions instead of incurring additional debt could dilute the interests of our existing stockholders. Our ability to execute our business and growth plan depends on our access to an appropriate blend of capital, which could include a line of credit and other forms of secured and unsecured debt, equity financing, or joint ventures. 
 Stockholders do not have preemptive rights with respect to any shares issued by us in the future. Our charter authorizes our Board, without stockholder approval, to amend the charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that the Company has authority to issue. Stockholders are not entitled to vote on whether or not we issue additional shares. 
 Risk Factors Related to the Market Price for Our Securities 
 Changes in economic and market conditions may adversely affect the market price of our securities. 
 The market price of our equity securities may fluctuate significantly in response to many factors, many of which are out of our control, including: 
 actual or anticipated variations in our operating results, liquidity or financial condition; 
 changes in our earnings estimates or failure to meet earnings estimates; 
 changes in our funds from operations; 
 increases in market interest rates that drive purchasers of our stock to demand a higher dividend yield; 
 10 

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 adverse market reaction to any additional debt we incur in the future; 
 additions or departures of key management personnel; 
 the general reputations of REITs and the attractiveness of equity securities in comparison to other equity securities including securities issued by other real estate based companies; 
 our underlying asset value; 
 strategic actions by the Company or our competitors, such as acquisitions, dispositions or restructurings; 
 fluctuations in the stock price and operating results of the Company s competitors; 
 the passage of legislations or other regulatory developments that may adversely affect the Company or the REIT industry, including but not limited to Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code; 
 investor confidence in the stock and bond market generally; 
 changes in tax laws or accounting principles; 
 publication of research reports about us or the real estate industry in general and recommendations by financial analysts or actions taken by rating agencies with respect to our securities or those of other REITs; 
 future equity issuances or the perception that such equity issuances may occur; 
 failure to maintain our status as a REIT; 
 actions by institutional stockholders or by corporate governance rating companies; 
 increased investor focus on sustainability-related risks, including climate change; 
 changes in our dividend payments; and 
 general market and economic conditions, including factors unrelated to the Company s operating performance. 
 These factors may cause the market price of our securities to decline, regardless of our financial condition, results of operations, business or prospects. It is impossible to ensure that the market price of our securities, including our common stock, will not fall in the future. A decrease in the market price of our common stock may reduce our ability to raise additional equity in the public markets. Selling common stock at a decreased market price would have a dilutive impact on existing stockholders. 
 There is no assurance that we will continue to pay dividends. 
 Our ability to continue to pay dividends will depend on a number of factors, including, among others, the following: 
 our financial condition and results of future operations; 
 the terms of our loan covenants; and 
 our ability to acquire, finance, develop or redevelop and lease additional properties at attractive rates. 
 If we do not maintain the dividend on our common stock, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and other securities. 
 Funding distributions from sources other than cash flow from operating activities may negatively impact our ability to sustain or pay future distributions. 
 If our cash flow from operating activities is not sufficient to fully fund the payment of distributions, the level of our distributions may not be sustainable. 
 We may pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations or funds from operations, including funding such distributions from external financing sources, which may not be available at commercially attractive terms. Furthermore, in the event that we are unable to fund future distributions from our cash flows from operating activities, the value of our stockholders' shares may be materially adversely affected. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, distributions were paid from cash flow from operations, distributions from unconsolidated entities and proceeds from the sales of properties. 
 11 

Risks Factors Related to Our Organization and Corporate Structure 
 Our charter permits our Board to issue preferred stock on terms that may subordinate the rights of the holders of our current common stock or discourage a third party from acquiring us. 
 Our Board may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common or preferred stock into other classes or series of stock and establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications, and terms or conditions of redemption of the stock and may amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares or the number of shares of any class or series that we have authority to issue without stockholder approval. Thus, our Board could authorize us to issue shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could subordinate the rights of the holders of our common stock or shares of preferred stock or common stock that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, that might provide a premium price for holders of our common stock. 
 Our Board or a committee of our Board may change our investment policies without stockholder approval, which could alter the nature of our stockholders' investment. 
 Our investment policies may change over time. The methods of implementing our investment policies may also vary, as new investment techniques are developed. Our investment policies, the methods for implementing them, and our other objectives, policies and procedures may be altered by our Board or a committee of our Board without the approval of our stockholders. As a result, the nature of our stockholders' investment could change without their consent. A change in our investment strategy may, among other things, increase our exposure to interest rate risk, default risk and real property market fluctuations, all of which could materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve our investment objectives. 
 Risks Factors Related to Corporate Matters 
 We are subject to litigation that could negatively impact our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are a defendant from time to time in lawsuits and regulatory proceedings relating to our business. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we may not be able to accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such litigation or proceedings. A significant unfavorable outcome could negatively impact our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Uninsured losses or premiums for insurance coverage may adversely affect a stockholder's returns. 
 Catastrophic losses, including but not limited to, windstorms, earthquakes, floods, and foreign terrorist activities may not be insurable or may not be economically insurable. Even when insurable, these policies may have high deductibles and/or high premiums. Lenders may require such insurance. Our failure to obtain such insurance could constitute a default under loan agreements, and/or our lenders may force us to obtain such insurance at unfavorable rates, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability. 
 In the event of a substantial loss, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover the full current market value or replacement cost of our lost investment. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in an asset, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the asset. In that event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the asset. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors might require us to come out of pocket to replace or renovate an asset after it has been damaged or destroyed. Under those circumstances, the insurance proceeds we receive might be inadequate to restore our economic position on the damaged or destroyed property, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability. 
 In addition, insurance risks associated with potential terrorist acts could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. 
 
 12 

We could incur material costs related to government regulation and litigation with respect to environmental matters, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
 Under various federal, state, and local laws, an owner or manager of real property may be liable for the costs to assess and remediate the presence of hazardous substances on the property, which in our case generally arise from former dry cleaners, gas stations, asbestos usage, storage tanks, air emissions from emergency generators, storm water and wastewater discharges, lead-based pain, mold and mildew, waste management, and historic land use practices. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous substances. The presence of, or the failure to properly address the presence of, hazardous substances may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the property or borrow using the property as collateral. We can provide no assurance that we are aware of all potential environmental liabilities or their ultimate cost to address; that our properties will not be affected by tenants or nearby properties or other unrelated third parties; and that future uses or conditions, or changes in environmental laws and regulations, or their interpretation, will not result in additional material environmental liabilities to us. 
 The discovery of material environmental liabilities at our assets could subject us to unanticipated significant costs, which could significantly reduce or eliminate our profitability and the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Moreover, compliance with ESG-related laws, regulations, expectations or reporting requirements may result in increased compliance costs, as well as additional scrutiny that could heighten all of the risks associated with environmental, social and sustainability matters. For example, the SEC continues to make moves towards issuing rules relating to climate risk disclosures, human capital management and other ESG matters and other regulatory bodies, including state governments and stock exchanges, have issued new laws or regulations relating to board structure, and increased ESG regulations and reporting requirements are likely to continue. If we fail to comply with new laws, regulations, expectations or reporting requirements, or if we are perceived as failing, our reputation and business could be adversely impacted. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the price of the Company's stock and the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations, including increased development costs, capital expenditures and operating expenses. 
 If we lose or are unable to obtain and retain key personnel, our ability to implement our business strategies could be delayed or hindered . 
 We believe that our future success depends, in large part, on our ability to retain and hire highly-skilled managerial and operating personnel. Competition for persons with managerial and operational skills is intense, and we cannot assure our stockholders that we will be successful in retaining or attracting skilled personnel. If we lose or are unable to obtain the services of our executive officers and other key personnel, or we are unable to establish or maintain the necessary strategic relationships, our ability to implement our business strategy could be delayed or hindered. 
 Corporate responsibility related to environmental, social and governance factors, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 
 We, as well as our investors, are focused on corporate responsibility, specifically related to environmental, social and governance factors. Third-party providers of corporate responsibility ratings and reports on companies have increased to meet growing investor demand for measurement of corporate responsibility and performance. Although the Company makes ESG disclosures and undertakes sustainability and diversity initiatives, there is no assurance as to how we will rate according to the metrics. Additionally, the measurement parameters may change over time. We may face reputational damage in the event our corporate responsibility procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by various constituencies. In addition, our competitors may receive more favorable ratings. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including increased capital expenditures and operating expenses. 
 We are increasingly dependent on information technology ("IT"), and potential cyber-attacks, security problems, or other disruptions present risks. 
 A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. More specifically, a cyber incident is an intentional attack or an unintentional event that can include an intruder gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our systems, both internal and those we have outsourced. 
 
 13 

Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches would not be successful or damaging. While we maintain some of our own critical IT systems, we also depend on third parties to provide important IT services relating to several key business functions. Furthermore, the security measures employed by third-party service providers may prove to be ineffective at preventing breaches of their systems. Moreover, cyber incidents perpetrated against our tenants, including unauthorized access to customers' credit card data and other confidential information, could diminish consumer confidence and consumer spending and negatively impact our business and reputation. 
 Our primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyber incident include operational interruption, damage to our relationships with our tenants and private data exposure. Our financial results and reputation may be negatively impacted by such an incident. 
 A failure of our IT infrastructure could adversely impact our business and operations. 
 We rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our IT infrastructure and our ability to expand and continually update this infrastructure in response to changing needs of our business. We continue to face the challenge of integrating new systems and hardware into our operations. If there are technological impediments, unforeseen complications, errors or breakdowns in the IT infrastructure, the disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Our Qualification as a REIT 
 Our failure to qualify as a REIT would have serious adverse consequences to our stockholders. 
 We plan to continue to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Many of these requirements, for which there is limited judicial and administrative interpretation, however, are highly technical and complex. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that we have qualified or will qualify as a REIT in the future. The determination that we are a REIT requires an analysis of various factual matters that may not be totally within our control. To qualify as a REIT, our assets must be substantially comprised of real estate assets as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and related guidance and our gross income must generally come from rental and other real estate or passive related sources that are itemized in the REIT tax laws. We are also required to distribute to security holders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income excluding net capital gains. 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates (including, for years prior to 2018, any alternative minimum tax) and would have to pay significant income taxes unless the Internal Revenue Service IRS granted us relief under certain statutory provisions. In addition, we would remain disqualified from taxation as a REIT for four years following the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. We would therefore have less money available for investments or for distributions to security holders and would no longer be required to make distributions to security holders. This would likely have a significant negative impact on the value of our securities. 
 We have a share ownership limit for REIT tax purposes. 
 In order to continue to qualify as a REIT, five or fewer individuals, as defined in the Code, may not own, beneficially or constructively, more than 50 in value of our issued and outstanding stock at any time during the last half of a taxable year. To facilitate maintenance of our REIT qualification, our Charter, prohibits ownership by any single stockholder of more than 9.8 percent of the lesser of the number or value of any outstanding class of common. Our Board may not grant an exemption from these restrictions to any proposed stockholder whose ownership in excess of the 9.8 stock ownership limit that would result in our failing to qualify as a REIT. This ownership limit may delay or prevent a transaction or change in control that could affect our stockholder s ability to realize a premium over the then prevailing market price for their shares, it could also restrict our stockholders' ability to acquire or transfer certain amounts of our common stock. 
 14 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 The following table summarizes our retail portfolio, on a wholly-owned, IAGM, and pro-rata combined basis, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Wholly-Owned Retail Properties IAGM Retail Properties Pro Rata Combined Retail Portfolio 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 No. of properties 58 55 4 7 62 62 GLA (square feet) 9,171 8,560 1,125 1,768 9,790 9,532 Economic occupancy 94.2 93.4 90.2 87.6 93.9 92.8 Leased occupancy 96.2 94.6 93.6 88.2 96.1 93.9 ABR PSF 19.26 18.76 16.22 16.98 19.08 18.59 
 The following table represents the geographical diversity of our retail portfolio by ABR and GLA on a pro rata basis as of December 31, 2022. 
 Market No. of Properties ABR ABR PSF ABR as of Total GLA GLA as of Total Austin-Round Rock, TX 8 32,217 16.33 18.3 2,056 21.0 Atlanta Metro Area, GA 10 19,342 19.10 11.1 1,058 10.8 Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Miami Beach, FL 3 18,480 23.00 10.6 859 8.8 Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 7 16,723 19.86 9.6 938 9.6 Houston-Sugar Land-Baytown, TX 6 12,987 16.28 7.4 904 9.2 Raleigh-Cary-Durham, NC 5 12,630 19.34 7.2 688 7.0 So. California - Los Angeles, CA 3 10,547 20.57 6.0 579 5.9 Tampa-St. Petersburg, FL 3 8,809 12.85 5.0 753 7.7 Orlando-Kissimmee, FL 4 8,690 23.66 5.0 378 3.9 Washington D.C/Richmond Metro Area 3 8,276 24.52 4.7 358 3.7 Charlotte-Gastonia-Concord, NC 3 8,136 19.65 4.7 424 4.3 San Antonio, TX 2 5,938 25.26 3.4 261 2.7 So. California - San Diego, CA 2 5,685 26.06 3.3 225 2.3 So. California - Inland Empire, CA 2 5,684 23.09 3.3 246 2.5 Cape Coral-Fort Myers, FL 1 636 10.10 0.4 63 0.6 Total 62 174,780 19.08 100 9,790 100 
 
 15 

The following table presents information regarding the top 10 tenants of our retail portfolio by ABR and GLA on a pro rata basis as of December 31, 2022. 
 Parent Name Tenant Name/Count No. of Leases ABR Pro Rata Portfolio of Total ABR GLA Pro Rata Portfolio of Total Occ.GLA Kroger Kroger 7 / Kroger Gas 1 / Harris Teeter 3 / Ralphs 3 14 8,277 4.7 738 7.5 Publix Super Markets, Inc. Publix 13 / Publix Liquor 3 16 6,885 3.9 635 6.5 TJX Companies Marshalls 7 / HomeGoods 4 / TJ Maxx 2 
 13 4,399 2.5 367 3.8 Albertsons Safeway 1 / Tom Thumb 2 / Market Street 2 / Albertsons 1 
 6 4,303 2.5 365 3.7 H.E.B. 5 3,669 2.1 362 3.7 Amazon, Inc. Whole Foods Market 5 5 2,701 1.5 194 2.0 BC Partners Petsmart 7 7 2,375 1.4 151 1.5 Best Buy 4 2,236 1.3 138 1.4 Ulta Beauty Inc. 8 1,960 1.1 83 0.8 Bed Bath Beyond Inc. Bed Bath Beyond 4 / Buy Buy Baby 1 5 1,888 1.1 150 1.5 83 38,693 22.1 3,183 32.4 
 The following table presents the lease expirations of our economic occupied Pro Rata Combined Retail Portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 Lease Expiration Year No. of Expiring Leases (a) GLA of Expiring Leases (square feet) Percent of Total GLA of Expiring Leases ABR of Expiring Leases Percent of Total ABR Expiring ABR PSF 2023 138 448 4.9 9,610 5.2 21.45 2024 184 917 10.0 19,552 10.5 21.32 2025 178 1,128 12.3 20,533 11.0 18.20 2026 204 922 10.0 20,497 11.0 22.23 2027 264 1,926 21.0 38,801 20.9 20.15 2028 133 811 8.8 17,874 9.6 22.04 2029 101 579 6.3 12,490 6.7 21.57 2030 67 349 3.8 8,673 4.7 24.85 2031 74 502 5.5 10,469 5.6 20.85 2032 91 568 6.1 12,887 6.9 22.69 Thereafter 38 1,017 11.0 13,910 7.5 13.68 Other (b) 11 23 0.3 768 0.4 33.39 Totals 1,483 9,190 100 186,064 100 20.25 
 (a) No. of expiring leases includes IAGM at 100 . 
 (b) Other lease expirations include the GLA, ABR and ABR PSF of month-to-month leases. 
 In preparing the above table, we have not assumed that unexercised contractual lease renewal or extension options contained in our leases will, in fact, be exercised. Our retail business is neither highly dependent on specific retailers nor subject to lease roll-over concentration. We believe this minimizes risk to our retail portfolio from significant revenue variances over time. 
 Certain of our properties are encumbered by mortgages, totaling 109.8 million as of December 31, 2022. Additional detail about our retail properties can be found on Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are subject, from time to time, to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. While the resolution of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe, based on currently available information, that the final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 16 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock trades on the NYSE under the ticker symbol "IVT". As of February 1, 2023, there were 24,205 holders of record of shares of our outstanding common stock. 
 In order to comply with certain requirements related to our qualification as a REIT, our charter, subject to certain exceptions, contains restrictions on the number of shares of our common stock that a person may own. Our charter provides that no person may beneficially or constructively own more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On February 23, 2022, we established a share repurchase program (the "SRP") of up to 150.0 million of our outstanding shares of common stock. The SRP may be suspended or discontinued at any time, and does not obligate us to repurchase any dollar amount or particular amount of shares. As of December 31, 2022, no common stock has been repurchased under the SRP. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, certain of the Company's employees surrendered shares of common stock to satisfy tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of shares of common stock issued under the InvenTrust Properties Corp. 2015 Incentive Award Plan ("Incentive Award Plan"). 
 The following is a summary of all share repurchases during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 Period Total No. of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share Total No. of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approx. Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1 - October 31, 2022 150,000 November 1 - November 30, 2022 150,000 December 1 - December 31, 2022 30,053 23.18 150,000 
 (a) Consists of shares of common stock surrendered to the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of restricted stock units. 
 17 

Distributions 
 We have been paying cash distributions since October 2005. Our quarterly distributions are paid one quarter in arrears. Any future determination to pay distributions will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our financial condition, capital requirements, restrictions contained in current or future financing instruments, and such other factors as our Board deems relevant. We currently have capacity and intend to continue to pay a quarterly distribution, subject to Board approval. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid cash distributions of 55.3 million. For income tax purposes only, approximately 93.2 of the distributions paid in 2022 will be treated as ordinary dividends and approximately 6.8 will be treated as other forms of distributions. The December 2022 dividend declared, with a record date of December 29, 2022 and payment date of January 13, 2023, will be reported in 2023, and is not reflected in the 2022 tax allocation. The following table denotes the allocation of our distributions paid in 2022 for income tax purposes only. 
 Record Date Distributions Payable Date Total Distribution per Share Ordinary Dividend Per Share Return of Capital Per Share Qualified Dividend Per Share Sec. 199A Dividend Per Share Sec. 897 Ordinary Dividend Per Share 12/30/2021 1/14/2022 0.205200 0.191321 0.013879 0.191321 0.006489 3/31/2022 4/15/2022 0.205200 0.191321 0.013879 0.191321 0.006489 6/30/2022 7/15/2022 0.205200 0.191321 0.013879 0.191321 0.006489 9/30/2022 10/14/2022 0.205200 0.191321 0.013879 0.191321 0.006489 0.820800 0.765284 0.055516 0.765284 0.025956 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid cash distributions of 55.6 million. For income tax purposes only, approximately 71.34 of the distributions paid in 2021 will be treated as ordinary dividends and approximately 28.66 will be treated as other forms of distributions. The December 2021 dividend declared, with a record date of December 30, 2021 and payment date of January 14, 2022, will be reported in 2022, and is not reflected in the 2021 tax allocation. The following table denotes the allocation of our distributions paid in 2021 for income tax purposes only. 
 Record Date Distributions Payable Date Total Distribution per Share Ordinary Dividend Per Share Return of Capital Per Share Qualified Dividend Per Share Sec. 199A Dividend Per Share Sec. 897 Ordinary Dividend Per Share 12/30/2020 1/15/2021 0.018975 0.013537 0.005438 0.013537 0.000336 3/31/2021 4/15/2021 0.019550 0.013948 0.005602 0.013948 0.000347 6/30/2021 7/15/2021 0.019550 0.013948 0.005602 0.013948 0.000347 9/30/2021 10/7/2021 0.195500 0.139477 0.056023 0.139477 0.003465 0.253575 0.180910 0.072665 0.180910 0.004495 

18 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph depicts the total cumulative stockholder return of the Company s common stock from October 12, 2021, the first day of trading of our common stock on the NYSE, through December 31, 2022, relative to the performance of the FTSE National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Equity REITs Index (the "FTSE NAREIT Equity Index"), the FTSE National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Equity Shopping Centers Index (the "FTSE NAREIT Shopping Centers Index"), and the Standard and Poor s 500 Stock Index (S P 500 Index). The graph assumes an initial investment of 100.00 at the first NYSE trade price of 23.61 on October 12, 2021 and that all dividends paid by companies included in these indices have been rei nvested. The performance shown in the graph below is not intended to forecast or be indicative of future stock price performance. 

Ticker / Index 10/12/2021 12/31/2021 3/31/2022 6/30/2022 9/30/2022 12/30/2022 IVT 100.00 116.32 132.22 111.66 93.22 104.34 FSTE NAREIT Equity Index 100.00 112.75 108.36 89.98 81.03 85.28 FSTE NAREIT Shopping Centers Index 100.00 107.87 106.96 87.60 80.18 94.34 S P 500 Index 100.00 109.88 104.83 87.95 83.65 89.98 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 19 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis relates to the operations of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and its financial position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Discussion of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report can be found in " Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations " of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially because of factors discussed in "Forward-Looking Statements" and "Part I-Item 1A. Risk Factors" contained in this Annual Report and in our other reports that we file from time to time with the SEC. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 InvenTrust is a premier Sun Belt, multi-tenant essential retail REIT that owns, leases, redevelops, acquires, and manages grocery-anchored neighborhood and community centers, as well as high-quality power centers that often have a grocery component. We pursue our business strategy by: 
 Acquiring retail properties in Sun Belt markets; 
 Opportunistically disposing of retail properties; 
 Maintaining a flexible capital structure; and 
 Enhancing our environmental, social and governance practices and standards. 
 Current Strategy and Outlook 
 InvenTrust focuses on Sun Belt grocery-anchored neighborhood and community centers, and select power centers that often have a grocery component, in markets with favorable demographics, including above average growth in population, employment, income and education levels. We believe these conditions create favorable demand characteristics for grocery-anchored and necessity-based essential retail centers, which will position us to capitalize on potential future rent increases while benefiting from sustained occupancy at our centers. Our strategically located regional field offices are within a two-hour drive of over 95 of our properties which affords us the ability to respond to the needs of our tenants and provides us with in-depth local market knowledge. We believe that our Sun Belt portfolio of high quality grocery-anchored assets is a distinct differentiator for us in the marketplace. 
 Evaluation of Financial Condition and Operating Results 
 Historically, management has evaluated our financial condition and operating performance by focusing on the following financial and non-financial indicators, discussed in further detail herein: 
 Net Operating Income ("NOI") and Same Property NOI, supplemental non-GAAP measures; 
 NAREIT Funds From Operations ("NAREIT FFO") Applicable to Common Shares and Dilutive Securities, a supplemental non-GAAP measure; 
 Core FFO Applicable to Common Shares and Dilutive Securities, a supplemental non-GAAP measure; 
 Cash flow from operations as determined in accordance with GAAP; 
 Economic and leased occupancy and rental rates; 
 Leasing activity and lease rollover; 
 Operating expense levels and trends; 
 General and administrative expense levels and trends; 
 Debt maturities and leverage ratios; and 
 Liquidity levels. 
 20 

Recent Developments 
 Acquisitions and Mortgage Assumptions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired the following properties: 
 Date Property Grocer Anchor Metropolitan Area Square Feet Gross Acquisition Price Assumption of Mortgage Debt February 2, 2022 Shops at Arbor Trails Costco, Whole Foods Market Austin-Round Rock, TX 357 112,190 31,500 February 2, 2022 Escarpment Village HEB Austin-Round Rock, TX 170 77,150 26,000 April 21, 2022 The Highlands of Flower Mound (a) Target Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 175 38,000 22,880 May 4, 2022 Bay Landing The Fresh Market Cape Coral-Fort Myers, FL 63 10,425 June 10, 2022 Kyle Marketplace - Outparcel N/A Austin-Round Rock, TX 705 October 28, 2022 Eastfield Village Food Lion Charlotte-Gastonia-Concord, NC 96 22,500 December 16, 2022 Stone Ridge Market (a) HEB Plus San Antonio, TX 219 58,100 Total 1,080 319,070 80,380 
 (a) We acquired these properties from our joint venture, IAGM. 
 Dispositions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we disposed of the following properties: 
 Date Property Metropolitan Area Square Feet Gross Disposition Price Gain on Sale June 30, 2022 Centerplace of Greeley Denver, CO 152 37,550 25,147 June 30, 2022 Cheyenne Meadows Denver, CO 90 17,900 11,709 December 15, 2022 The Shops at Walnut Creek (a) Denver, CO 225 55,000 1,393 Total 467 110,450 38,249 
 (a) The property's buyer assumed a 28.6 million mortgage payable secured by the property. We recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of 0.08 million related to the buyer's assumption. 
 IAGM Dispositions and Mortgage Payoffs 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, IAGM disposed of the following properties: 
 Date Property Metropolitan Area Square Feet Gross Disposition Price Gain (Loss) on Sale Our Share of Gain (Loss) on Sale March 3, 2022 Price Plaza (a) Houston-Sugar Land-Baytown, TX 206 39,100 3,751 2,063 April 21, 2022 The Highlands of Flower Mound (b) Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 175 38,000 1,244 684 December 16, 2022 Stone Ridge Market (b)(c) San Antonio, TX 219 58,100 12,287 6,758 December 22, 2022 Stables Town Center I (d) Houston-Sugar Land-Baytown, TX 43 7,800 (244) (135) Total 643 143,000 17,038 9,370 
 (a) The property's buyer assumed a 17.8 million mortgage payable secured by the property. 
 (b) These properties were acquired by the Company. 
 (c) IAGM paid off the property's 28.1 million mortgage payable with proceeds from the sale. 
 (d) IAGM paid down 5.4 million of the senior secured pooled loan with proceeds from the sale. 
 21 

Share Repurchase Program 
 On February 23, 2022, we established a share repurchase program (the "SRP") of up to 150.0 million of our outstanding shares of common stock. The SRP may be suspended or discontinued at any time, and does not obligate us to repurchase any dollar amount or particular amount of shares. As of December 31, 2022, we have not repurchased any common stock under the SRP. 
 Debt 
 On March 4, 2022, we paid off a 22.3 million mortgage payable at Pavilion at La Quinta using cash on hand and recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of 0.1 million. 
 On October 6, 2022, we paid off a 24.7 million mortgage payable secured by University Oaks Shopping Center with cash on hand and recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of 0.01 million. 
 ATM Program 
 On March 7, 2022,we established an at-the-market equity offering program (the "ATM Program") pursuant to which we may sell from time to time up to an aggregate of 250.0 million shares of our common stock. In connection with the ATM Program, we may sell shares of our common stock to or through sales agents, or may enter into separate forward sale agreements with one of the agents, or one of their respective affiliates, as a forward purchaser. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not sold any common stock under the ATM Program. 
 Reduction of Authorized Shares 
 On April 28, 2022, we filed an amendment to our charter to decrease the number of authorized shares of common stock from 1,460,000,000 to 146,000,000, in proportion with the one-for-ten reverse stock split effected by the Company on August 5, 2021. The authorized shares of preferred stock remain at 40,000,000. The authorized shares of common stock have been retroactively adjusted within the accompanying consolidated financial statements to give effect to the reduction as of December 31, 2022. 
 Credit Agreements 
 On May 11, 2022, we transitioned our revolving credit agreement and term loan agreement from the London Inter-bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") which repriced monthly ("1-Month LIBOR"), to a Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") which reprices monthly ("1-Month Term SOFR"). 
 On June 3, 2022, in connection with and upon effectiveness of the Note Purchase Agreement (as defined below) and in accordance with the terms of the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement and Amended Revolving Credit Agreement, each of the administrative agents under such agreements released all of the subsidiary guarantors from their guaranty obligations that were previously made for the benefit of the lenders under such agreements. 
 Senior Notes 
 On August 11, 2022, we issued 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes in a private placement, of which (i) 150.0 million are designated as 5.07 Senior Notes, Series A, due August 11, 2029 (the "Series A Notes") and (ii) 100.0 million are designated as 5.20 Senior Notes, Series B, due August 11, 2032 (the "Series B Notes" and, together with the Series A Notes, the "Notes") pursuant to a note purchase agreement (the "Note Purchase Agreement"), dated June 3, 2022, between the Company and the various purchasers named therein. The Notes were issued at par in accordance with the Note Purchase Agreement and pay interest semiannually on February 11th and August 11th until their respective maturities. 
 We may prepay at any time all or any part of, the Notes, in an amount not less than 5 of the aggregate principal amount of any series of the Notes then outstanding in the case of a partial prepayment, at 100 of the principal amount prepaid plus accrued interest and a Make-Whole Amount (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement). The Notes will be required to be absolutely and unconditionally guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Company that guarantee certain material credit facilities of the Company. Currently, there are no subsidiary guarantees of the Notes. 
 22 

Our Retail Portfolio 
 Our wholly-owned and managed retail properties include grocery-anchored community and neighborhood centers and power centers, including those classified as necessity-based. As of December 31, 2022, we owned or had an interest in 62 retail properties with a GLA of approximately 10.3 million square feet, which includes 4 retail properties with a GLA of approximately 1.1 million square feet owned through the Company's 55 ownership interest in an unconsolidated joint venture, IAGM. 
 The following table summarizes our retail portfolio, on a wholly-owned, IAGM, and pro rata combined basis, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Wholly-Owned Retail Properties IAGM Retail Properties Pro Rata Combined Retail Portfolio 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 No. of properties 58 55 4 7 62 62 GLA (square feet) 9,171 8,560 1,125 1,768 9,790 9,532 Economic occupancy 94.2 93.4 90.2 87.6 93.9 92.8 Leased occupancy 96.2 94.6 93.6 88.2 96.1 93.9 ABR PSF 19.26 18.76 16.22 16.98 19.08 18.59 
 Retail Portfolio Summary by Center Type 
 Our retail properties consist of community and neighborhood centers and power centers. 
 Community and neighborhood centers are generally open-air and designed for tenants that offer a wide array of merchandise and services, including groceries, soft goods and convenience-oriented offerings. Our community centers contain large anchor stores and a significant presence of national retail tenants. Our neighborhood centers are generally smaller open-air centers with a grocery store anchor and/or drugstore and other small service-type retailers. 
 Power centers are generally larger and consist of several anchors, such as discount department stores, off-price stores, specialty grocers and warehouse clubs. Typically, the number of specialty tenants is limited and most are national or regional in scope. 
 The following tables summarize our retail portfolio, by center type, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Community and neighborhood centers 
 Wholly-Owned Retail Properties IAGM Retail Properties Pro Rata Combined Retail Portfolio 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 No. of properties 46 43 4 5 50 48 GLA (square feet) 5,647 4,984 1,125 1,387 6,266 5,747 Economic occupancy 95.0 94.1 90.2 86.1 94.5 93.1 Leased occupancy 96.9 95.0 93.6 86.8 96.6 93.9 ABR PSF 20.36 19.93 16.22 17.02 19.98 19.57 
 Power centers 
 Wholly-Owned Retail Properties IAGM Retail Properties Pro Rata Combined Retail Portfolio 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 No. of properties 12 12 2 12 14 GLA (square feet) 3,524 3,576 381 3,524 3,785 Economic occupancy 92.9 92.3 93.1 92.9 92.3 Leased occupancy 95.1 93.9 93.1 95.1 93.9 ABR PSF 17.45 17.10 16.85 17.45 17.08 
 23 

Same Property Retail Portfolio Summary 
 Properties classified as same property were owned for the entirety of both periods presented ("Same Properties"). The following table summarizes the GLA, economic occupancy and ABR PSF of Same Properties included in our retail portfolio for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Wholly-Owned Retail Properties IAGM Retail Properties Pro Rata Combined Retail Portfolio 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 No. of properties 51 51 4 4 55 55 GLA (square feet) 7,859 7,860 1,125 1,125 8,477 8,479 Economic occupancy 94.6 93.6 90.2 86.6 94.3 93.1 Leased occupancy 96.2 94.9 93.6 87.2 96.1 94.3 ABR PSF 19.44 18.82 16.22 15.64 19.22 18.60 
 Leasing Activity, Pro Rata Combined Retail Portfolio 
 The following tables summarize the leasing activity for leases that were executed during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with expiring or expired leases for the same or previous tenant for renewals and the same unit for new leases at the 62 properties in our Pro Rata Combined Retail Portfolio. These tables do not include rent deferral lease amendments executed as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 In our Pro Rata Combined Retail Portfolio, we had GLA totaling 1.63 million square feet expiring during the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 1.47 million square feet was re-leased. This achieved a retention rate of approximately 90.2 . 
 No. of Leases Executed for the year ended Dec. 31, 2022 GLA SF (in thousands) New Contractual Rent PSF)(b) Prior Contractual Rent PSF)(b) Change over Prior Lease Rent (b) Weighted Average Lease Term (Years) Tenant Improvement Allowance PSF) Lease Commissions PSF) All tenants Comparable Renewal Leases (a) 175 828 20.91 19.75 5.9 5.5 0.17 Comparable New Leases (a) 21 142 18.74 14.53 29.0 12.2 23.69 7.12 Non-Comparable Renewal and New Leases 72 343 18.45 N/A N/A 7.2 26.14 6.51 Total 268 1,313 20.59 18.99 8.4 6.7 9.50 2.47 Anchor tenants (leases ten thousand square feet and over) Comparable Renewal Leases (a) 20 511 12.35 11.67 5.8 5.5 0.10 Comparable New Leases (a) 4 112 13.87 10.22 35.7 13.3 23.30 5.31 Non-Comparable Renewal and New Leases 7 192 9.00 N/A N/A 6.3 21.36 2.90 Total 31 815 12.62 11.41 10.6 6.8 8.29 1.41 Small shop tenants (leases under ten thousand square feet) Comparable Renewal Leases (a) 155 317 34.73 32.78 5.9 5.4 0.28 Comparable New Leases (a) 17 30 36.79 30.50 20.6 8.3 25.15 13.86 Non-Comparable Renewal and New Leases 65 151 30.42 N/A N/A 8.5 32.19 11.07 Total 237 498 34.91 32.58 7.2 6.5 11.49 4.21 
 (a) Comparable leases are leases that meet all of the following criteria: terms greater than or equal to one year, unit was vacant less than one year prior to executed lease, square footage of unit remains unchanged or within 10 of prior unit square footage, and has a rent structure consistent with the previous tenant. 
 (b) Non-comparable leases are not included in totals. 
 24 

Results of Operations 
 Comparison of results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 We generate substantially all of our earnings from property operations. Since January 1, 2021, we have acquired seven retail properties and disposed of four retail properties. 
 The following table presents the changes in our income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Income Lease income, net 232,980 207,350 25,630 Other property income 1,161 1,087 74 Other fee income 2,566 3,542 (976) Total income 236,707 211,979 24,728 
 Lease income, net increased 25.6 million as a result of increases from properties acquired of 18.4 million, decreases from properties disposed of 3.3 million, and the following activity related to our Same Properties: 
 6.7 million of increased minimum rent attributable to increased occupancy levels and rental rates and 1.8 million of rent abatements in 2021 related to the COVID-19 pandemic, 
 2.1 million of increased recoveries associated with common area maintenance, insurance, and real estate taxes, primarily attributable to tax refunds reflected in 2021 tenant charges, 
 1.1 million of increased amortization of market lease intangibles and straight-line rent adjustments, 
 1.0 million of increased percentage rent attributable to grocers experiencing heightened sales volumes, and was partially offset by: 
 2.2 million of net changes in credit losses and related reversals primarily attributable to lump sum rent collections from our cash basis tenants in 2021 pertaining to prior period rent charges. 
 Other fee income decreased 1.0 million primarily as a result of real estate sales within IAGM. 
 
 The following table presents the changes in our operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Operating expenses Depreciation and amortization 94,952 87,143 7,809 Property operating 40,239 32,788 7,451 Real estate taxes 32,925 31,312 1,613 General and administrative 33,342 38,192 (4,850) Direct listing costs 19,769 (19,769) Total operating expenses 201,458 209,204 (7,746) 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 7.8 million as a result of: 
 13.4 million of increases from properties acquired, and was partially offset by: 
 1.4 million of decreases from properties disposed, and 
 4.2 million of decreased in-place lease intangible amortization for our Same Properties. 
 Property operating expenses increased 7.5 million as a result of: 
 4.4 million of increased costs relating to repairs, maintenance, and landscaping for our Same Properties, 
 3.4 million of increases from properties acquired, and was partially offset by: 
 0.3 million of decreases from properties disposed. 
 25 

Real estate taxes increased 1.6 million as a result of: 
 3.4 million of increased real estate taxes from properties acquired, and was partially offset by: 
 1.0 million of decreased real estate taxes from properties disposed, and 
 0.8 million of decreased real estate taxes for our Same Properties, primarily attributable to tax refunds. 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 4.9 million as a result of: 
 2.7 million of long-term incentive plan costs in 2021 related to the expected retirement of its former President and Chief Executive Officer and the appointment of certain executives in establishing a plan of succession, 
 1.2 million of decreased other compensation costs, and 
 1.0 million of decreased non-compensation costs. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized 19.8 million of expense relating to the direct listing of our common stock on the NYSE. 
 The following table presents the changes in our other income and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change, net Other income (expense) Interest expense, net (26,777) (16,261) (10,516) Loss on extinguishment of debt (181) (400) 219 Gain on sale of investment properties, net 38,249 1,522 36,727 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities 3,663 6,398 (2,735) Other income and expense, net 2,030 606 1,424 Total other income (expense), net 16,984 (8,135) 25,119 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net, increased 10.5 million primarily as a result of: 
 5.0 million of increased interest expense generated from the private placement of our senior notes, 
 3.0 million of increased interest expense generated from the fluctuations in our line of credit balances and interest rates on our corporate credit facilities, 
 2.7 million of increased interest expense from the assumption of mortgages on Shops at Arbor Trails, Escarpment Village, and the Highlands of Flower Mound of 31.5 million, 26.0 million, and 22.9 million, respectively, 
 1.0 million of increased amortization of debt issuance costs, and was partially offset by: 
 1.2 million of decreased interest expense from the pay-off of mortgages on Pavilion at LaQuinta and University Oaks Shopping Center of 22.3 million, and 24.7 million, respectively. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized an aggregate loss of 0.2 million on the extinguishment of total mortgages payable of 75.6 million on three retail properties. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a loss of 0.4 million in connection with amending our corporate debt facilities. 
 Gain on sale of investment properties, net 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a gain of 38.2 million on the sale of three retail properties. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a gain of 1.5 million on the sale of one retail property and the completion of partial condemnations at four retail properties. 
 
 26 

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities decreased 2.7 million primarily as a result of decreased earnings from property operations of 2.3 million and decreased gains on sales of properties of 1.3 million, which were partially offset by decreased interest expense of 0.9 million. The aforementioned amounts represent our proportionate share of the activity. 
 Other income and expense, net 
 Other income and expense, net increased 1.4 million primarily as a result of increased interest income earned on cash and cash equivalents. 

Net Operating Income 
 We evaluate the performance of our retail properties based on NOI, which excludes general and administrative expenses, direct listing costs, depreciation and amortization, provision for asset impairment, other income and expense, net, gains (losses) from sales of properties, gains (losses) on extinguishment of debt, interest expense, net, equity in earnings (losses) from unconsolidated entities, lease termination income and expense, and GAAP rent adjustments such as straight-line rent adjustments, amortization of market lease intangibles, and amortization of lease incentives ("GAAP Rent Adjustments"). We bifurcate NOI into Same Property NOI and NOI from other investment properties based on whether the underlying retail properties meet our same property criteria. 
 We believe the supplemental non-GAAP financial measures of NOI, same property NOI, and NOI from other investment properties provide added comparability across periods when evaluating our financial condition and operating performance that is not readily apparent from "Operating income" or "Net income" in accordance with GAAP. 
 Comparison of Same Property results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 A total of 51 wholly-owned retail properties met our Same Property criteria for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table presents the reconciliation of net income or loss, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to NOI, Same Property NOI, and Pro Rata Same Property NOI for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change, net Net income (loss) 52,233 (5,360) 57,593 Adjustments to reconcile to non-GAAP metrics: Other income and expense, net (2,030) (606) (1,424) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities (3,663) (6,398) 2,735 Interest expense, net 26,777 16,261 10,516 Loss on extinguishment of debt 181 400 (219) Gain on sale of investment properties, net (38,249) (1,522) (36,727) Depreciation and amortization 94,952 87,143 7,809 General and administrative 33,342 38,192 (4,850) Direct listing costs 19,769 (19,769) Other fee income (2,566) (3,542) 976 Adjustments to NOI (a) (9,743) (7,528) (2,215) NOI 151,234 136,809 14,425 NOI from other investment properties (18,042) (9,368) (8,674) Same Property NOI 133,192 127,441 5,751 IAGM Same Property NOI at share 7,885 7,380 505 Pro Rata Same Property NOI 141,077 134,821 6,256 
 (a) Adjustments to NOI include termination fee income and expense and GAAP Rent Adjustments. 
 
 27 

Comparison of the components of Same Property NOI for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Variance Lease income, net 194,849 185,502 9,347 5.0 Other property income 1,123 1,087 36 3.3 195,972 186,589 9,383 5.0 Property operating expenses 35,085 30,681 4,404 14.4 Real estate taxes 27,695 28,467 (772) (2.7) 62,780 59,148 3,632 6.1 Same Property NOI 133,192 127,441 5,751 4.5 
 Same Property NOI increased by 5.8 million, or 4.5 , when comparing the year ended December 31, 2022 to the same period in 2021, and was primarily a result of: 
 6.7 million of increased minimum rent attributable to increased occupancy levels and rental rates and 1.8 million of rent abatements in 2021 related to the COVID-19 pandemic, 
 1.0 million of increased percentage rent attributable to grocers experiencing heightened sales volumes, 
 1.1 million of decreased real estate tax expense, net of associated recoveries, primarily attributable to tax refunds, and was offset by: 
 2.2 million of net changes in credit losses and related reversals primarily attributable to lump sum rent collections from our cash basis tenants in 2021 pertaining to prior period rent charges, 
 1.4 million of increased operating expense, net of associated recoveries, primarily attributable to increased repairs, maintenance, and landscaping costs, and 
 1.2 million of increased non-recoverable operating expenses, primarily attributable to tenant lease negotiations. 
 
 28 

Funds From Operations 
 The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT"), an industry trade group, has promulgated a widely accepted non-GAAP financial measure of operating performance known as Funds From Operations ("NAREIT FFO"). Our NAREIT FFO is net income (or loss) in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) resulting from dispositions of properties, plus depreciation and amortization and impairment charges on depreciable real property. Adjustments for IAGM are calculated to reflect our proportionate share of the joint venture's funds from operations on the same basis. 
 In calculating NAREIT FFO, impairment charges of depreciable real estate assets are added back even though the impairment charge may represent a permanent decline in value due to the decreased operating performance of the applicable property. Furthermore, because gains and losses from sales of property are excluded from NAREIT FFO, it is consistent and appropriate that impairments, which are often early recognition of losses on prospective sales of property, also be excluded. If evidence exists that a loss reflected in the investment of an unconsolidated entity is due to the impairment of depreciable real estate assets, our share of these impairments is added back to net income in the determination of NAREIT FFO. 
 We believe NAREIT FFO Applicable to Common Shares and Dilutive Securities, when considered with the financial statements determined in accordance with GAAP, is helpful to investors in understanding our performance because the historical accounting convention used for real estate assets requires straight-line depreciation of buildings and improvements, which implies that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values historically rise and fall with market conditions, presentations of operating results for a REIT, using historical accounting for depreciation, could be less informative. 
 Core Funds From Operations ("Core FFO") is an additional supplemental non-GAAP financial measure of our operating performance. In particular, Core FFO provides an additional measure to compare the operating performance of different REITs without having to account for certain remaining amortization assumptions within NAREIT FFO and other unique revenue and expense items which some may consider not pertinent to measuring a particular company's on-going operating performance. In that regard, we use Core FFO as an input to our compensation plan to determine cash bonuses and measure the achievement of certain performance-based equity awards. 
 Our adjustments to NAREIT FFO to arrive at Core FFO include removing the impact of (i) amortization of debt discounts and financing costs, (ii) amortization of market-lease intangibles and inducements, net, (iii) depreciation and amortization of corporate assets, (iv) straight-line rent adjustments, (v) gains (or losses) resulting from debt extinguishments (vi) other non-operating revenue and expense items which, in our judgement, are not pertinent to measuring on-going operating performance, (vii) adjustments for IAGM to reflect our share of the ventures' Core FFO on the same basis. Our calculation of Core FFO Applicable to Common Shares and Dilutive Securities does not consider any capital expenditures. 
 Other REITs may use alternative methodologies for calculating similarly titled measures, which may not be comparable to our definition and calculation of NAREIT FFO Applicable to Common Shares and Dilutive Securities or Core FFO Applicable to Common Shares and Dilutive Securities. Furthermore, NAREIT FFO and Core FFO are not necessarily indicative of cash flow available to fund cash needs and should not be considered as alternatives to net income as an indication of our performance. NAREIT FFO and Core FFO should not be considered as alternatives to our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities. Nor should NAREIT FFO and Core FFO be considered as measures of liquidity, our ability to make cash distributions, or our ability to service our debt. 

29 

NAREIT FFO Applicable to Common Shares and Dilutive Securities and Core FFO Applicable to Common Shares and Dilutive Securities is calculated as follows: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income (loss) 52,233 (5,360) Depreciation and amortization related to investment properties 94,142 86,257 Gain on sale of investment properties, net (38,249) (1,522) Unconsolidated joint venture adjusting items, net (a) 3,850 4,713 NAREIT FFO Applicable to Common Shares and Dilutive Securities 111,976 84,088 Amortization of market-lease intangibles and inducements, net (5,589) (4,318) Straight-line rent adjustments, net (3,815) (2,805) Direct listing costs 19,769 Adjusting items, net (b) 2,798 2,201 Unconsolidated joint venture adjusting items, net (c) 582 672 Core FFO Applicable to Common Shares and Dilutive Securities 105,952 99,607 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic 67,406,233 71,072,933 Dilutive effect of unvested restricted shares (d) 119,702 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 67,525,935 71,072,933 Net income (loss) per common share 0.77 (0.08) Per share adjustments for NAREIT FFO Applicable to Common Shares and Dilutive Securities 0.89 1.26 NAREIT FFO Applicable to Common Shares and Dilutive Securities per share 1.66 1.18 Per share adjustments for Core FFO Applicable to Common Shares and Dilutive Securities (0.09) 0.22 Core FFO Applicable to Common Shares and Dilutive Securities per share 1.57 1.40 
 (a) Represents our share of depreciation, amortization, impairment, and gains on sale related to investment properties held in IAGM. 
 (b) Adjusting items, net, are primarily loss on extinguishment of debt, amortization of debt discounts and financing costs, depreciation and amortization of corporate assets, and non-operating income and expenses, net, which includes items which are not pertinent to measuring on-going operating performance, such as miscellaneous and settlement income. 
 (c) Represents our share of amortization of market lease intangibles and lease inducements, net, straight-line rent adjustments, net and adjusting items, net related to IAGM. 
 (d) For purposes of calculating non-GAAP per share metrics, the same denominator is used as that which would be used in calculating diluted earnings per share in accordance with GAAP. For the year ended December 31, 2021, unvested restricted shares were antidilutive and therefore excluded from the denominator in the diluted earnings per share calculation in accordance with GAAP. 
 30 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 General 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates, judgments, and assumptions are required in a number of areas, including, but not limited to, evaluating the collectability of accounts receivable, allocating the purchase price of acquired retail properties, and evaluating the impairment of long-lived assets. We base these estimates, judgments and assumptions on historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Credit Losses 
 We review the collectability of amounts due from our tenants on a regular basis. Such reviews consider the tenant's financial condition and payment history and other economic conditions impacting the tenant. Changes in collectability occur when we no longer believes it is probable that substantially all the lease payments will be collected over the term of the lease. 
 If collection is not probable, regardless of whether we have entered into an amendment to provide the tenant with rent relief, the lease payments will be accounted for on a cash basis, and revenue will be recorded as cash is received. If reassessed, and the collection of substantially all of the lease payments from the tenant becomes probable, the accrual basis of revenue recognition is reestablished. 
 The provision for estimated credit losses resulting from changes in the expected collectability of lease payments, including variable payments, is recognized as a direct adjustment to lease income, and a direct write-off of the operating lease receivables, including straight-line rent receivable. 
 Acquisition of Real Estate 
 We evaluate the inputs, processes and outputs of each asset acquired to determine if the transaction is a business combination or asset acquisition. If an acquisition qualifies as a business combination, the related transaction costs are expensed. If an acquisition qualifies as an asset acquisition, the related transaction costs are generally capitalized and amortized over the useful life of the acquired assets. Generally, our acquisitions of real estate qualify as asset acquisitions. 
 We allocate the purchase price of real estate to land, building, other building improvements, tenant improvements, intangible assets and liabilities (such as the value of above- and below-market leases, in-place leases and origination costs associated with in-place leases). The values of above- and below-market leases are recorded as intangible assets and intangible liabilities, respectively, and are amortized as either a decrease (in the case of above-market leases) or an increase (in the case of below-market leases) to lease income, net over the remaining term of the associated tenant lease. The values, if any, associated with in-place leases are recorded in intangible assets and are amortized to depreciation and amortization expense over the remaining lease term. 
 The difference between the contractual rental rates and our estimate of market rental rates is measured over a period equal to the remaining non-cancelable term of the leases plus the term of any below-market renewal options. For the amortization period, the remaining term of leases with renewal options at terms below market reflect the assumed exercise of such below-market renewal options, if reasonably assured. 
 If a tenant vacates its space prior to the contractual expiration of the lease and no rental payments are being made on the lease, any unamortized balance of the related intangible asset or liability is written off. Tenant improvements are depreciated and origination costs are amortized over the remaining term of the lease or charged against earnings if the lease is terminated prior to its contractual expiration date. 

31 

With the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist, we perform the following procedures for assets acquired: 
 Estimate the value of the property "as if vacant" as of the acquisition date; 
 Allocate the value of the property among land, building, and other building improvements and determine the associated useful life for each; 
 Calculate the value and associated life of above- and below-market leases on a tenant-by-tenant basis. The difference between the contractual rental rates and our estimate of market rental rates is measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the leases (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired, including geographical location, size of leased area, tenant profile and credit risk); 
 Estimate the fair value of the tenant improvements, legal costs and leasing commissions incurred to obtain the leases and calculate the associated useful life for each; 
 Estimate the fair value of assumed debt, if any; and 
 Estimate the intangible value of the in-place leases based on lease execution costs of similar leases as well as lost rent payments during an assumed lease-up period and their associated useful lives on a tenant-by-tenant basis. 
 Impairment of Long Lived Assets 
 We assess the carrying values of our long-lived tangible and intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that they may not be fully recoverable. An example of an event or changed circumstance is a reduction in the expected holding period of a property. When such event or circumstances occur, if it is expected that the carrying value is not recoverable, because the expected undiscounted cash flows do not exceed that carrying value, we recognize an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value. The valuation and possible subsequent impairment of investment properties is a significant estimate that can and does change based on our continuous process of analyzing each property's economic condition over time and reviewing and updating assumptions about uncertain inherent factors, including observable inputs such as contractual revenues and unobservable inputs such as forecasted revenues and expenses, estimated net disposition proceeds, discount and capitalization rates. These unobservable inputs are based on market conditions and the property's expected growth rates. Assumptions and estimates about future cash flows and discount and capitalization rates are complex and subjective. Changes in economic and operating conditions and in our ultimate investment intent that occur subsequent to the impairment analyses could impact these assumptions and result in additional impairment. 
 Our assessment of expected hold period for investment properties evaluated for impairment is of particular significance because of the material impact it has on the evaluation of the property's recoverability. Changes in our disposition strategy or changes in the marketplace may alter the expected hold period of a property which may result in an impairment loss and such loss could be material to the Company's financial condition or operating performance. 

32 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Development, Re-development, Capital Expenditures and Leasing Activities 
 The following table summarizes capital resources used through development and re-development, capital expenditures, and leasing activities at our retail properties owned during the year ended December 31, 2022. These costs are classified as cash used in capital expenditures and tenant improvements and investment in development and re-development projects on the consolidated statements of cash flows during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Development and Re-development Capital Expenditures Leasing Total Direct costs 8,374 (a) 10,771 7,185 (c) 26,330 Indirect costs 1,087 (b) 1,464 2,551 Total 9,461 12,235 7,185 28,881 
 (a) Direct development and re-development costs relate to construction of buildings at our retail properties. 
 (b) Indirect development and re-development costs relate to capitalized interest, real estate taxes, insurance, and payroll attributed to improvements at our retail properties. 
 (c) Direct leasing costs relate to improvements to a tenant space that are either paid directly by us or reimbursed to the tenants. 
 Short-Term Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 On a short-term basis, our principal uses for funds are to pay our operating and corporate expenses, interest and principal on our indebtedness, property capital expenditures, and to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Our ability to maintain adequate liquidity for our operations in the future is dependent upon a number of factors, including our revenue, macroeconomic conditions, our ability to contain costs, including capital expenditures, and to collect rents and other receivables, and various other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We will continue to monitor our liquidity position and may seek to raise funds through debt or equity financing in the future to fund operations, significant investments or acquisitions that are consistent with our strategy. Our ability to raise these funds may also be diminished by other macroeconomic factors. 
 Long-Term Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our objectives are to maximize revenue generated by our retail platform, to further enhance the value of our retail properties to produce attractive current yield and long-term returns for our stockholders, and to generate sustainable and predictable cash flow from our operations to distribute to our stockholders. 
 Any future determination to pay distributions will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our financial condition, capital requirements, restrictions contained in current or future financing instruments, and such other factors as our Board deems relevant. In November 2022, our Board approved an increase to our annual distribution rate effective for the quarterly distribution paid in April 2023. 
 Our primary sources and uses of capital are as follows: 
 Sources Uses Operating cash flows from our real estate investments; 
 Distributions from our joint venture investment; 
 Proceeds from sales of properties; 
 Proceeds from mortgage loan borrowings on properties; 
 Proceeds from corporate borrowings and debt financings; 
 Proceeds from any ATM Program activities; and 
 Proceeds from our Series A and Series B Notes offering. 
 To invest in properties or fund acquisitions; 
 To fund development, re-development, maintenance and capital expenditures or leasing incentives; 
 To make distributions to our stockholders; 
 To service or pay down our debt; 
 To pay our operating expenses; 
 To repurchase shares of our common stock; and 
 To fund other general corporate uses. 
 
 We believe our listing on the NYSE will facilitate supplementing these sources by selling equity securities of the Company if and when we believe appropriate to do so. Also, from time to time, we may seek to acquire additional amounts of our outstanding common stock through cash purchases or exchanges for other securities. Such purchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors. 
 33 

In the first quarter of 2022, we entered into an ATM Program pursuant to which we may sell shares of our common stock up to an aggregate purchase price of 250.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not sold any common stock under the ATM Program. 
 In the second quarter of 2022, we received an inaugural investment-grade credit rating from Fitch Ratings, Inc. of BBB-. 
 On August 11, 2022, the Company issued 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes in a private placement, of which (i) 150.0 million are designated as 5.07 Senior Notes, Series A, due August 11, 2029 (the "Series A Notes") and (ii) 100.0 million are designated as 5.20 Senior Notes, Series B, due August 11, 2032 (the "Series B Notes" and, together with the Series A Notes, the "Notes") pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement. The Notes were issued at par in accordance with the Note Purchase Agreement and pay interest semiannually on February 11th and August 11th until their respective maturities. 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company does not have off balance sheet arrangements other than its joint venture, IAGM, as disclosed in " Part IV. Item 8. Note 6. Investment in Unconsolidated Entities." 
 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Cash provided by operating activities 125,795 89,956 35,839 Cash used in investing activities (144,461) (64,701) (79,760) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 111,574 (204,171) 315,745 Decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 92,908 (178,916) 271,824 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 44,854 223,770 (178,916) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 137,762 44,854 92,908 
 Cash provided by operating activities of 125.8 million and 90.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was generated primarily from income from property operations and operating distributions from IAGM. Cash provided by operating activities increased 35.8 million when comparing 2022 to 2021, primarily as a result of direct listing costs of 19.8 million in 2021, increased operating distributions from IAGM, general fluctuations in working capital, and acquisition activity in excess of disposition activity. Since January 1, 2021, we have acquired seven retail properties and disposed of four retail properties. 
 Cash used in investing activities of 144.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily the result of: 
 235.0 million for acquisitions of investment properties, 
 33.2 million for capital investments and leasing costs, 
 1.2 million for other investing cash outflows, and was partially offset by: 
 77.5 million from net proceeds received from the sale of investment properties, and 
 47.4 million from distributions from unconsolidated entities. 
 Cash used in investing activities of 64.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily the result of: 
 53.1 million for acquisitions of investment properties, 
 25.0 million for capital investments and leasing costs, 
 1.4 million for other investing cash outflows, and was partially offset by: 
 14.8 million from net proceeds received from the sale of investment properties. 
 
 34 

Cash provided by financing activities of 111.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily the result of: 
 250.0 million from our issuance of senior notes, and 
 112.0 million drawn from our line of credit, which were partially offset by: 
 143.0 million repaid on our line of credit, 
 50.5 million for pay-offs of debt, principal payments of mortgage debt, and payment of loan fees and other deposits, and other financing activities, 
 55.3 million to pay distributions, and 
 1.6 million for the payment of tax withholdings for share-based compensation. 
 Cash used in financing activities of 204.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily the result of: 
 457.8 million for pay-offs of debt, debt prepayment penalties, principal payments of mortgage debt, payment of loan fees and other deposits, and other financing activities, 
 16.7 million for the repurchase of common stock under our share repurchase plan, 
 103.3 million for the repurchase of common stock through a tender offer, 
 55.6 million to pay distributions, 
 1.8 million for the payment of tax withholdings for share-based compensation, which were partially offset by: 
 431.0 million from proceeds received under our unsecured credit agreements. 
 We consider all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements with a maturity of three months or less, at the date of purchase, to be cash equivalents. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents at major financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions generally exceed the FDIC insurance coverage. We periodically assess the credit risk associated with these financial institutions. We believe insignificant credit risk exists related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. 
 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions of Real Estate Investments 
 In 2022, we acquired six retail properties and an outparcel adjacent to an existing retail property for an aggregate gross acquisition price of 319.1 million. In 2021, we acquired one retail property and an outparcel adjacent to an existing retail property for an aggregate gross acquisition price of 54.7 million. 
 In 2022, we disposed of three retail properties for an aggregate gross disposition price of 110.5 million. In 2021, we disposed of one retail property and completed partial condemnations at four retail properties for an aggregate gross disposition price of 15.0 million. 
 
 Distributions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we declared cash distributions to our stockholders totaling 55.3 million and paid cash distributions of 55.3 million. 
 As we execute on our retail strategy, the Board evaluated and expects to continue to evaluate our distribution rate on a periodic basis. See " Part I. Item 1. Business - Current Strategy and Outlook " for more information regarding our retail strategy. The following table presents a historical summary of distributions declared, paid and reinvested. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Distributions declared 55,337 55,721 54,604 53,473 53,782 Distributions paid 55,302 55,561 54,214 53,250 54,194 Distributions reinvested 185 50 
 
 35 

Borrowings 
 Mortgages Payable, Maturities 
 The following table reflects the scheduled maturities of the Company's mortgages payable as of December 31, 2022, for each of the next five years and thereafter. 
 Scheduled maturities by year: As of December 31, 2022 2023 13,732 2024 15,700 2025 22,880 2026 2027 26,000 Thereafter 31,500 Total mortgages payable 109,812 
 
 Credit Agreements, Maturities 
 The following table reflects the Company's outstanding borrowings under its unsecured term loans as of December 31, 2022. 
 Principal Balance Interest Rate Maturity Date 200.0 million 5 year - swapped to fixed rate 100,000 2.71 (a) September 22, 2026 200.0 million 5 year - swapped to fixed rate 100,000 2.72 (a) September 22, 2026 200.0 million 5.5 year - swapped to fixed rate 50,000 2.77 (a) March 22, 2027 200.0 million 5.5 year - swapped to fixed rate 50,000 2.76 (a) March 22, 2027 200.0 million 5.5 year - variable rate 100,000 1M SOFR + 1.30 (b) 
 March 22, 2027 Total unsecured term loans 400,000 
 (a) Interest rates reflect the fixed rates achieved through the Company's interest rate swaps. 
 (b) As of December 31, 2022, 1-Month Term SOFR was 4.3581 . 
 
 Senior Notes, Maturities 
 The following table summarizes the Company's outstanding borrowings under its Senior Notes as of December 31, 2022. 
 Principal Balance Fixed Interest Rate Maturity Date 150.0 million Series A 
 150,000 5.07 August 11, 2029 100.0 million Series B 
 100,000 5.20 August 11, 2032 250,000 
 36 

Contractual Obligations 
 We have obligations related to our mortgage loans, senior notes, term loans, and revolving credit facility as described in "Note 8. Debt" in the consolidated financial statements. The unconsolidated joint venture in which we have an investment has third party mortgage debt of 92.5 million at December 31, 2022, as described in "Note 6. Investment in Unconsolidated Entities" in the consolidated financial statements. It is anticipated that our unconsolidated entity will be able to repay or refinance all of its debt on a timely basis. 
 The following table presents, on a consolidated basis, our obligations to make future payments under debt and lease agreements. It excludes debt payable by our unconsolidated joint venture and debt discounts that are not future cash obligations as of December 31, 2022. 
 Payments due by year ending December 31, 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Long term debt: Fixed rate debt, principal (a) 13,732 15,700 22,880 200,000 126,000 281,500 659,812 Variable rate debt, principal 100,000 100,000 Interest 31,277 30,156 29,036 26,606 16,227 38,732 172,034 Total long term debt 45,009 45,856 51,916 226,606 242,227 320,232 931,846 Operating leases (b) 565 628 511 517 529 1,308 4,058 Grand total 45,574 46,484 52,427 227,123 242,756 321,540 935,904 
 (a) Includes 200.0 million of variable-rate unsecured term loans that have been swapped to a fixed rate until September 22, 2026, and 100.0 million of variable-rate unsecured term loans that have been swapped to a fixed rate until March 22, 2027. 
 (b) Includes leases on corporate office spaces. 

Inflation 
 With respect to current economic conditions and governmental fiscal policy, inflation has become a greater risk. Rising inflation may affect our and our tenants' expenses, including, without limitation, by increasing product prices and costs such as wages, benefits, taxes, property and casualty insurance, borrowing costs and utilities. We rely on the performance of our assets to increase revenues in order to keep pace with inflation. We may not be able to offset high rates of inflation through rent increases due to the long-term nature of some of our leases. 
 A number of our leases contain provisions designed to partially mitigate adverse impacts of inflation. Our leases typically require the tenant to pay its share of operating expenses, including common area maintenance, real estate taxes and insurance, thereby reducing our exposure to increases in these costs resulting from inflation, although some larger tenants have capped the amount of these operating costs they are responsible for. A portion of our leases also include clauses enabling us to receive percentage rents based on a tenant's gross sales above specified levels or rental escalation clauses which are typically based on increases in the Consumer Price Index or similar inflation indices. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are subject to market risk associated with changes in interest rates both in terms of variable-rate debt and the price of new fixed-rate debt upon maturity of existing debt and for acquisitions. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. As of December 31, 2022, our debt included outstanding variable-rate term loans of 400.0 million, of which 300.0 million has been swapped to a fixed rate. If market rates of interest on all variable-rate debt as of December 31, 2022, permanently increased or decreased by 1 , the annual increase or decrease in interest expense on the variable-rate debt and decrease or increase in future earnings and cash flows would be approximately 1.0 million. 
 With regard to our variable-rate financing, we assess interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. We maintain risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both outstanding or forecasted debt obligations as well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. The risk management control systems involve the use of analytical techniques, including cash flow sensitivity analysis, to estimate the expected impact of changes in interest rates on our future cash flows. We continue to assess retaining cash flows that may assist us in maintaining a flexible low debt balance sheet and managing the impact of upcoming debt maturities. 
 37 

We monitor interest rate risk using a variety of techniques, including periodically evaluating fixed interest rate quotes on all variable rate debt and the costs associated with converting the debt to fixed rate debt. In addition, existing fixed and variable rate loans that are scheduled to mature within the next two years are evaluated for possible early refinancing and/or extension due to consideration given to current interest rates. Refer to our Borrowings table in Item 7 of this Annual Report for debt principal amounts and expected maturities by year to evaluate the expected cash flows and sensitivity to interest rate changes. 
 We may use financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans. To the extent we do, we are exposed to credit risk and market risk. Credit risk is the risk of failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates credit risk for us. When the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we owe the counterparty and, therefore, it does not pose credit risk. We seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with what we believe are high-quality counterparties. Market risk is the adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument resulting from a change in interest rates. 
 The Company is party to four effective interest rate swap agreements and four interest rate forward swap agreements, which address the periods between the maturity dates of the effective swaps and the maturity dates of the Amended Term Loan Agreement. In tandem, the interest rate swaps achieve fixed interest rates for a constant notional amount through the maturity dates of the Amended Term Loan Agreement. 
 On December 15, 2022, the Company and IAGM transitioned all interest rate swaps from 1-Month LIBOR to 1-Month Term SOFR. The Company's and IAGM's hedging instruments continue to qualify for cash flow hedge accounting through application of expedients provided by ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform . 
 The following table summarizes the Company's four effective and four forward interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2022: 
 Interest Rate Swap Effective Date Termination Date InvenTrust Receives Variable Rate of InvenTrust Pays Fixed Rate of Fixed Rate Achieved Notional Amount Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 5 year, fixed portion Dec 2, 2019 Dec 21, 2023 1-Month SOFR 
 1.41 2.71 100,000 3,222 5 year, fixed portion Dec 2, 2019 Dec 21, 2023 1-Month SOFR 
 1.42 2.72 100,000 3,238 5.5 year, fixed portion Dec 2, 2019 Jun 21, 2024 1-Month SOFR 
 1.47 2.77 50,000 2,275 5.5 year, fixed portion Dec 2, 2019 Jun 21, 2024 1-Month SOFR 
 1.46 2.76 50,000 2,281 300,000 11,016 5 year, fixed portion Dec 21, 2023 Sep 22, 2026 1-Month SOFR 
 1.51 2.81 100,000 4,924 5 year, fixed portion Dec 21, 2023 Sep 22, 2026 1-Month SOFR 
 1.51 2.81 100,000 4,949 5.5 year, fixed portion Jun 21, 2024 Mar 22, 2027 1-Month SOFR 
 1.48 2.78 50,000 2,196 5.5 year, fixed portion Jun 21, 2024 Mar 22, 2027 1-Month SOFR 
 1.54 2.84 50,000 2,116 300,000 14,185 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company's four effective and four forward interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2021: 
 Interest Rate Swap Effective Date Termination Date InvenTrust Receives Variable Rate of InvenTrust Pays Fixed Rate of Fixed Rate Achieved Notional Amount Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 5 year, fixed portion Dec 2, 2019 Dec 21, 2023 1-Month LIBOR 1.48 2.68 100,000 (1,304) 5 year, fixed portion Dec 2, 2019 Dec 21, 2023 1-Month LIBOR 1.48 2.68 100,000 (1,304) 5.5 year, fixed portion Dec 2, 2019 Jun 21, 2024 1-Month LIBOR 1.49 2.69 50,000 (674) 5.5 year, fixed portion Dec 2, 2019 Jun 21, 2024 1-Month LIBOR 1.50 2.70 50,000 (684) 300,000 (3,966) 5 year, fixed portion Dec 21, 2023 Sep 22, 2026 1-Month SOFR 
 1.58 2.78 100,000 (230) 5 year, fixed portion Dec 21, 2023 Sep 22, 2026 1-Month SOFR 
 1.57 2.77 100,000 (212) 5.5 year, fixed portion Jun 21, 2024 Mar 22, 2027 1-Month SOFR 
 1.58 2.78 50,000 (87) 5.5 year, fixed portion Jun 21, 2024 Mar 22, 2027 1-Month SOFR 
 1.60 2.80 50,000 (118) 300,000 (647) 
 
 38 

The following table summarizes IAGM's effective interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2022: 
 Interest Rate Swap Effective Date Termination Date IAGM Receives Variable Rate of IAGM Pays Fixed Rate of Fixed Rate Achieved Notional Amount Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 Secured term loan Apr 1, 2020 Nov 2, 2023 1-Month SOFR 
 0.35 2.00 45,000 1,655 Secured term loan Apr 1, 2020 Nov 2, 2023 1-Month SOFR 
 0.32 1.97 30,000 1,109 75,000 2,764 
 The following table summarizes IAGM's effective interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2021: 
 Interest Rate Swap Effective Date Termination Date IAGM Receives Variable Rate of IAGM Pays Fixed Rate of Fixed Rate Achieved Notional Amount Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 Secured term loan Apr 1, 2020 Nov 2, 2023 1-Month LIBOR 0.43 1.98 45,000 310 Secured term loan Apr 1, 2020 Nov 2, 2023 1-Month LIBOR 0.41 1.96 30,000 220 75,000 530 
 The gains or losses resulting from marking-to-market our derivatives each reporting period are recognized as an increase or decrease in other comprehensive income (loss) on our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and financial statements commencing on page F-1. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) and Rule 15d-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act, our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer evaluated as of December 31, 2022, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e). Based on that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as of December 31, 2022, were effective for the purpose of ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in this report is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the Exchange Act and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, evaluated as of December 31, 2022, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in "Internal Control-Integrated Framework" issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013). Based on its evaluation, our management has concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Company's consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of its audit, has issued its report, included herein on page F-4, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 39 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information called for by this Item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in our definitive Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information called for by this Item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in our definitive Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information called for by this Item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in our definitive Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. I II Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders: Number of Shares Issuable Upon Vesting of Outstanding RSU Awards (a) Number of Securities Remaining Available for 
 Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 (Excluding Securities Reflected in column I (b) 
 Incentive Award Plan (c) 835,478 1,060,241 
 a. Represents restricted share unit ("RSU") awards outstanding under the Incentive Award Plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 b. Includes shares of common stock available for future grants under the Incentive Award Plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 c. The weighted average grant date price per share of common stock underlying the unvested restricted stock units based on total outstanding restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022 was 23.35 . 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information called for by this Item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in our definitive Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information called for by this Item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in our definitive Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 40 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Annual Report 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID:185) 
 F- 2 
 1 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 2 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 F- 31 
 All schedules other than those indicated in the index have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 3 EXHIBITS The following documents are filed as exhibits to this report: 
 EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 2.1 
 Master Modification Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014, by and among Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland American Business Manager Advisor, Inc., Inland American Lodging Corporation, Inland American Holdco Management LLC, Inland American Retail Management LLC, Inland American Office Management LLC, Inland American Industrial Management LLC and Eagle I Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on March 13, 2014) 2.2 
 Asset Acquisition Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014, by and among Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland American Holdco Management LLC, Inland American Retail Management LLC, Inland American Office Management LLC, Inland American Industrial Management LLC and Eagle I Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on March 13, 2014) 2.3 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Xenia Hotels Resorts, Inc., dated as of January 20, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on January 23, 2015) 2.4 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement by and between InvenTrust Properties Corp. and Highlands REIT, Inc., dated as of April 14, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on April 14, 2016) 2.5 
 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among InvenTrust Properties Corp., University House Communities Group, Inc. and UHC Acquisition Sub LLC, dated as of January 3, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant on May 10, 2016) 2.6 
 Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 30, 2016, by and among InvenTrust Properties Corp., University House Communities Group, Inc. and UHC Acquisition Sub LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant on June 27, 2016) 2.7 
 Amendment No. 2 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2016, by and among InvenTrust Properties Corp., University House Communities Group, Inc. and UHC Acquisition Sub LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Registrant's Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant on June 27, 2016) 3.1 
 Seventh Articles of Amendment and Restatement of InvenTrust Properties Corp., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on May 14, 2015) 3.2 
 Articles of Amendment of InvenTrust Properties Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on August 5, 2021) 3.3 
 Articles of Amendment of InvenTrust Properties Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on August 5, 2021) 
 3.4 
 Articles Supplementary of InvenTrust Properties Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 12, 2021) 
 3.5 
 Articles of Amendment of InvenTrust Properties Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on April 28, 2022) 3. 6 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, dated as of October 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 12, 2021) 
 41 

EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 4.1 
 Statement regarding restrictions on transferability of shares of common stock (to appear on stock certificate or to be sent upon request and without charge to stockholders issued shares without certificates) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on July 31, 2007 (file number 333-139504)) 4.2 
 Third Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the prospectus dated November 1, 2019 included in Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-172862) filed November 1, 2019) 4.3 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 10.1 
 Amended and Restated Master Management Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Retail Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2014) 10.2 
 Amended and Restated Master Management Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Office Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2014) 10.3 
 Amended and Restated Master Management Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Industrial Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2014) 10.4 
 Articles of Association of Oak Real Estate Association by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.139 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on November 7, 2006) 10.5 
 Operating Agreement of Oak Property and Casualty L.L.C. by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc, dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.140 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on November 7, 2006) 10.6 
 Oak Property and Casualty L.L.C. Membership Participation Agreement by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., and Oak Property and Casualty L.L.C. dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.141 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on November 7, 2006) 10.7 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2014, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., and Xenia Hotels Resorts, Inc., and Inland American Lodging Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on August 14, 2014) 10.8.1 
 Separation and Consulting Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2017, between InvenTrust Properties Corp. and David F. Collins (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 7, 2017) 10.8.2 
 First Amendment to Separation and Consulting Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2017, between InvenTrust Properties Corp. and David F. Collins (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on December 11, 2017) 10.8.3 
 Second Amendment to Separation and Consulting Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2018, between InvenTrust Properties Corp. and David F. Collins (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 9, 2018) 10.9 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated as of May 10, 2018, by and between InvenTrust Properties Corp. and Ivy Greaner 10.10 
 Severance Agreement and General Release, dated as of August 27, 2018, by and between Michael E. Podboy and InvenTrust Properties Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on August 27, 2018) 10.11 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated as of June 20, 2019, by and between InvenTrust Properties Corp. and Daniel J. Busch (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q as filed by the Registrant on August 8, 2019) 10.12 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2014, by and among Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., IHP I Owner JV, LLC, IHP West Homestead (PA) Owner LLC and Northstar Realty Finance Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 22, 2014) 10.13.1 
 InvenTrust Properties Corp. 2015 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Form S-8 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on June 19, 2015) 10.13.2 
 First Amendment to InvenTrust Properties Corp. 2015 Incentive Award Plan, dated May 6, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on August 15, 2016) 10.14 
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on August 10, 2017) 10.15 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for 2016 Pro Rata Awards (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10.3 to the Registrant's Form 10-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on March 17, 2017) 10.16 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for 2017 Annual Pro Rata Awards (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on August 10, 2017) 10.17 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on August 10, 2017) 10.18 
 InvenTrust Properties Corp. Director Compensation Program, effective as of May 5, 2022 10.19 
 InvenTrust Properties Corp. Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant on July 13, 2018) 
 42 

EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 10.20 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on May 14, 2019) 10.21 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on February 25, 2022) 10.2 2 
 First Amendment to Indemnity Agreement by and among Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Xenia Hotels Resorts, Inc., dated as of February 3, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on February 9, 2015) 10.2 3 .1 
 Amended and Restated Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of December 21, 2018, among InvenTrust Properties Corp., as Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A and U.S. Bank National Association, as tranche A-1 Co-Syndication Agents, PNC Bank, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association, as tranche A-2 Co-Syndication Agents, BMO Harris Bank, N.A. and Fifth Third Bank, as tranche A-1 Co-Documentation Agents, KeyBank National Association, as tranche A-2 Documentation Agent, and the other lenders from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on December 31, 2018) 10.2 3 .2 
 First Amendment, dated as of September 22, 2021, to Amended and Restated Term Loan Credit Agreement, among InvenTrust Properties Corp., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 22, 2021) 
 10.2 4 .1 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 21, 2018, among InvenTrust Properties Corp., as borrower, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Joint Book Managers, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., PNC Bank, National Association, and BMO Harris Bank, N.A., as Joint Lead Arrangers, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Co-Syndication Agents, Bank of America, N.A., PNC Bank, National Association, and BMO Harris Bank, N.A., as Co-Documentation Agents, and the other lenders from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on December 31, 2018) 10.2 4 .2 
 First Amendment, dated as of September 22, 2021, to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among InvenTrust Properties Corp., KeyBank, National Association and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 22, 2021) 
 10.2 5 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Annual Awards (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on August 7, 2020) 
 10.2 6 
 Separation and Consulting Agreement, by and between InvenTrust Properties Corp. and Thomas McGuinness, dated as of February 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on February 23, 2021) 
 10.2 7 
 Third Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on April 12, 2021) 
 10.2 8 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on November 9, 2017) 10.2 9 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated June 3, 2022, by and among InvenTrust Properties Corp. and the purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on June 3, 2022) 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 23.1 
 Consent of KPMG LLP 31.1 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 The following financial information from our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 15, 2022, is formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language ("XBRL"): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Consolidated Statements of Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (tagged as blocks of text). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed as part of this Annual Report This certification is deemed furnished, and not filed, with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 43 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 INVENTRUST PROPERTIES CORP. 
 By: /s/ Daniel J. Busch Name: Daniel J. Busch President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 21, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date By: /s/ Daniel J. Busch President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 21, 2023 Name: Daniel J. Busch By: /s/ Michael Phillips Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) February 21, 2023 Name: Michael Phillips By: /s/ David Bryson Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) February 21, 2023 Name: David Bryson By: /s/ Stuart Aitken Director February 21, 2023 Name: Stuart Aitken By: /s/ Amanda Black Director February 21, 2023 Name: Amanda Black By: /s/ Thomas F. Glavin Director February 21, 2023 Name: Thomas F. Glavin By: /s/ Scott A. Nelson Director February 21, 2023 Name: Scott A. Nelson By: /s/ Paula J. Saban Director February 21, 2023 Name: Paula J. Saban By: /s/ Smita N. Shah Director February 21, 2023 Name: Smita N. Shah By: /s/ Michael A. Stein Director February 21, 2023 Name: Michael A. Stein By: /s/ Julian E. Whitehurst Director February 21, 2023 Name: Julian E. Whitehurst 
 
 44 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 

 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 
 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 F- 31 
 
 All other schedules have been omitted as the information is inapplicable, not required, or the information is included elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements or related notes thereto. 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 InvenTrust Properties Corp.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of InvenTrust Properties Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Expected hold period of investment properties 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company assesses the carrying values of its investment properties (including any related intangible assets or liabilities) on an individual basis when events or changes in circumstances, including changes in the expected holding period, indicate their carrying value may not be fully recoverable. If it is determined that the carrying value of the investment property is not recoverable because the expected undiscounted cash flows do not exceed that carrying value of the property, the Company records an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value. Net investment properties as of December 31, 2022 was 2,092 million, or 84.6 of total assets. 
 
 F-2 

We identified the assessment of the expected hold period for the investment properties evaluated for impairment as a critical audit matter because of the significance of the estimate to the evaluation of the recoverability of the investment properties. Changes in the expected hold period could have a material impact on the projected operating cash flows utilized in the recoverability analysis for the investment property. Subjective and challenging auditor judgment was required to evaluate the reasonableness of management s assessment of expected hold period. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the Company s consideration of individual real estate properties for potential reductions in expected hold period: 
 Inquiring of Company officials to evaluate the likelihood that an investment property will be sold before the end of its expected hold period. 
 Inspecting meeting minutes of the board of directors and the management investment committee to evaluate the likelihood that an investment property will be sold before the end of its expected hold period. 
 Inquiring and obtaining representations from the Company regarding the status and evaluation of any potential disposal of properties. We corroborated that information with others in the organization who are responsible for, and have authority over, disposition activities and compared with the Company s documented investment plans. 
 Reading external communications with investors in order to identify information regarding potential sales of the Company s properties, or other indicators of a reduction in an investment property s expected hold period. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 
 
 February 21, 2023 
 F-3 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 InvenTrust Properties Corp.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited InvenTrust Properties Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 21, 2023 
 F-4 

INVENTRUST PROPERTIES CORP. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Investment properties Land Building and other improvements Construction in progress Total Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Net investment properties Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Investment in unconsolidated entities Intangible assets, net Accounts and rents receivable Deferred costs and other assets, net Total assets Liabilities Debt, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses Distributions payable Intangible liabilities, net Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' Equity Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, outstanding. 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Distributions in excess of accumulated net income ) ) Accumulated comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

INVENTRUST PROPERTIES CORP. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Income Lease income, net Other property income Other fee income Total income Operating expenses Depreciation and amortization Property operating Real estate taxes General and administrative Direct listing costs Total operating expenses Other income (expense) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Provision for asset impairment ) Gain on sale of investment properties, net Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated entities ) Other income and expense, net Total other income (expense), net ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic Weighted-average common shares outstanding, diluted Net income (loss) per common share - basic ) ) Net income (loss) per common share - diluted ) ) Distributions declared per common share outstanding Distributions paid per common share outstanding Comprehensive income (loss) Net income (loss) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives ) Reclassification (to) from net income (loss) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

INVENTRUST PROPERTIES CORP. 

Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Number of Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Distributions in Excess of Accumulated Net Income Accumulated Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Beginning balance, January 1, 2020 ) Net loss ) ) Unrealized loss on derivatives ) ) Reclassification to interest expense, net Reclassification to equity in losses of unconsolidated entities Distributions declared ) ) Stock-based compensation, net Repurchase of common stock under share repurchase plan ) ) ) Common stock issuance costs in excess of proceeds from distribution reinvestment plan ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) Unrealized gain on derivatives Reclassification to interest expense, net Reclassification to equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities Distributions declared ) ) Stock-based compensation, net Repurchase of common stock under share repurchase plan ) ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock through tender offer ) ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Unrealized gain on derivatives Reclassification from interest expense, net ) ) Reclassification from equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities ) ) Distributions declared ) ) Stock-based compensation, net Ending balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

INVENTRUST PROPERTIES CORP. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of market-lease intangibles and inducements, net ) ) ) Amortization of debt discounts and financing costs Straight-line rent adjustment, net ) ) ) Provision for asset impairment (Reversal of) provision for estimated credit losses ) Gain on sale of investment properties, net ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Equity in (earnings) losses of unconsolidated entities ) ) Distributions from unconsolidated entities Stock-based compensation, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts and rents receivable ) ) Deferred costs and other assets, net ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of investment properties ) ) ) Capital expenditures and tenant improvements ) ) ) Investment in development and re-development projects ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of investment properties, net Distributions from unconsolidated entities Lease commissions and other leasing costs ) ) ) Other investing activities, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payment of tax withholdings for share-based compensation ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock under share repurchase plan ) ) Repurchase of common stock through tender offer ) Proceeds from distribution reinvestment plan Distributions to stockholders ) ) ) Term loan proceeds Term loan repayments ) Line of credit proceeds Line of credit repayments ) ) Senior notes proceeds Payoffs of debt ) ) ) Debt prepayment penalties ) Principal payments on mortgage debt ) ) ) Payment of loan fees and deposits ) ) ) Other financing activities ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
 F-8 

INVENTRUST PROPERTIES CORP. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash flow disclosure, including non-cash investing and financing activities: Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest Cash (refunded) paid for income taxes, net of (payments) refunds ) Distributions payable to stockholders Accrued capital expenditures and tenant improvements Capitalized costs placed in service Gross issuance of shares for share-based compensation Reclassification of registration statement costs incurred to equity issuance costs Purchase of investment properties: Net investment properties Accounts and rents receivable, lease intangibles, and deferred costs and other assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses, lease intangibles, and other liabilities ) ) ) Assumption of mortgage debt, at fair value ) Cash outflow for purchase of investment properties, net Assumption of mortgage principal Capitalized acquisition costs ) ) ) Credits and other changes in cash outflow, net Gross acquisition price of investment properties Sale of investment properties: Net investment properties Accounts and rents receivable, lease intangibles, and deferred costs and other assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses, lease intangibles, and other liabilities ) ) Debt assumed by buyer through disposition of property ) Gain on sale of investment properties, net Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Proceeds from sale of investment properties, net Assumption of mortgage principal Credits and other changes in cash inflow, net Gross disposition price of investment properties 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

INVENTRUST PROPERTIES CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

1. 
 unconsolidated real estate joint venture, as disclosed in " Note 6. Investment in Unconsolidated Entities ". 
 The Company has a single reportable segment, multi-tenant retail, for disclosure purposes in accordance with United States ("U.S.") generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). Unless otherwise noted, all square feet and dollar amounts are stated in thousands, except share, per share and per square foot data. Number of properties and square feet are unaudited. 
 Reduction of Authorized Shares 
 On April 28, 2022, the Company filed an amendment to its charter to decrease the number of authorized shares of common stock from to , in proportion with the one-for-ten reverse stock split effected on August 5, 2021. The authorized shares of preferred stock remain at . The authorized shares of common stock have been retroactively adjusted within the accompanying consolidated financial statements to give effect to the reduction for all periods presented. 
 Gross Leasable Area (square feet) 
 
 2. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no VIEs. 
 F-10 

F-11 

F-12 

F-13 

- years is used for buildings and other improvements, and a range of - years is used for furniture, fixtures and equipment. 
 Tenant improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the life of the tenant improvement or the lease term. Amortization is included in depreciation and amortization expense. 
 Deferred leasing costs are recognized as a part of deferred costs and other assets, net and are amortized to depreciation and amortization expense over the remaining term of the associated tenant lease. 
 Direct and indirect costs that are clearly related to the construction and improvements of investment properties are capitalized. Costs incurred for interest, property taxes and insurance are capitalized during periods in which activities necessary to prepare the property for its intended use are in progress. 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Restricted cash often consists of lenders' escrows, operating real estate escrows for taxes, insurance, capital expenditures and payments required under certain lease agreements, and funds restricted through lender or other agreements, including funds held in escrow for future acquisitions. 
 Fair value information pertaining to derivative financial instruments, investment properties, investments in unconsolidated entities and debt is provided in "Note 9. Fair Value Measurements" . 
 
 F-14 

were recognized as a part of other income and expense, net during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

F-15 

share-based compensation plan under which time-based restricted stock units ("RSUs"), performance-based RSUs, and market-based RSUs have been issued with tandem dividend equivalents. Compensation expense related to these awards, which are generally equity classified, is recognized as a part of general and administrative expense. The tandem dividend equivalent cash payments of awards granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 are recognized within equity. The tandem dividend equivalent cash payments of awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are recognized within earnings. Forfeitures of awards are recognized as they occur. 
 Time-based awards are generally measured at grant date fair value and not subsequently remeasured. Compensation expense related to these awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. Time-based awards granted to employees vest equally on each of the first three anniversaries of the applicable vesting commencement date, subject to the employees' continued service to the Company. The time-based RSU awards granted to directors vest on the earlier of the anniversary of the applicable grant date or the date of the Company's next annual meeting of its shareholders following the grant date, subject to the directors' continued service to the Company. 
 Performance-based awards are measured at grant date fair value and each grantee is eligible to vest in a number of RSUs ranging from to of the total number granted based on specified performance levels. Performance-based awards vest within days of the conclusion of the performance period and are generally subject to the recipients' continued service to the Company. Compensation cost is recognized when the performance condition is considered probable of achievement. If a performance award has more than one potential outcome, recognition of compensation cost is based on the most likely outcome. During the service period, a cumulative catch-up approach is used to account for changes in the assessment of which outcome is most likely to occur. Absent a change in the determination of the most likely outcome, compensation expense related to these awards would be recognized on a straight-line basis from the grant date through the vesting date. 
 Market-based awards are valued as of the grant date utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation model that assesses the probability of satisfying certain market performance thresholds over a performance period. Market-based awards vest within days of the conclusion of the performance period and are generally subject to the recipients' continued service to the Company. The number of common shares ultimately issued is based on the Company's total shareholder return ("TSR") relative to that of the FTSE NAREIT Shopping Index peer group on a percentile basis. The resulting compensation expense is recorded over the service period regardless of whether the TSR performance measures are achieved. 
 F-16 

3. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 The foregoing table includes payments from tenants who have taken possession of their space and tenants who have been moved to the cash basis of accounting for revenue recognition purposes. The remaining lease terms range from less than to . 
 Real estate tax recoveries Common area maintenance, insurance, and other recoveries Ground rent income Amortization of market-lease intangibles and inducements, net Short-term and other lease income Termination fee income Straight-line rent adjustment, net Reversal of (provision for) uncollectible straight-line rent ) ) Provision for uncollectible billed rent and recoveries ) ) ) Reversal of uncollectible billed rent and recoveries Lease income, net 
 Other Fee Income 
 Other fee income is derived from services provided to the Company's unconsolidated real estate joint venture and therefore deemed to be related party transactions. The property management, asset management, leasing and other services are provided over the term of the contract. 
 Asset management fees Over time Leasing commissions and other fees Point in time Other fee income 
 F-17 

4. 
 February 2, 2022 Escarpment Village Austin, TX April 21, 2022 The Highlands of Flower Mound (a) Dallas, TX May 4, 2022 Bay Landing Fort Myers, FL June 10, 2022 Kyle Marketplace - Outparcel (b) Austin, TX October 28, 2022 Eastfield Village Charlotte, NC December 16, 2022 Stone Ridge Market (a) San Antonio, TX 
 (a) These retail properties were acquired from the Company's unconsolidated joint venture. See "Note 6. Investment in Unconsolidated Entities". The Company recognized a fair value adjustment of to the mortgage payable secured by The Highlands of Flower Mound. 
 (b) The Company acquired a parcel of vacant land adjacent to this retail property. The assets, liabilities and operations of the outparcel acquired are combined for presentation purposes with the retail property already owned by the Company. 
 The following table reflects the retail properties acquired, accounted for as asset acquisitions, during the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Date Property Metropolitan Area Square Feet Gross Acquisition Price July 12, 2021 Prestonwood Town Center (a) Dallas, TX September 2, 2021 Rio Pinar Plaza - Outparcel (b) Orlando, FL 
 (a) This retail property was acquired from the Company's unconsolidated joint venture. See "Note 6. Investment in Unconsolidated Entities". 
 (b) The Company acquired a parcel of vacant land adjacent to this retail property. The assets, liabilities and operations of the outparcel acquired are combined for presentation purposes with the retail property already owned by the Company. 
 Transaction costs of and were capitalized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 5. 
 June 30, 2022 Cheyenne Meadows Denver, CO December 15, 2022 The Shops at Walnut Creek (a) Denver, CO 
 (a) The property's buyer assumed a million mortgage payable secured by the property. We recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of million related to the buyer's assumption. 
 The following table reflects the real property disposed of during the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Date Property Metropolitan Area Square Feet Gross Disposition Price Gain (Loss) on Sale, net February 28, 2021 Sonterra Village (a) San Antonio, TX N/A March 14, 2021 Eldridge Town Center (a) Houston, TX N/A March 31, 2021 Windward Commons (a) Alpharetta, GA N/A ) June 30, 2021 Eldridge Town Center (a) Houston, TX N/A July 20, 2021 Kroger Tomball Houston, TX October 31, 2021 Westpark Shopping Center (a) Washington D.C/Richmond Metro Area N/A 
 (a) These dispositions were related to completions of partial condemnations at retail properties. 
 F-18 

6. 
 interest in unconsolidated entity, IAGM Retail Fund I, LLC ("IAGM"), a joint venture partnership between the Company and PGGM Private Real Estate Fund ("PGGM"). IAGM was formed on April 17, 2013 for the purpose of acquiring, owning, managing, and disposing of retail properties and sharing in the profits and losses from those retail properties and their activities. On January 18, 2023, the Company acquired the remaining retail properties from IAGM by acquiring of the membership interests in each of IAGM's wholly owned subsidiaries, as disclosed in " Note 13. Subsequent Events". 
 The Company analyzed the joint venture agreement and determined that IAGM was not a VIE. The Company also considered the joint venture partners' participating rights under the joint venture agreement and determined that the joint venture partners have the ability to participate in major decisions, which equates to shared decision making. Accordingly, the Company has significant influence but does not control IAGM. Therefore, IAGM was not consolidated by the Company, and the equity method of accounting was applied. Under the equity method of accounting, the net equity investment of the Company and the Company's share of net income or loss from the unconsolidated entity are reflected in the consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 IAGM is party to interest rate swap agreements to achieve fixed interest rates on its senior secured term loan facility. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the interest rate swaps were recorded as assets with fair values of and , respectively, on IAGM's consolidated balance sheet, of which the Company's share was and , respectively. The Company recognizes its share of gains or losses resulting from IAGM's interest rate swaps as an adjustment to the Company's investment in IAGM and an increase or decrease in comprehensive income. 
 On September 28, 2022, IAGM transitioned its senior secured term loan facility from a London Inter-bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") which repriced monthly ("1-Month LIBOR") to a Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") which reprices monthly ("1-Month Term SOFR"). 
 On December 15, 2022, IAGM transitioned its interest rate swaps from 1-Month LIBOR to 1-Month Term SOFR. IAGM's hedging instruments continue to qualify for cash flow hedge accounting through application of expedients provided by Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform . 
 September 3, 2021 Westover Marketplace 
 December 1, 2021 South Frisco Village 
 March 3, 2022 Price Plaza (b) April 21, 2022 The Highlands of Flower Mound (a) 
 December 16, 2022 Stone Ridge Market (a) December 22, 2022 Stables Town Center (c) ) 
 (a) The Company purchased these properties at a purchase price determined by a third party real estate valuation specialist. The Company deferred its share of IAGM's gains on sale and began amortizing it over years as an increase to equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities. 
 (b) The buyer assumed a mortgage payable secured by the property. 
 (c) IAGM disposed of square feet out of a total square feet through a partial sale of the property. 
 The following table reflects the mortgage paydowns by IAGM of during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Date Mortgaged Property Contractual Interest Rate Mortgage Paydown (a) Loss on Debt Extinguishment March 26, 2021 Westover Marketplace 
 July 12, 2021 Senior secured pooled loan 
 + 1M LIBOR December 16, 2022 Stone Ridge Market December 22, 2022 Senior secured pooled loan 
 + 1M SOFR 
 (a) Mortgage paydowns were funded by available liquidity and proceeds from the sale of properties. 
 F-19 

Other assets Total assets Liabilities and equity: Mortgage debt, net Other liabilities Equity Total liabilities and equity Company's share of equity Outside basis difference, net (a) ) ) Carrying value of investments in unconsolidated entities 
 (a) The outside basis difference relates to the unamortized deferred gains on historical property sales from IAGM to the Company. 
 The following table presents condensed income statement information of IAGM: 
 Year ended December 31, IAGM 2022 2021 2020 Total income Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Property operating ) ) ) Real estate taxes ) ) ) Asset management fees ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other expense and income, net ) ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment ) ) ) Provision for asset impairment ) Gain on sale of investment properties, net Net income (loss) ) Company's share of net income (loss) ) Outside basis adjustment for investee's sale of real estate, net ) ) ) Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated entities ) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, none of IAGM's mortgages payable are recourse to the Company. It is anticipated that the joint venture will be able to repay, refinance or extend all of its debt on a timely basis. IAGM's remaining mortgages payable of are scheduled to mature during the year ending December 31, 2023, not inclusive of extension options. 
 F-20 

7. 
 Above-market leases Intangible assets Accumulated amortization: In-place leases ) ) Above-market leases ) ) Accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net Intangible liabilities: Below-market leases Accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible liabilities, net Deferred leasing costs: Leasing costs Accumulated amortization ) ) Deferred leasing costs, net 
 
 Above-market leases Amortization of intangible assets Intangible liabilities: Amortization of below-market leases Deferred leasing costs: Amortization of deferred leasing costs 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 F-21 

8. 
 million Revolving Credit Agreement to September 22, 2025, with extension options. 
 On September 22, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to its million Term Loan Credit Agreement (the "Amended Term Loan Agreement"), which provides for, among other things, an extension of the maturity dates and a reallocation of indebtedness under the outstanding tranches of term loans thereunder. The Amended Term Loan Agreement consists of a million tranche maturing on September 22, 2026, and a million 5.5-year tranche maturing on March 22, 2027. 
 On May 11, 2022, the Company transitioned its Amended Revolving Credit Agreement and Amended Term Loan Agreement from 1-Month LIBOR to 1-Month Term SOFR. 
 On June 3, 2022, in connection with and upon effectiveness of the Note Purchase Agreement (as defined below) and in accordance with the terms of the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement and Amended Revolving Credit Agreement, each of the administrative agents under such agreements released all of the subsidiary guarantors from their guaranty obligations that were previously made for the benefit of the lenders under such agreements. 
 Senior Notes 
 On August 11, 2022, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of senior notes in a private placement, of which (i) million are designated as Senior Notes, Series A, due August 11, 2029 (the "Series A Notes") and (ii) million are designated as Senior Notes, Series B, due August 11, 2032 (the "Series B Notes" and, together with the Series A Notes, the "Notes") pursuant to a note purchase agreement (the "Note Purchase Agreement"), dated June 3, 2022, between the Company and the various purchasers named therein. The Notes were issued at par in accordance with the Note Purchase Agreement and pay interest semiannually on February 11th and August 11th until their respective maturities. 
 The Company may prepay at any time all or any part of the Notes, in an amount not less than of the aggregate principal amount of any series of the Notes then outstanding in the case of a partial prepayment, at of the principal amount prepaid plus accrued interest and a Make-Whole Amount (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement). The Notes will be required to be absolutely and unconditionally guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Company that guarantee certain material credit facilities of the Company. Currently, there are no subsidiary guarantees of the Notes. 

F-22 

(a) (a) Term Loans million years 
 9/22/2026 Fixed (b) (b) million years 
 9/22/2026 Fixed (b) (b) million years 
 3/22/2027 Fixed (b) (b) million years 
 3/22/2027 Fixed (b) (b) million years 
 3/22/2027 Variable 1M SOFR + (c) 
 1M LIBOR + (c) 
 Total Senior Notes million 
 8/11/2029 Fixed million 
 8/11/2032 Fixed Total Revolving Line of Credit million total capacity 
 9/22/2025 Variable 1M SOFR + 
 (c) 
 1M LIBOR + 
 (c) 
 Total debt Debt discounts and issuance costs, net ) ) Debt, net 
 (a) Interest rates reflect the weighted average of the Company's mortgages payable. 
 (b) Interest rates reflect the fixed rates effectively achieved through the Company's interest rate swaps. 
 and 1-Month LIBOR was , respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

F-23 

effective interest rate swap agreements and interest rate forward swap agreements, which address the periods between the maturity dates of the effective swaps and the maturity dates of the Amended Term Loan Agreement. In tandem, the interest rate swaps achieve fixed interest rates for a constant notional amount through the maturity dates of the Amended Term Loan Agreement. 
 On December 15, 2022, the Company transitioned its interest rate swaps from 1-Month LIBOR to 1-Month Term SOFR. The Company's hedging instruments continue to qualify for cash flow hedge accounting through application of expedients provided by ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform . 
 effective and forward interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2022: 
 Interest Rate Swaps Notional Amount Company Receives Variable Rate of Company Pays Fixed Rate of Fixed Rate Achieved Effective Date Maturity Date Year Term Loan 
 1-Month SOFR 
 Dec 2, 2019 Dec 21, 2023 Year Term Loan 
 1-Month SOFR 
 Dec 2, 2019 Dec 21, 2023 Year Term Loan 
 1-Month SOFR 
 Dec 2, 2019 Jun 21, 2024 Year Term Loan 
 1-Month SOFR 
 Dec 2, 2019 Jun 21, 2024 Year Term Loan 
 1-Month SOFR 
 Dec 21, 2023 Sep 22, 2026 Year Term Loan 
 1-Month SOFR 
 Dec 21, 2023 Sep 22, 2026 Year Term Loan 
 1-Month SOFR 
 Jun 21, 2024 Mar 22, 2027 Year Term Loan 
 1-Month SOFR 
 Jun 21, 2024 Mar 22, 2027 
 The following table summarizes the Company's effective and forward interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2021: 
 Interest Rate Swaps Notional Amount Company Receives Variable Rate of Company Pays Fixed Rate of Fixed Rate Achieved Effective Date Maturity Date Year Term Loan 
 1-Month LIBOR 
 Dec 2, 2019 Dec 21, 2023 Year Term Loan 
 1-Month LIBOR 
 Dec 2, 2019 Dec 21, 2023 Year Term Loan 
 1-Month LIBOR 
 Dec 2, 2019 Jun 21, 2024 Year Term Loan 
 1-Month LIBOR 
 Dec 2, 2019 Jun 21, 2024 Year Term Loan 
 1-Month LIBOR 
 Dec 21, 2023 Sep 22, 2026 Year Term Loan 
 1-Month LIBOR 
 Dec 21, 2023 Sep 22, 2026 Year Term Loan 
 1-Month LIBOR 
 Jun 21, 2024 Mar 22, 2027 Year Term Loan 
 1-Month LIBOR 
 Jun 21, 2024 Mar 22, 2027 
 
 ) Interest expense, net ) ) Interest expense, net 
 
 F-24 

9. 
 ) 
 (a) During the twelve months subsequent to December 31, 2022, an estimated of derivative interest rate assets recognized in accumulated comprehensive income (loss) will be reclassified into earnings. 
 (b) The Company's derivative assets or liabilities are recognized as a part of deferred costs and other assets, net or other liabilities, respectively. IAGM's derivative assets or liabilities are recognized as a part of investment in unconsolidated entities. 
 (c) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company determined that the credit valuation adjustments associated with nonperformance risk are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. As a result, the Company's derivative valuations in their entirety are classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Level 1 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had Level 1 recurring fair value measurements. 
 Level 2 
 To calculate the fair value of the derivative interest rate instruments, the Company primarily uses quoted prices for similar contracts and inputs based on data that are observed in the forward yield curve that is widely observable in the marketplace. The Company also incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements that utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads. 
 Level 3 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had Level 3 recurring fair value measurements. 
 Non-Recurring Measurements 
 Investment Properties 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had Level 3 nonrecurring fair value measurements. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company identified retail property that had a reduction in its expected holding period and recorded a provision for asset impairment of as a result of the fair value being lower than the property's carrying value. The Company's fair value was based on an executed sales contract. This property was disposed of on May 1, 2020. 
 Assets Held by Unconsolidated Entities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company identified retail property within the IAGM joint venture that had a reduction in its expected holding period by the joint venture and recorded a provision for asset impairment of . A discounted cash flow model was utilized to estimate the fair value of this retail property. This cash flow model consisted of unobservable inputs such as forecasted revenues and expenses and estimated net disposition proceeds at the end of the hold period, based on market conditions and expected growth rates. A terminal capitalization rate and a discount rate of was utilized in the model based upon observable rates that the Company believed to be within a reasonable range of then current market rates, based on the nature of the underlying investment and associated risks. The Company recognized its' share of this provision for asset impairment of as part of equity in earnings (losses). 
 
 F-25 

Financial Instruments Not Measured at Fair Value 
 Senior notes N/A Term loans Revolving line of credit N/A 
 The market interest rates used to estimate the fair value of the Company's mortgages payable, senior notes, term loans, and revolving line of credit reflect the terms currently available on similar borrowing terms to borrowers with credit profiles similar to that of the Company's. The Company classifies its debt instrument valuations within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 F-26 

10. 
 ) ) Earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares Net income (loss) attributed to common shares - basic and diluted Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Dilutive effect of unvested restricted shares (a) Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Basic and diluted earnings per common share: Net income (loss) per common share - basic ) ) Net income (loss) per common share - diluted ) ) 
 (a) For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company has excluded the anti-dilutive effect of unvested restricted shares. 
 
 ATM Program 
 On March 7, 2022, the Company established an at-the-market equity offering program (the "ATM Program") through which the Company may sell from time to time up to an aggregate of million of its common stock. In connection with the ATM Program, the Company may sell shares of its common stock to or through sales agents, or may enter into separate forward sale agreements with one of the agents, or one of their respective affiliates, as a forward purchaser. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not sold any common stock under the ATM Program. 
 Share Repurchase Programs 
 On February 23, 2022, the Company established a share repurchase program (the "SRP") of up to million of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock. The SRP may be suspended or discontinued at any time, and does not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or particular amount of shares. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not repurchased any common stock under the SRP. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company repurchased shares of the Company's outstanding common stock at a price per share of , reflecting a discount to an estimated Net Asset Value ("NAV") per share of as of December 1, 2020 established by the Company's board of directors (the "Board"). 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 On August 5, 2021, the Company effected a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of its common stock, reducing the number of shares of common stock outstanding from to shares on that date. Fractional shares resulted in the issuance of an additional shares, which have been included in the total issued and outstanding shares for all periods presented. See "Note 1. Organization" for more information concerning the reverse stock split. 

F-27 

11. 
 shares of the Company's common stock pursuant to awards under the Incentive Award Plan. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for future issuance under the Incentive Award Plan. Outstanding awards granted are categorized as either time-based awards, performance-based awards, or market-based awards. All awards are valued at fair value, earn dividends throughout the vesting period, and have no voting rights. 
 Risk free interest rate - Dividend Yield 
 On February 18, 2021, the Board approved grants of time-based and performance-based RSUs under the Company's Incentive Award Plan at the most recent estimated NAV per share of as of December 1, 2020. 
 On February 23, 2021, the Company announced the expected retirement of its President and Chief Executive Officer in August 2021, which resulted in accelerated recognition of certain stock-based compensation expenses. The Company also announced the appointment of certain executives in establishing a plan of succession. In connection with the appointments, the Board approved one-time grants of time-based RSUs under the Company's Incentive Award Plan at the most recent estimated NAV per share of as of December 1, 2020. 
 Shares granted Shares vested ) Shares forfeited ) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 Shares granted Shares vested ) Shares forfeited ) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Shares granted Shares vested ) ) Shares forfeited ) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock-based compensation arrangements that will vest through December 2024. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as a part of general and administrative expenses . 
 F-28 

12. 
 Operating lease ROU accumulated amortization Deferred costs and other assets, net ) ) Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities 
 
 Variable operating lease payments General and administrative Short-term operating lease payments General and administrative Total lease cost Weighted-average remaining lease term of operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate of operating leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total expected minimum lease obligation Less: Amount representing interest (a) ) Present value of net minimum lease payments 
 (a) Interest includes the amount necessary to reduce the total expected minimum lease obligations to present value calculated at the Company's incremental borrowing rate. 
 
 F-29 

13. 
 remaining retail properties from IAGM for an aggregate purchase price of million by acquiring 100 of the membership interests in each of IAGM's wholly owned subsidiaries . The Company assumed aggregate mortgage debt of million and funded the remaining balance with its available liquidity. Subsequent to the transaction, IAGM proportionately distributed substantially all net proceeds from the sale, of which the Company's share was approximately million. In connection with the foregoing, IAGM adopted a liquidation plan on January 11, 2023. 
 On February 6, 2023, the Company extinguished the million mortgage payable secured by Renaissance Center with its available liquidity. 
 
 F-30 

INVENTRUST PROPERTIES CORP. 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (amounts stated in thousands) 

 2020 Bay Landing Bonita Springs, FL 2022 Bear Creek Village Center Wildomar, CA 2009 Bent Tree Plaza Raleigh, NC 2009 Buckhead Crossing Atlanta, GA 2009 Campus Marketplace San Marcos, CA 2017 Cary Park Town Center Cary, NC 2017 Commons at University Place Durham, NC 2019 Coweta Crossing Newnan, GA 2009 Custer Creek Village Richardson, TX 2007 Eldorado Marketplace Frisco, TX 2019 Eldridge Town Center Windermere Village Houston, TX 2005 Eastfield Village Charlotte, NC 2022 Garden Village San Pedro, CA 2009 Gateway Market Center St. Petersburg, FL 2010 Escarpment Village Austin, TX 2022 Kennesaw Marketplace Kennesaw, GA 2018 Kyle Marketplace Kyle, TX 2017 Lakeside Lakeside Crossing Winter Park, FL ) 2019 Market at Westlake Westlake Hills, TX ) ) 2007 
 
 F-31 

INVENTRUST PROPERTIES CORP. 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (amounts stated in thousands) 

 2016 Old Grove Marketplace Oceanside, CA 2016 Pavilion at La Quinta LaQuinta, CA 2009 Peachland Promenade Port Charlotte, FL 2009 PGA Plaza Palm Beach Gardens, FL 2018 Plantation Grove Ocoee, FL 2014 Plaza Midtown Atlanta, GA 2017 Prestonwood Town Center Dallas, TX 2021 Renaissance Center Durham, NC 2016 Rio Pinar Plaza Orlando, FL 2015 River Oaks Santa Clarita, CA 2017 Riverview Village Arlington, TX 2007 Riverwalk Market Flower Mound, TX 2016 Rose Creek Woodstock, GA 2009 Sandy Plains Centre Marietta, GA 2018 Sarasota Pavilion Sarasota, FL 2010 Scofield Crossing Austin, TX ) 2007 Shops at Fairview Town Center Fairview, TX 2019 Shops at The Galleria Bee Cave, TX 2016 Shops at Arbor Trails Austin, TX 2022 Sonterra Village San Antonio, TX ) 2015 
 F-32 

INVENTRUST PROPERTIES CORP. 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (amounts stated in thousands) 

 ) 2019 Stevenson Ranch Stevenson Ranch, CA 2016 Suncrest Village Orlando, FL 2014 Sycamore Commons Matthews, NC 2010 Stone Ridge Market San Antonio, TX 2022 The Centre on Hugh Howell Tucker, GA ) 2007 The Parke Cedar Park, TX 2017 The Pointe at Creedmoor Raleigh, NC 2016 The Highlands of Flower Mound Flower Mound, TX 2022 The Shops at Town Center Century Station Germantown, MD 2017 Thomas Crossroadas Newnan, GA 2009 Travilah Square Rockville, MD 2019 Trowbridge Crossing Sandy Springs, GA 2020 University Oaks Shopping Center Round Rock, TX ) 2010 Westfork Plaza Paraiso Parc Pembroke Pines, FL 2017 Westpark Shopping Center Glen Allen, VA ) 2013 Windward Commons Alpharetta, GA ) 2016 Total corporate assets - Total Construction in progress Total investment properties 
 F-33 

INVENTRUST PROPERTIES CORP. 
 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (amounts stated in thousands) 

 (unaudited). 
 (A) The initial cost to the Company represents the original purchase price of the asset, including amounts incurred subsequent to acquisition which were contemplated at the time the property was acquired. 
 (B) Cost capitalized subsequent to acquisition includes additional tangible costs associated with investment properties. Amount also includes impairment charges recorded subsequent to acquisition to reduce basis. 
 (C) Reconciliation of total investment properties: 
 2022 2021 2020 Balance at January 1, Acquisitions and capital improvements Disposals and write-offs of assets no longer in service ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 (D) Reconciliation of accumulated depreciation: 
 2022 2021 2020 Balance at January 1, Depreciation expense Disposal and write-offs of assets no longer in service ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 (E) Depreciation is computed based upon the following estimated lives: 
 Buildings and other improvements - years Tenant improvements Life of the lease Furniture, fixtures and equipment - years 
 F-34 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 ivtp1231202210-kexh43.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 
 Exhibit 4.3 

 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following is a brief description of the securities of InvenTrust Properties Corp. our company, we, us or our registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following description of our capital stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, our charter, as amended and supplemented (our charter ), and our third amended and restated bylaws (our bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read our charter, bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL for additional information. As of December 31, 2022 and the date hereof, our common stock, 0.001 par value per share Common Stock ), is the only class of our securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 General 
 Our charter provides that we may issue up to 146,000,000 shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, and up to 40,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share Preferred Stock ). Our board of directors (the Board of Directors or the Board has the power, with the approval of a majority of the Board and without stockholder approval, to amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series we are authorized to issue. As of December 31, 2022, we had 67,472,553 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding. 
 Under Maryland law, stockholders generally are not personally liable for our debts or obligations solely as a result of their status as stockholders. 
 Common Stock 
 All of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock are duly authorized, fully paid and nonassessable. Subject to the preferential rights of holders of any other class or series of our stock, and to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, our common stockholders are entitled to receive dividends when authorized by our Board and declared by us out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends and to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, after payment of, or adequate provision for, all of our known debts and liabilities. 
 Subject to our charter restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock and except as may otherwise be provided in our charter, each outstanding share of our Common Stock entitles the holder thereof to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, our common stockholders will possess exclusive voting power. Cumulative voting in the election of directors is not permitted. 
 Our common stockholders have no preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund or redemption rights and have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our capital stock. Subject to our charter restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, holders of shares of our Common Stock will initially have equal dividend, liquidation and other rights. Our charter provides that our stockholders generally have no appraisal rights. 
 Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, convert into another entity, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a statutory share exchange or engage in similar transactions unless declared advisable by the board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter unless a lesser percentage (but not less than a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in the corporation s charter. Our charter provides for approval of these matters by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on such matters. 
 Our charter authorizes our Board of Directors to reclassify any unissued shares of our Common Stock into other classes or series of stock, to establish the designation and number of shares of each such class or series and to set, subject to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of each such class or series. 

Preferred Stock 
 Under the terms of our charter, our Board of Directors is authorized to classify any unissued shares of our Preferred Stock and to reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of Preferred Stock into other classes or series of stock. Before the issuance of shares of each class or series, our Board of Directors is required by Maryland law and by our charter to set, subject to our charter restrictions on ownership and transfer of stock, the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption for each class or series. As of the date of this filing, we have no outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, and we presently have no plans to issue any other shares or classes of Preferred Stock. 
 Power to Issue Additional Shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock 
 We believe that the power to issue additional shares of our Common Stock or Preferred Stock and to classify or reclassify unissued shares of our Common Stock or Preferred Stock and to issue the classified or reclassified shares provides us with increased flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in meeting other needs which might arise. These actions can be taken without action by our stockholders, unless stockholder approval is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our stock may be listed or traded. Although we have no present intention of doing so, we could issue a class or series of stock that (i) has priority over shares of our Common Stock with respect to dividends or other distributions or rights upon liquidation, exclusive or class voting rights or with other terms and conditions, or (ii) could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium price for our Common Stock or that our common stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interest. In addition, our issuance of additional shares of stock in the future could dilute the voting and other rights of your shares. See Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and Our Charter and Bylaws . 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the Code ), our shares of stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made) or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. Also, not more than 50 of the value of our outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) during the last half of a taxable year (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made). 
 In order to qualify as a REIT and for other purposes, our charter, subject to certain exceptions, contains restrictions on the number of shares of our stock that a person, as defined by the charter, may own. Our charter provides that, subject to the exceptions described below, no person may beneficially or constructively own (i) more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock, or (ii) more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of all classes and series of our capital stock. We refer to the foregoing restrictions as the Ownership Limit. 
 Our charter also prohibits any person from 
 beneficially or constructively owning shares of our capital stock to the extent that such beneficial or constructive ownership would result in our being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of the taxable year) 
 transferring shares of our capital stock to the extent that such transfer would result in our shares of capital stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons (determined under the principles of Section 856(a)(5) of the Code) 
 beneficially or constructively owning shares of our capital stock to the extent such beneficial or constructive ownership would cause any income of the company that would otherwise qualify as rents from real property for purposes of Section 856(d) of the Code to fail to qualify as such (including, but not limited to, beneficial ownership or constructive ownership that would result in the company actually or constructively owning a 10 or greater interest in a tenant as described in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code) or 
 beneficially or constructively owning shares of our capital stock if such beneficial or constructive ownership would otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT under the Code. 

Our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may prospectively or retroactively exempt a person from certain of the limits described in the paragraph above and may establish or increase an excepted holder percentage limit for that person. The person seeking an exemption must provide to our Board of Directors any representations, covenants and undertakings that are reasonably necessary for our Board of Directors to conclude that (i) granting the exemption will not (a) result in our being closely held, (b) cause any of our income that would otherwise qualify as rents from real property to fail to qualify as such or (c) cause us to otherwise lose our status as a REIT and (ii) the person does not actually or constructively own an interest in a tenant of the Company that would cause the Company to actually or constructively own more than a 9.9 interest (as set forth in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code) in such tenant. Such person must also agree that any violation or attempted violation of such covenants (or any other action that is contrary to the transfer and ownership restrictions contained in our charter) will result in such shares of our capital stock being automatically transferred to a trust as described below. Our Board of Directors may not grant an exemption to any person if that exemption would result in our failing to qualify as a REIT. Our Board of Directors may require a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service or an opinion of counsel, in either case in form and substance satisfactory to our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, in order to determine or ensure our status as a REIT and may impose such conditions or restrictions as it deems appropriate in connection with granting any such exemption. 
 Our Board of Directors may, in its sole and absolute discretion, increase or decrease any or all of the ownership limits for one or more persons, except that a decreased ownership limit will not be effective for any person whose actual, beneficial or constructive ownership of our stock exceeds the decreased ownership limit at the time of the decrease until the person s actual, beneficial or constructive ownership of our stock equals or falls below the decreased ownership limit, although any further acquisition of shares of our stock or beneficial or constructive ownership of our stock will violate the decreased ownership limit. Our board of directors may not increase or decrease any ownership limit if, among other limitations, the new ownership limit would allow five or fewer persons to actually or beneficially own more than 49 in value of our outstanding stock, could cause us to be closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year) or could otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 Any attempted transfer of shares of our capital stock (or other event or change) which, if effective, would violate any of the restrictions described above will result in the number of shares of our capital stock causing the violation (rounded up to the nearest whole share) to be automatically transferred to a trust or trusts for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries, except that any transfer that results in the violation of the restriction relating to shares of our capital stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons will be void ab initio. In either case, the proposed transferee will not acquire any rights in those shares. The automatic transfer will be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the business day prior to the date of the purported transfer or other event that results in the transfer to the trust. Shares held in the trust will be issued and outstanding shares. The proposed transferee will not benefit economically from ownership of any shares held in the trust, will have no rights to dividends or other distributions and will have no rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares held in the trust. The trustee of the trust will have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares held in the trust. These rights will be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the charitable beneficiary. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to our discovery that shares have been transferred to the trust will be paid by the recipient to the trustee upon demand. Any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid will be paid when due to the trustee. Any dividend or other distribution paid to the trustee will be held in trust for the charitable beneficiary. Subject to Maryland law, the trustee will have the authority (i) to rescind as void any vote cast by the proposed transferee prior to our discovery that the shares have been transferred to the trust and (ii) to recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. However, if we have already taken irreversible corporate action, then the trustee will not have the authority to rescind and recast the vote. 
 Within 20 days of receiving notice from us that shares of our stock have been transferred to the trust, the trustee will sell the shares to a person, designated by the trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the above ownership and transfer limitations. Upon the sale, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee and to the charitable beneficiary as follows. The proposed transferee will receive the lesser of (i) the price paid by the proposed transferee for the shares or, if the proposed transferee did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the trust (e.g., a gift, devise or other similar transaction), the market price (as defined in our charter) of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the trust and (ii) the price per share received by the trustee (net of any commission and other expenses of sale) from the sale or other disposition of the shares. The trustee may reduce the amount payable to the proposed transferee by the amount of dividends or other distributions paid to the proposed transferee and owed by the proposed transferee to the trustee. Any net sale proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the proposed transferee will be paid immediately to the charitable beneficiary. If, prior to our discovery that our shares of our stock have been transferred to the trust, the shares are sold by the proposed transferee, then (i) the shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust and (ii) to the extent that the proposed transferee received an amount for the shares that exceeds the amount he or she was entitled to receive, pursuant to the above, the excess shall be paid to the trustee upon demand. 

In addition, shares of our stock held in the trust will be deemed to have been offered for sale to us, or our designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer to the trust (or, in the case of a devise, gift or other similar transaction, the market price at the time of the devise, gift or other similar transaction) and (ii) the market price on the date we, or our designee, accept the offer, which we will reduce by the amount of dividends and other distributions paid to the proposed transferee and owed by the proposed transferee to the trustee. We will have the right to accept the offer until the trustee has sold the shares. Upon a sale to us, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee. 
 If a transfer to a charitable trust, as described above, would be ineffective for any reason to prevent a violation of a restriction, the transfer that would have resulted in a violation will be void ab initio, and the proposed transferee shall acquire no rights in those shares. 
 Any certificate representing shares of our capital stock, and any notices delivered in lieu of certificates with respect to the issuance or transfer of uncertificated shares, will bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above. 
 Any person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire beneficial or constructive ownership of shares of our capital stock that will or may violate any of the foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership, or any person who would have owned shares of our capital stock that resulted in a transfer of shares to a charitable trust, is required to give written notice immediately to us or, in the case of a proposed or attempted transaction, to give at least 15 days prior written notice, and provide us with such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect of the transfer on our status as a REIT. The foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if our Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT or that compliance is no longer required in order for us to qualify as a REIT. 
 Every owner of more than 5 (or any lower percentage as required by the Code or the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder) in number or value of the outstanding shares of our capital stock, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, is required to give us written notice, stating his or her name and address, the number of shares of each class and series of shares of our capital stock that he or she beneficially owns and a description of the manner in which the shares are held. Each of these owners must promptly provide us with additional information that we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of his or her beneficial ownership on our status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the ownership limits. In addition, each stockholder will upon demand be required to provide us with information that we may request in order to determine our status as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine our compliance. 
 These ownership limitations could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our shares of Common Stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and Our Charter and Bylaws 
 The following summary of certain provisions of Maryland law and our charter and bylaws does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to Maryland law and to our charter and our bylaws. 
 Our Board of Directors 
 According to our charter and bylaws, the number of directors of our company may be established, increased or decreased only by a majority of our entire Board of Directors but may not be fewer than the minimum number required under the MGCL (which is currently one) nor, unless our bylaws are amended, more than eleven. 
 Any vacancy on the Board of Directors for any cause other than an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, even if such majority is less than a quorum. Any vacancy in the number of directors created by an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the entire Board of Directors. Any individual so elected as a director shall serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. 
 Each of our directors will be elected by our common stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting of our stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies under the MGCL. Holders of shares of our Common Stock will have no right to cumulative voting in the election of directors. Our Bylaws provide that each director shall be elected by a plurality of all of the votes cast in the election of directors. 

Removal of Directors 
 Our charter provides that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock to elect or remove one or more directors, a director may be removed at any time, with or without cause and without the necessity for concurrence by the directors, by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. 
 Business Combinations 
 Under the MGCL, certain business combinations (including a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or, in certain circumstances specified under the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities) between a Maryland corporation and any interested stockholder, or an affiliate of such an interested stockholder, are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Maryland law defines an interested stockholder as 
 any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock or 
 an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding stock of the corporation. 
 A person is not an interested stockholder under the MGCL if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. In approving a transaction, the Board of Directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of the approval, with any terms and conditions determined by it. 
 After such five-year period, any such business combination must be recommended by the Board of Directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and 
 two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom (or with whose affiliate) the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 
 These supermajority approval requirements do not apply if, among other conditions, the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price (as defined in the MGCL) for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 
 These provisions of the MGCL do not apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by a corporation s board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. We have elected, by resolution of our Board, to opt out of the business combination provisions of the MGCL, provided that such business combination has been approved by our Board (including a majority of directors who are not affiliated with the interested stockholder). 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 The MGCL provides that a holder of control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition has no voting rights with respect to those shares except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by stockholders entitled to exercise or direct the exercise of the voting power in the election of directors generally but excluding (1) the person who has made or proposes to make the control share acquisition (2) any officer of the corporation or (3) any employee of the corporation who is also a director of the corporation. Control shares are voting shares of stock that, if aggregated with all other such shares of stock previously acquired by the acquirer or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third 
 one-third or more but less than a majority or 
 a majority or more of all voting power. 

Control shares do not include shares that the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. A control share acquisition means the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of ownership of, or the power to direct the exercise of voting power with respect to, issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon satisfaction of certain conditions (including an undertaking to pay expenses and making an acquiring person statement as described in the MGCL), may compel the board of directors of a company to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the control shares. If no request for a special meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 If voting rights of control shares are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then, subject to certain conditions and limitations, the corporation may redeem any or all of the control shares (except those for which voting rights have previously been approved) for fair value determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares as of the date of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of such shares are considered and not approved or, if no such meeting is held, as of the date of the last control acquisition by the acquirer. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of such appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 
 The control share acquisition statute does not apply (1) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or statutory share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (2) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 
 Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock. Our Board of Directors may amend or eliminate this provision at any time in the future, whether before or after the acquisition of control shares. 
 Subtitle 8 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, and with at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or by a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in its charter or bylaws, to any or all of five provisions 
 a classified board 
 a requirement that a director may be removed only by the vote of the holders of two-thirds of all votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors 
 a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors 
 a requirement that a vacancy on the board of directors be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualified and 
 a requirement that a special meeting of the stockholders be called at the request of stockholders only if requested by stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting. 
 Through provision in our charter and bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we already vest in our board the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships, subject to limitations set forth in our charter and bylaws, and provide that a special meeting of stockholders will be called at the request of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of votes entitled to be cast. As a result of the Board s previously adopted resolutions on September 20, 2021, we are prohibited from electing to be subject to the provisions of Subtitle 8 that would permit us to classify the Board without stockholder approval, and such prohibition may not be repealed unless a proposal to repeal such prohibition is approved by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast on the matter by our stockholders. 

Amendments to Our Charter and Bylaws 
 Our charter generally may be amended only if such amendment is declared advisable by our Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our Board of Directors has the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of our bylaws and to make new bylaws. 
 Exclusive Forum for Certain Disputes 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Northern Division, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined in the MGCL, other than any action arising under federal securities laws, including, without limitation, (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of the corporation to the corporation or to the stockholders of the corporation or (iii) any action asserting a claim against the corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL, the charter or bylaws, or (b) any action asserting a claim against the corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the corporation that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision will limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in another judicial forum, including in a judicial forum that it believes is favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, managers, agents or employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, managers, agents or employees. 
 Meetings of Stockholders 
 Under our bylaws, annual meetings of stockholders will be held each year at a date and time determined by our Board of Directors. Special meetings of stockholders may be called by our Board of Directors, the chairman of our Board of Directors, our president or our chief executive officer. Additionally, subject to the provisions of our bylaws, special meetings of the stockholders must be called by our secretary to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting who have requested the special meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in, and provided the information and certifications required by, our bylaws. Only matters set forth in the notice of the special meeting may be considered and acted upon at such a meeting. 
 Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 
 Our bylaws provide that 
 with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to our Board of Directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders at the annual meeting may be made only 
 pursuant to our notice of the meeting 
 by or at the direction of our Board of Directors or 
 by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record at the record date set by our Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, at the time of giving of the notice of the meeting and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual nominated or on such other business, and who has complied with the advance notice procedures set forth in, and provided the information and certifications required by, our bylaws and 
 with respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our company s notice of meeting may be brought before the special meeting of stockholders, and nominations of individuals for election to our Board of Directors may be made only 
 by or at the direction of our Board of Directors or 
 provided that the meeting has been called in accordance with our bylaws for the purpose of electing directors, by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting, at the time of giving of the notice required by our bylaws and at the time of the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the advance notice provisions set forth in, and provided the information and certifications required by, our bylaws. 

The purpose of requiring stockholders to give advance notice of nominations and other proposals is to afford our Board of Directors and our stockholders the opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees or the advisability of the other proposals and, to the extent considered necessary by our Board of Directors, to inform stockholders and make recommendations regarding the nominations or other proposals. 
 Proxy Access Procedures for Qualifying Stockholders 
 Our bylaws permit a stockholder, or a group of no more than 20 stockholders, that owns at least 3 or more of the shares of our Common Stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in our proxy materials candidates for election as directors of the Company, subject to certain terms and conditions. Such stockholder(s) or group(s) of stockholders may nominate director candidates constituting up to the greater of two individuals or 20 of our Board of Directors, provided that the stockholder(s) and the director nominee(s) satisfy the eligibility, notice and other requirements specified in the bylaws. 
 Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision eliminating the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or active and deliberate dishonesty that is established by a final judgment and is material to the cause of action. Our charter contains such a provision that eliminates such liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 The MGCL requires a Maryland corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made or threatened to be made a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The MGCL permits a Maryland corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made or are threatened to be made a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that 
 the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and 
 was committed in bad faith or 
 was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty 
 the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or 
 in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. 
 However, under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify a director or officer for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the corporation or if the director or officer was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received, unless in either case a court orders indemnification and then only for expenses. A court may order indemnification if it determines that the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, even though the director or officer did not meet the prescribed standard of conduct or was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received. 
 In addition, the MGCL permits a Maryland corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon the corporation s receipt of 
 a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation and 
 a written undertaking, which may be unsecured, by the director or officer or on the director s or officer s behalf to repay the amount paid if it shall ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met. 

Our charter and our bylaws obligate us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, to indemnify and to pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding without requiring a preliminary determination of the director s or officer s ultimate entitlement to indemnification to 
 any present or former director or officer who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or 
 any individual who, while a director or officer of our company and at our request, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner, member, manager or trustee of another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or any other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. 
 Our charter and bylaws also permit us, with the approval of our Board of Directors, to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served a predecessor of ours in any of the capacities described above and to any employee or agent of our company or a predecessor of our company. 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers that provide for indemnification to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 REIT Qualification 
 Our charter provides that our Board of Directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interest to attempt to, or to continue to, be qualified as a REIT. Our charter also provides that our Board of Directors may determine that compliance with the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock is no longer required for us to qualify as a REIT. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 ivtp1231202210-kexh1018.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 
 Exhibit 10.18 

 INVENTRUST PROPERTIES CORP. 
 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION PROGRAM 
 
 This InvenTrust Properties Corp. (the Company Director Compensation Program (this Program for non-employee directors of the Company (the Directors shall be effective as of May 5, 2022 (the Effective Date ). 
 
 Cash Compensation 
 
 Annual retainers will be paid in the following amounts to Directors 
 Director 65,000 Chair of Audit Committee 25,000 Chair of Compensation Committee 20,000 Chair of Nominating and Governance Committee 20,000 Non-Chair Audit Committee Member 12,500 Non-Chair Compensation Committee Member 10,000 Non-Chair Nominating and Governance Committee Member 10,000 Non-Executive Chairman (additional retainer) 50,000 
 
 All annual retainers will be paid in cash quarterly in arrears promptly following the end of the applicable calendar quarter, but in no event more than thirty (30) days after the end of such quarter. 
 
 Equity Compensation 
 Annual Grant Each individual who is initially elected as a Director on the date of an annual meeting of the Company s stockholders and each Director who is serving on the Board as of the date of each annual meeting of the Company s stockholders and who is re-elected as a Director at such annual meeting shall, on the date of such annual meeting, automatically be granted restricted stock units RSUs with a value of 120,000 (the Annual Grant ), and a tandem dividend equivalent award with respect thereto. Each Annual Grant shall vest in full on the earlier of (i) the date of the next annual meeting of the Company s stockholders following the grant date or (ii) the first anniversary of the grant date, subject to the Director s continued service on the vesting date. 
 
 Business Expenses 
 
 The Company shall reimburse each Director for reasonable business expenses incurred by such Director in connection with his or her services to the Company (including, without limitation, expenses for continuing education programs), pursuant to the Company s standard expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time to time. 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 For purposes of determining the number of RSUs subject to each Annual Grant, the dollar value of such grant shall be divided by the average of the closing trading prices of a Share on the principal exchange on which such shares are then traded for each trading day during the twenty (20) consecutive trading days ending on such date, in each case rounded up to the nearest whole RSU. 
 
 The terms of each award of RSUs (including, without limitation, the form of payment under such award) and dividend equivalents shall be set forth in an award agreement in a form prescribed by the Board, and RSUs and dividend equivalents granted under this Program shall be subject to the 

Exhibit 10.18 

 terms of such award agreement and the applicable Company equity incentive plan under which the award is granted. 
 
 Effectiveness, Amendment, Modification and Termination 
 
 This Program shall become effective as of the Effective Date, and as of the Effective Date shall replace and supersede all previous director compensation programs of the Company. This Program may be amended, modified or terminated by the Board at any time and from time to time its sole discretion. 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ivtp1231202210-kexh211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 INVENTRUST PROPERTIES CORP. 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Entity Name Domestic Jurisdiction A-S 66 Beltway 8-Blackhawk, L.P. Texas IA Arlington Riverview GP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Arlington Riverview Limited Partnership Illinois IA Arlington Riverview LP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Atlanta Buckhead Member, L.L.C. Delaware IA Atlanta Buckhead, L.L.C. Delaware IA Austin Scofield GP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Austin Scofield Limited Partnership Illinois IA Austin Scofield LP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Colorado Springs Cheyenne, L.L.C. Delaware IA Cypress Cyfair GP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Cypress CyFair Limited Partnership Illinois IA Cypress Cyfair LP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Dallas Prestonwood GP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Dallas Prestonwood Limited Partnership Illinois IA Dallas Prestonwood LP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Erlanger Silverlake, L.L.C. Delaware IA Greeley Centerplace Holding, L.L.C. Delaware IA Greeley Centerplace, L.L.C. Delaware IA Laquinta Pavilion, L.L.C. Delaware IA League City Bay Colony GP, L.L.C. Delaware IA League City Bay Colony Limited Partnership Illinois IA League City Bay Colony LP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Matthews Sycamore LP, LLC Delaware IA Matthews Sycamore GP, LLC Delaware IA Matthews Sycamore, LP Delaware IA Newnan Coweta, L.L.C. Delaware IA Newnan Thomas, L.L.C. Delaware IA Ocoee Plantation Grove, L.L.C. Delaware IA Orlando Suncrest Village, L.L.C. Delaware IA Port Charlotte Peachland, L.L.C. Delaware IA Raleigh Bent Tree LP, LLC Delaware IA Raleigh Bent Tree GP, LLC Delaware IA Raleigh Bent Tree, LP Delaware IA Richardson Custer Creek GP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Richardson Custer Creek Limited Partnership Illinois IA Richardson Custer Creek LP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Round Rock University Oaks GP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Round Rock University Oaks Limited Partnership Illinois IA Round Rock University Oaks LP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Sacramento Development VP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Sacramento Holdings, L.L.C. Delaware IA Sacramento Rail, L.L.C. Delaware IA San Antonio Stone Ridge, L.L.C. Delaware 

IA San Antonio Westover Outlot, L.L.C. Delaware IA San Antonio Westover, L.L.C. Delaware IA San Pedro Garden, L.L.C. Delaware IA Sarasota Tamiami, L.L.C. Delaware IA South Frisco Village, L.L.C. Delaware IA St. Petersburg Gateway, L.L.C. Delaware IA Tucker Hugh Howell, L.L.C. Delaware IA Westlake GP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Westlake Limited Partnership Illinois IA Westlake LP, L.L.C. Delaware IA Wildomar Bear Creek, L.L.C. Delaware IA Woodstock Rose Creek, L.L.C. Delaware IAGM REIT I, LLC Delaware IAGM Retail Fund I Member, L.L.C. Delaware IAGM Retail Fund I,L.L.C. Delaware InvenTrust Properties Corp. Maryland InvenTrust Property Management, LLC Delaware IVT Acquisitions Corp. Delaware IVT Antoine Town Center Houston, LLC Delaware IVT Bay Landing Bonita Springs, LLC Delaware IVT Campus Marketplace San Marcos, LLC Delaware IVT Cary Park Town Center LP, LLC Delaware IVT Cary Park Town Center GP, LLC Delaware IVT Cary Park Town Center, LP Delaware IVT Commons at University Place Durham GP, LLC Delaware IVT Commons at University Place Durham LP, LLC Delaware IVT Commons at University Place Durham, LP Delaware IVT Creedmoor Raleigh GP, LLC Delaware IVT Creedmoor Raleigh LP, LLC Delaware IVT Creedmoor Raleigh, LP Delaware IVT Cypress Cyfair, LLC Delaware IVT Dallas Prestonwood, LLC Delaware IVT Eastfield Village Huntersville, LLC Delaware IVT Eldorado Marketplace Frisco, LLC Delaware IVT Escarpment Village Austin, LLC Delaware IVT Highland at Flower Mound Prairie Road, LLC Delaware IVT Highlands at Flower Mound GP, LLC Delaware IVT Highlands at Flower Mound LP, LLC Delaware IVT Highlands at Flower Mound, LP Illinois IVT Kennesaw Marketplace, LLC Delaware IVT Kyle Marketplace, LLC Delaware IVT Lakeside Crossing Winter Park, LLC Delaware IVT Lakeside Winter Park, LLC Delaware IVT Northcross Center Huntersville GP, LLC Delaware IVT Northcross Center Huntersville LP, LLC Delaware IVT Northcross Center Huntersville, LP Delaware IVT Old Grove Marketplace Oceanside, LLC Delaware IVT OP GP, LLC Delaware 

IVT OP Limited Partnership Delaware IVT Paraiso Parc Pembroke Pines, LLC Delaware IVT Parke Cedar Park, LLC Delaware IVT PGA Plaza Palm Beach Gardens, LLC Delaware IVT Plaza Midtown Atlanta, LLC Delaware IVT Port Charlotte Peachland, LLC Delaware IVT Price Plaza Katy, LLC Delaware IVT Renaissance Center Durham I GP, LLC Delaware IVT Renaissance Center Durham I LP, LLC Delaware IVT Renaissance Center Durham I, LP Delaware IVT Renaissance Center Durham II, LLC Delaware IVT Retail TRS, INC. Delaware IVT Rio Pinar Plaza Orlando, LLC Delaware IVT River Oaks Valencia, LLC Delaware IVT Riverwalk Market Flower Mound, LLC Delaware IVT Sandy Plains Centre Marietta, LLC Delaware IVT Shoppes at Fairview, LLC Delaware IVT Shops at Arbor Trails Austin, LLC Delaware IVT Shops at Galleria Bee Cave LLC Delaware IVT Shops at Town Center Germantown, LLC Delaware IVT Sonterra Village San Antonio, LLC Delaware IVT Southern Royal Palm Beach, LLC Delaware IVT Spring Stables, LLC Delaware IVT Stevenson Ranch Plaza, LLC Delaware IVT Stone Ridge San Antonio, LLC Delaware IVT Tomball Town Center, LLC Delaware IVT Travilah Square Rockville, LLC Delaware IVT Trowbridge Crossing Sandy Springs, LLC Delaware IVT Walnut Creek Westminster, LLC Delaware IVT Westfork Plaza Pembroke Pines, LLC Delaware IVT Westpark Glen Allen, LLC Delaware IVT Windward Commons Alpharetta, LLC Delaware Mainline Holdings, Inc. Delaware MB Cypress Cyfair GP, L.L.C. Delaware MB Cypress Cyfair Limited Partnership Illinois MB Cypress Cyfair LP, L.L.C. Delaware MB Houston Blackhawk GP, L.L.C. Delaware MB Houston Blackhawk LP, L.L.C. Delaware MB Houston Eldridge GP, L.L.C. Delaware MB Houston Eldridge Limited Partnership Illinois MB Houston Eldridge LP, L.L.C. Delaware MB Houston Eldridge Town Center GP, L.L.C. Delaware MB Houston Eldridge Town Center Limited Partnership Illinois MB Houston Eldridge Town Center LP, L.L.C. Delaware MB Houston Windemere GP, L.L.C. Delaware MB Houston Windemere Limited Partnership Illinois MB Houston Windemere LP, L.L.C. Delaware MB League City Bay Colony GP, L.L.C. Delaware 

MB League City Bay Colony Limited Partnership Illinois MB League City Bay Colony LP, L.L.C. Delaware MB Spring Stables GP, L.L.C. Delaware MB Spring Stables Limited Partnership Illinois MB Spring Stables LP, L.L.C. Delaware SB Retail Insurance Company, LLC Vermont 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ivtp1231202210-kexh231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-172862 and No. 333-263342) on Form S-3 and (No. 333-205098 and No. 333-199234) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 21, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule III of InvenTrust Properties Corp. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG, LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ivtp1231202210-kexh311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 I, Daniel J. Busch, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of InvenTrust Properties Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 21, 2023 By s Daniel J. Busch Name Daniel J. Busch Title President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ivtp1231202210-kexh312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 I, Michael Phillips, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of InvenTrust Properties Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 21, 2023 By s Michael Phillips Name Michael Phillips Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ivtp1231202210-kexh321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of InvenTrust Properties Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to such officer s knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 21, 2023 By s Daniel J. Busch Name Daniel J. Busch Title President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as a part of the Report or on a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ivtp1231202210-kexh322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of InvenTrust Properties Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to such officer s knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 21, 2023 By s Michael Phillips Name Michael Phillips Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as a part of the Report or on a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ivtp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ivtp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ivtp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ivtp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ivtp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

