<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_937556_0000937556-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>78306680</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>490086</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>63214437</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6381567</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4157227</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3734211</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000937556-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301072440
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000937556-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		195
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MASIMO CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000937556
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				330368882
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33642
		FILM NUMBER:		23689779

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		52 DISCOVERY
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-297-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		52 DISCOVERY
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000937556-23-000016.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 masi-20221231.htm
 10-K

masi-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 ________________________________________________ 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class: Trading symbol: Name of each exchange on which registered: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing sale price of the common stock on July 3, 2021, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, was approximately billion. Shares of stock held by officers, directors and 5 percent or more stockholders have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. At January 28, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

MASIMO CORPORATION 
 FISCAL YEAR 2022 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 30 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 60 
 Item 2 Properties 
 60 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 60 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 60 
 PART II 
 Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 61 
 Item 6 [Reserved] 
 63 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 64 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 74 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 75 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 75 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 75 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 76 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 76 
 PART III 
 Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 76 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 76 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 76 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 76 
 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 76 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 77 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 81 
 Signatures 
 82 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in Item 1 Business, Item 1A Risk Factors and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations but appear throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, any projection or expectation of earnings, revenue or other financial items; the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; factors that may affect our operating results, including accounting and tax estimates; our success in pending litigation; new products or services; the demand for our products; our ability to consummate acquisitions and successfully integrate them into our operations; future capital expenditures; effects of current or future economic conditions or performance; industry trends and other matters that do not relate strictly to historical facts or statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, ongoing, opportunity, plan, potential, predicts, seek, should, will, or would, and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. These forward-looking statements are based on the expectations, estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to management, all of which is subject to change. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and could cause our actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially and adversely from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed under Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements for any reason, except as otherwise required by law. 
 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a global technology company dedicated to improving lives. In connection with the acquisition of Viper Holdings Corporation d/b/a Sound United (Sound United Acquisition), we announced an organizational structure change designed to accelerate our growth strategies and strengthen our focus on patient care, thereby creating two reportable segments: healthcare and non-healthcare. We commenced reporting under this new structure effective for the quarter ended July 2, 2022. 
 Healthcare 
 Our healthcare business develops, manufactures and markets a variety of noninvasive patient monitoring technologies, hospital automation and connectivity solutions, remote monitoring devices and consumer health products. Our patient monitoring solutions generally incorporate a monitor or circuit board, proprietary single-patient use or reusable sensors, software, cables and other services. We primarily sell our healthcare products to hospitals, emergency medical service (EMS) providers, home care providers, physician offices, veterinarians, long-term care facilities and consumers through our direct sales force, distributors and original equipment manufacturer (OEM) partners, such as GE Healthcare, Hillrom, Mindray, Philips, Physio-Control and Zoll, just to name a few. 
 Our core measurement technologies are our breakthrough Measure-through Motion and Low Perfusion pulse oximetry, known as Masimo Signal Extraction Technology (SET pulse oximetry, and advanced rainbow Pulse CO-Oximetry parameters such as noninvasive hemoglobin (SpHb ), alongside many other modalities, including brain function monitoring, hemodynamic monitoring, regional oximetry, acoustic respiration rate monitoring, capnography and gas monitoring, nasal high-flow respiratory support therapy, patient position and activity tracking and neuromodulation technology solutions. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Our measurement technologies are available on many types of devices, from bedside hospital monitors like the Root Patient Monitoring and Connectivity Hub, to various handheld and portable devices, and to the tetherless Radius-PPG , Radius-VSM and Masimo SafetyNet remote patient surveillance solution. The Masimo Hospital Automation Platform facilitates data integration, connectivity and interoperability through solutions like Patient SafetyNet , Iris , iSirona , Replica and UniView to facilitate more efficient clinical workflows and to help clinicians provide the best possible care, both in-person and remotely. Leveraging our expertise in hospital-grade technologies, we are also expanding our suite of products intended for use both inside and outside the hospital and products for personal home wellness, including Masimo Sleep, a sleep quality solution, the Masimo Radius T wireless, a wireless wearable continuous thermometer, the Radius C wireless tetherless capnograph, and the Masimo W1 a wrist worn continuous biosensing health watch. 
 Non-healthcare 
 Our non-healthcare consumer audio business develops, manufactures, markets, sells and licenses premium and luxury audio, and related integration technologies. Our consumer audio products are sold direct-to-consumers or through authorized retailers and wholesalers. We also license certain audio technologies to select luxury automotive manufacturers such as BMW , Maserati , McLaren , Polestar and Volvo . In addition, we maintain partnerships with certain airlines for bespoke headphones, allowing for the best in-flight audio experience. Our premium and luxury audio business includes iconic brands like Bowers Wilkins , Denon , Marantz , Polk , Definitive Technology , Classe , Boston Acoustics and HEOS , to meet differentiated consumers wants and needs. 

Our Strategy 
 We are an organization engineered to improve life. We exist for people who care, care about others, care about quality, care about precision and care about excellence. Our healthcare and non-healthcare segments are joined by the common goal of improving lives by providing patient-centered solutions to healthcare providers, expanding outside of the hospital and into the home and delivering innovative, high-quality information and experiences to consumers. We beli eve that people and infrastructures are ready for actionable patient care outside of the hospital. 
 We deliver value to our customers and stockholders through: 
 our differentiated and clinically superior technologies; 
 our proven track record of innovation; 
 our customer-driven approach to product development; 
 our robust product portfolio and pipeline that addresses unmet needs of healthcare professionals, patients, and consumers; and 
 our scaled and integrated platforms to continuously monitor and deliver health information and other data, applications and experiences. 

2 

Table of Contents 

Some of our key strategic initiatives are summarized below: 
 continue to expand our market share across our product categories; 
 continue to innovate and maintain our technology leadership position; 
 expand connectivity and wearables in hospitals and into the home and consumer market; 
 utilize our existing customer base and OEM relationships to market additional product offerings; 
 define and leverage shared Masimo product platforms to scale resources and connected technologies; 
 diversify products to ensure continued operations; 
 expand sales and marketing infrastructure to aid in future grown initiatives; 
 increase efficiency and capacity through internal manufacturing capabilities combined with proven outsourced manufacturing partners; 
 grow our international presence through brand awareness and marketing; 
 expand our direct-to-consumer efforts through existing channel partners and prospective customers; 
 supplement our internal growth and expand our product portfolio with strategic acquisitions, investments and partnerships; and 
 drive an efficient capital structure and strong shareholder returns. 
 
 Our Technologies 
 Conventional Pulse Oximetry 
 Pulse oximetry enables the noninvasive measurement of the oxygen saturation level of arterial blood (SpO 2 ), which delivers oxygen to the body s organs and tissues. Pulse oximetry also measures pulse rate (PR), which, when measured by electrocardiogram (ECG), is called heart rate. Pulse oximeters use sensors attached to an extremity, typically the fingertip or certain core body sites. These sensors contain two light-emitting diodes that transmit red and infrared light from one side of the extremity through the tissue to a photodetector on the other side of the extremity. The photodetector in the sensor measures the amount of red and infrared light absorbed by the tissue. A microprocessor then analyzes the changes in light absorption to provide a continuous, real-time measurement of the amount of oxygen in the patient s arterial blood. Pulse oximeters typically give audio and visual alerts, or alarms, when the patient s arterial blood oxygen saturation level or pulse rate falls outside of a user-designated range. As a result, clinicians have the opportunity to assess patients who may need immediate treatment to prevent the serious clinical consequences of hypoxemia, or low arterial blood oxygen saturation levels, and hyperoxemia, or high arterial blood oxygen levels. 
 As one of the most common technologies used in and out of hospitals around the world, pulse oximetry has gained widespread clinical acceptance as a standard patient vital sign measurement because it can give clinicians a warning of possible hypoxemia or hyperoxemia. SpO 2 monitoring of oxygen saturation is critical because hypoxemia can lead to a lack of oxygen in the body s tissues, which can be toxic and result in organ damage or death. Pulse oximeters are used in a variety of critical care settings, including surgery, recovery rooms, intensive care units (ICUs), emergency departments and general care floors, as well as alternative care settings, such as long-term care facilities, physician offices and the home monitoring of patients with chronic conditions. Clinicians also use pulse oximeters to monitor oxygen saturation in premature babies to ensure that appropriate oxygen saturation levels are maintained. 
 Conventional pulse oximetry has limitations that can reduce its effectiveness and the quality of patient care. In particular, when using conventional pulse oximetry, oxygen saturation measurements can be distorted by motion artifact, or patient movement, and low perfusion, or low arterial blood flow at the measurement site. Motion artifact can cause conventional pulse oximeters to inaccurately measure the arterial blood oxygen saturation level, due mainly to the effect of movement-induced pulsations of venous blood, which is at a lower oxygen saturation than arterial blood. Low perfusion can also cause conventional pulse oximeters to report inaccurate measurements or, in some cases, no measurement at all. In addition, conventional pulse oximeters cannot distinguish oxygenated hemoglobin from dyshemoglobin, including the most prevalent forms of dyshemoglobins, carboxyhemoglobin and methemoglobin. As a result, conventional pulse oximeters may report falsely high oxygen levels when these dyshemoglobins are present in the blood. Furthermore, conventional pulse oximetry readings can also be impacted by bright light and electrical interference caused by the presence of electrical surgical equipment. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

The Masimo Difference - Masimo SET Pulse Oximetry 
 Masimo SET was designed to overcome the primary limitations of conventional pulse oximetry by maintaining accuracy in the presence of motion artifact, low perfusion and weak signal-to-noise situations. Our Masimo SET platform, which became available to U.S. hospitals in 1998, is the basis of our pulse oximetry products, and we believe represented the first significant technological advancement in pulse oximetry since its invention in the early 1970s and introduction in the early 1980s. Masimo SET utilizes five signal processing algorithms, four of which are proprietary, in parallel to deliver high sensitivity and specificity in the measurement of arterial blood oxygen saturation levels. Sensitivity is the ability to detect true alarms and specificity is the ability to avoid false alarms. One of our proprietary processing algorithms, Discrete Saturation Transform , separates the signal from noise in real time through the use of adaptive filtering and an iterative sampling technique that tests each possible saturation value for validity. Masimo SET signal processing can therefore identify the venous blood and other noise , isolate them and extract the arterial signal. 
 The performance of Masimo SET pulse oximetry has been evaluated in more than 100 independent studies and thousands of clinical evaluations. We believe that Masimo SET is trusted by clinicians to safely monitor in excess of approximately 200 million patients each year and has been chosen as the primary pulse oximeter technology used by nine of the top ten hospitals according to the 2022-2023 U.S. News World Report Best Hospitals Honor Roll. Compared to conventional pulse oximeters, during patient motion and low perfusion, Masimo SET provides measurements when other pulse oximeters cannot, significantly reduces false alarms (improved specificity), and accurately detects true alarms (improved sensitivity). Despite pulse oximetry s widespread use since the 1980s, it had not been shown to improve clinical outcomes before the introduction of Masimo SET . Masimo SET has been shown to help clinicians reduce severe retinopathy of prematurity neonates, improve CCHD screening in newborns, and, when used for continuous monitoring with Masimo Patient SafetyNet in post-surgical wards, reduce rapid response team activations, ICU transfers, and costs. 
 Our pulse oximetry technology is contained on a circuit board which can be placed inside a standalone pulse oximetry monitor, placed inside OEM multiparameter monitors, or included as part of an external Board-in-Cable solution that is plugged into a port on an OEM or other device. All of these solutions, as well as most of our patient cables, use our proprietary single-patient-use or reusable sensors . We sell our products to end-users through our direct sales force and through certain distributors, as well as to our OEM partners, for incorporation into their products. In 2013, with the launch of iSpO2 , we began selling our pulse oximetry products in the consumer home wellness market. 
 To complement our Masimo SET platform, we have developed a wide range of proprietary single-patient-use (disposable) sensors, including untethered Radius-PPG , and multi-patient-use (reusable) sensors, cables and other accessories designed specifically to work with Masimo SET software and hardware. Our single-patient-use sensors offer several advantages over reusable sensors, including improved performance, cleanliness, increased comfort and greater reliability. Although our technology platforms operate solely with our proprietary sensor lines, our sensors have the capability to work with certain competitive pulse oximetry monitors through the use of adapter cables. 
 Adhesive sensors are single-patient-use items, but the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) allows third parties to reprocess pulse oximetry sensors. In response to some hospitals requests to implement environmentally friendly products, we offer sensor reprocessing as well as sensor recycling programs. 
 
 Masimo rainbow SET Platform and Other Technology Solutions 
 Since introducing Masimo SET , we have continued to innovate by introducing noninvasive measurements that go beyond arterial blood oxygen saturation and pulse rate. Our Masimo rainbow SET platform leverages our Masimo SET technology and incorporates licensed rainbow technology to enable real-time monitoring of additional noninvasive measurements. Our rainbow SET platform includes our rainbow SET Pulse CO-Oximetry products, which we believe are the first devices cleared by the FDA to noninvasively and continuously monitor additional hemoglobin species that were previously only measurable using intermittent invasive procedures using multiple wavelengths of light. 
 In addition to SpO 2 , PR, perfusion index (Pi), Pleth Variability Index (PVi ), Rainbow Pleth Variability Index (RPVi and respiration rate from the pleth (RRp ), rainbow Pulse CO-Oximetry has the unique ability to measure and distinguish oxygenated hemoglobins from the dyshemoglobins that are incapable of transporting oxygen, carboxyhemoglobin (SpCO and methemoglobin (SpMet ). Besides the ability to measure SpCO and SpMet , the Masimo rainbow SET platform also allows for the noninvasive and continuous monitoring of total hemoglobin concentration (SpHb as well as the monitoring of arterial oxygen saturation, in the presence of carboxyhemoglobin and methemoglobin, known as fractional arterial oxygen saturation (SpfO 2 ). Additionally, the rainbow SET platform also allows for the calculation of Oxygen Content (SpOC) and Oxygen Reserve Index (ORi ). SpfO 2 and ORi have received CE Marking, but are not currently available for sale in the U.S. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

We believe that Masimo rainbow Pulse CO-Oximetry products will become widely adopted for the noninvasive monitoring of these measurements in the future. We also believe that the addition of acoustic respiration rate (RRa ), using our rainbow Acoustic Monitoring technology, will strengthen the clinical demand for noninvasive and continuous monitoring using our rainbow platform, especially in the growing general floor market. 
 Products with our MX circuit board contain our Masimo SET pulse oximetry technology as well as circuitry to support rainbow measurements. At the time of purchase, or at any time in the future, our customers and our OEMs customers have the option of purchasing additional rainbow software measurements, which allow such customers to incrementally expand their patient monitoring systems with a cost-effective solution. To date, over forty companies have released rainbow SET equipped products or announced rainbow integration plans. 
 
 Following the introduction of our rainbow SET platform, we have continued to expand our technology offerings by introducing additional noninvasive measurements, technologies, platforms and other solutions to create new market opportunities in both hospital and non-hospital care settings, including the Masimo Hospital Automation Platform, other connectivity platforms, nasal high-flow ventilation, and neuromodulation therapeutics and telehealth solutions, which are described in more detail below. 
 
 The Masimo Hospital Automation Platform 
 Patient SafetyNet (1 , our patient surveillance, remote monitoring and clinician notification solution, works in concert with our bedside and ambulatory monitoring devices to facilitate the supplemental monitoring of the oxygen saturation, pulse rate, perfusion index, hemoglobin, methemoglobin and respiration rate of up to 200 patients simultaneously from a single server. Patient SafetyNet offers an intuitive and powerful user interface with trending, real-time waveform capability at a central station, as well as remote clinician notification via pager, voice-over-IP phone or smart-phones. Patient SafetyNet also features an Adaptive Connectivity Engine (ACE that enables two-way, HL-7 based connectivity to clinical/hospital information systems. The ACE significantly reduces the time and complexity to integrate and validate custom HL-7 implementations, and demonstrates our commitment to innovation that automates patient care with open, scalable and standards-based connectivity architecture. 
 Patient SafetyNet Series 5000 , along with Hospital Automation Connectivity, Iris Gateway , Kite , iSirona , UniView , UniView: 60 and MyView through the Root patient monitoring and connectivity platform, offers a new level of interoperability designed to enhance clinician workflows and reduce the cost of care in a variety of hospital settings, including operating rooms and the general care floors. Patient SafetyNet Series 5000 with Iris ports enables Root to assimilate data from all devices connected to the patient, thereby acting as a comprehensive in-room patient monitor and connectivity hub. Alarms and alerts for all devices are seamlessly forwarded to the patient s clinician and device data can be transferred to the patient s electronic medical record (EMR). In an operating room setting, the patient-centric user interface of the Patient SafetyNet Series 5000 displays near real-time data from all devices with Kite , providing a single unified dashboard of patient information. 
 
 Connectivity Platforms 
 Despite medical technology advances, the lack of device communication and integration creates risks to patient safety in hospitals around the world. Without device interoperability, critical patient information can go unnoticed, leaving clinicians unaware and patients at risk. Existing approaches for device interoperability require separate hardware, software and/or network infrastructure, which can clutter the patient room, increase complexity, burden IT management and increase costs. To address these challenges, we introduced Iris connectivity in our Root patient monitoring and connectivity platform. iSirona and Iris connectivity enables multiple standalone third-party devices such as intravenous pumps (IV), ventilators, hospital beds and other patient monitors to connect through Root , enabling display, notification and documentation to the EMR through Masimo Patient SafetyNet . 
 The addition of Iris connectivity to Root and Patient SafetyNet provides multiple advantages to hospitals, such as allowing standalone device information to be remotely viewed at a Patient SafetyNet view station, transmitted through notification systems to clinicians regardless of location or sent to electronic health record systems. This may enhance patient assessment, clinical workflows and decision support. In addition, bringing data from disparate devices together facilitates more integrated patient care and provides a flexible and cost-effective platform, while avoiding installation of separate costly systems and potentially reducing costs by leveraging existing network infrastructure. 
 
 (1) The use of the trademark Patient SafetyNet is under license from the University HealthSystem Consortium. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Nasal High-Flow Ventilation 
 The Masimo softFlow technology provides respiratory support by generating a precisely regulated, stable and high flow of room air or a mix of room air and oxygen through the nose of the patient by means of thin nasal prongs. Controlled oxygen supply ensures oxygenation while, at the same time, the respiratory airways are humidified. A stable air flow is essential for treating hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure. Together with the Masimo softflow nasal applicator, the Masimo softflow generator provides a constant air flow and in doing so, it is completely independent of external pneumatic systems. Due to this, the Masimo softFlow technology is able to treat respiratory insufficiency and allows therapy at home in a manner that is as reliable and efficient as in the hospital. 
 
 Neuromodulation Therapeutic 
 Bridge is the first FDA-cleared, drug-free, non-surgical device to use neuromodulation to aid in the reduction of symptoms associated with opioid withdrawal. Bridge can be used for patients experiencing opioid withdrawal symptoms, while undergoing treatment for opioid use disorder when initiating treatment, transitioning to naltrexone or tapering off medication-assisted treatment. In addition, we believe Bridge may reduce pain and addiction-related side-effects. Bridge is a small electrical nerve stimulator device that contains a battery-powered chip and wires that are applied percutaneously around a patient s ear. It requires a prescription and is offered to qualified healthcare professionals with training. Bridge has been granted a FDA 510(k) de novo classification. 
 
 Telehealth Solutions 
 In an effort to help clinicians and public health officials combat the COVID-19 pandemic, we developed the Masimo SafetyNet solution. The Masimo SafetyNet solution provides continuous tetherless pulse oximetry and respiration rate monitoring coupled with a patient surveillance platform. Masimo SafetyNet solution is available worldwide. In partnership with Samsung Electronics America, Inc., the Masimo SafetyNet Patient App is available on select Samsung smartphones, pre-installed and pre-configured. 
 
 Hearables and Wearables 
 Our hearable and wearable products are engineered for a wide range of consumers, including professional athletes, medical clinicians, active lifestyle practitioners, the health conscious, online gamers, and even the most demanding of sound enthusiasts; all with differentiated technologies that leverage our legacy of trusted brands. Our hearable and wearable products include best-in-class health sensors and high-fidelity wireless headphones and earbuds. 
 
 Premium and Luxury Home Audio 
 Our premium and luxury home audio product range includes wireless sound bars and speakers, home theater speakers and surround sound technology, high fidelity amplifiers and processors, audio visual receivers (AVR) and components, and other accessories to address our customers evolving audio needs and desires. In addition, we have partnered with certain organizations that allow us to provide the highest quality audio technologies into sound studios, home theaters, automotive and airline environments. 

6 

Table of Contents 

Our Products and Markets 
 
 Patient Monitoring Solutions: 
 Circuit Boards and Modules 
 (e.g., MX-7, MX-5, MSX (shown below) 
 Our Masimo circuit boards perform all signal processing and other pulse oximetry functions incorporating the Masimo SET , Masimo rainbow Pulse CO-Oximetry or rainbow Acoustic Monitoring technology with specific functionality or measurements. Our MX-7 OEM circuit board is our latest and most advanced rainbow SET board, offering more efficient power utilization, and designed for integration into the more than 200 multi-parameter monitors available from our more than 90 OEM partners. The MX-7 has the ability to support all 13 of Masimo s SET pulse oximetry and rainbow Pulse CO-Oximetry measurements. 
 Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 Signal processing apparatus for all Masimo technology platforms 
 
 Mainstream and sidestream capnography and gas monitoring 
 Incorporated and sold to OEM partners who incorporate our circuit boards into their patient monitoring systems 
 
 Signal processing apparatus for all Masimo technology platforms 
 
 Mainstream and sidestream capnography and gas monitoring 
 Incorporated and sold to OEM partners who incorporate our circuit boards into their patient monitoring systems 

7 

Table of Contents 

Monitors and Devices 
 (e.g., Radical-7 , Rad-97 with Nomoline Capnography (shown below) 
 We offers a variety of continuous bedside monitoring and transport devices suitable for all patient populations. Fueled by clinically proven Masimo SET pulse oximetry and advanced rainbow Pulse Co-Oximetry and additional noninvasive monitoring technologies, these highly versatile and configurable monitors are designed to accommodate patient scenarios across the continuum of care, from high-acuity ICUs and surgical suites, to low-acuity general floors and recovery units, to long-term care facilities and beyond. 
 Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 Bedside, handheld and wireless monitoring devices that incorporate Masimo SET with and without licensed Masimo rainbow SET technology, noninvasive blood pressure and capnography 
 Sold directly to end-users, through distributors and, in some cases, to our OEM partners who sell to end-users 

8 

Table of Contents 

Patient Monitoring and Connectivity Platform 
 (e.g., Root with Radius-7 , Root with NIBP and Root with Next Generation Sedline (shown below) 
 Our patient monitoring and connectivity platforms are expandable, customizable patient monitoring and connectivity hubs that integrate an array of technologies, devices and systems to provide multimodal monitoring and connectivity solutions in a single, clinician-centric platform. With plug-and-play expansion capabilities, clinicians can centralize patient monitoring by bringing together advanced rainbow SET Pulse CO-Oximetry, brain function monitoring, regional oximetry and capnography measurements on an easy-to-interpret, customizable display, empowering them with more information for making patient assessments. Further, acting as a central connectivity hub, with automated electronic charting of Masimo and third-party device data to patient data management systems (PDMS), the hub can help with manual data documentation. 
 Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 Displays measurements from Masimo s Radical-7 (connected or hand carried) or Radius-7 (patient-worn) 
 
 Provides additional specialty measurements from Masimo or third-party-developed applications through Masimo Open Connect (MOC-9 

Sold directly to end-users and through distributors 
 
 Integrates noninvasive blood pressure (NIBP) and temperature 
 
 Connects third-party devices such as IV pumps, ventilators, beds and other patient monitors to automate data transfer to the EMR 
 
 Sold directly to end-users and through distributors 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Patient Monitoring and Connectivity Platform - (Continued) 
 Sensors 
 (e.g. RD SedLine , TFA-1 , RD SET , RD rainbow SET , O3 Pediatric, RD rainbow Lite SET , rainbow DCI -Mini, Centroid and Radius PPG (shown below) 
 Our innovative noninvasive monitoring devices depend on reliable, high-quality sensors, cannulas, and accessories to capture the accurate, high-fidelity patient data trusted by clinicians all over the world. We offer a wide variety of these components, all manufactured to the highest standards, many in both single-patient-use and reusable configurations, to meet a broad spectrum of monitoring needs across all patient populations and care scenarios. Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 
 Extensive line of both single-patient, reusable and rainbow sensors 
 
 Patient cables, as well as adapter cables, that enable the use of our sensors on certain competitors monitors 
 Sold directly to end-users, through distributors and to OEM partners who sell to end-users 

10 

Table of Contents 

Sensors - (Continued) Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 
 Extensive line of both single-patient, reusable and rainbow sensors 
 
 Patient cables, as well as adapter cables, that enable the use of our sensors on certain competitors monitors 
 Sold directly to end-users, through distributors and to OEM partners who sell to end-users Capnography and Gas Monitoring 
 (e.g., NomoLine Cannula with Radius PCG C apnograph with disposable adapter, IRMA CO2, IRMA AX+ and EMMA shown below 
 We offer a complete portfolio of capnography and gas monitoring solutions, both sidestream and mainstream, to meet the challenges of ventilation and gas monitoring across care areas, from pre-hospital and in-hospital to transport, long-term care, home care and more. Solutions range from external plug in and measure gas analyzers, to bedside and handheld devices, to flexible, integrated OEM offerings. Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 Line of disposables to measure gas parameters using mainstream and sidestream capnography 
 
 Sold directly to end-users, through distributors and to OEM partners who sell to end-users 

11 

Table of Contents 

Proprietary Measurements (e.g., SpHb , SpCO , SpMet , PVi , RRa , RRp , ORi , 3D Alarms and Adaptive Threshold Alarm) 
 Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 rainbow measurements and other proprietary features 
 Licensed directly to end-users and through OEM partners who sell to new and existing end-users 
 Hospital Automation and Connectivity Suite (e.g., Iris Connectivity, Iris Gateway , iSirona , Patient SafetyNet , UniView , UniView: 60 , Replica , Iris Analytics, and Halo ION (shown below) 
 As increasing amounts of patient information become available to clinicians, new opportunities to enhance the care experience for both the clinician and the patient abound. Our automation solutions are revolutionizing not only the kind of patient data that can be collected and moved through the continuum of care, but also how that information can empower clinicians to deliver superior, evidence-based care. 
 
 Our hospital automation integrates patient monitoring, driven by clinically proven SET pulse oximetry and rainbow Pulse CO-Oximetry, with sophisticated connectivity and interoperability solutions to seamlessly provide access to the most accurate, relevant patient data in the most helpful ways at the most important moments, improving workflow efficiencies and helping clinicians deliver the best care possible. 
 Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 Software and hardware enables third-party devices to connect through Patient SafetyNet and to document data in the EMR 
 Sold directly to end-users 

12 

Table of Contents 

Hospital Automation and Connectivity Suite - (Continued) 

13 

Table of Contents 

Hospital Automation and Connectivity Suite - (Continued) Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 Network-linked, wired or wireless, multiple patient floor monitoring solutions 
 
 Standalone wireless alarm notification solutions 
 Sold directly to end-users 
 
 Connectivity hub for the aggregation and transmission of patient data to the EMR Sold directly to end-users 
 Early warning indicator designed to identify possible sepsis in patients monitored remotely with Patient SafetyNet TM 
 Sold directly to end-users 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Nasal High Flow Ventilation 
 (e.g., Masimo softFlow 50 and Masimo softFlow junior (shown below) 
 Therapy with Nasal Insufflation (TNI) generates a precisely regulated, stable high flow from room air or a mix of room air and oxygen. A stable air flow is essential for treating hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure. Together with the TNI applicator (comprising respiratory circuit and patient interface), the TNI flow generator guarantees a constant TNI flow and in doing so, it is completely independent of external pneumatic systems. Due to this, the Masimo softFlow is able to treat respiratory insufficiency and allows therapy at home as reliable and efficient as in the hospital. 
 Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 Intensive care, inpatient care in clinics and home care Sold directly to end-users and through distributors 

Advanced Hemodynamic Monitoring Solutions 
 (e.g., Masimo LiDCO Hemodynamic Monitoring system, Double Channel Pressure Transducer and Stimpod NMS450X Peripheral Nerve Stimulator (shown below) 
 The Masimo LidCO Hemodynamic monitoring system provides beat-to-beat advanced monitoring to support informed decision-making in high-acuity care areas like an operating room. This platform uses an already existing arterial line and blood pressure transducer to monitor hemodynamic parameters through the use of the PulseCO algorithm, which converts beat-to-beat blood pressure into its constituent parts, flow and resistance, which is scaleable to each patient s age, height, and weight. 
 Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 High-acuity care areas like an operating room Sold directly to end-users and through distributors 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Advanced Hemodynamic Monitoring Solutions - (Continued) Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 
 High-acuity care areas like an operating room Sold directly to end-users and through distributors Home Wellness and Remote Patent Monitoring Solutions to Extend Care from the Hospital to the Home 
 (e.g., Masimo SafetyNet , Radius T , Masimo Sleep , MightySat with PVi and RRp , iSpO 2 , Bridge , and Masimo W1 
 Designed to help providers remotely manage patient care, Masimo SafetyNet is a secure, scalable, cloud-based patient management platform featuring clinical-grade spot-checking and continuous measurements, digital care pathways and remote patient surveillance. Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 Patients receive a multi-day supply of disposable sensors or reusable devices, along with access to the Masimo SafetyNet mobile application Sold directly to end-users and through distributors 
 Robust secure video conferencing to the remote patient management and connectivity platform to offer a comprehensive telehealth and telemonitoring solution. Sold directly to end-users and through distributors 
 
 Disposable thermometers, disposable fingertip sensors for sleep monitoring, fingertip pulse oximeter Sold directly to consumers through the Masimo Personal Health website and through consumer retailers 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Home Wellness and Remote Patent Monitoring Solutions to Extend Care from the Hospital to the Home - (Continued) Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 
 Pulse oximeter cable and sensor for use with an iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and select Android smart phones 
 Sold directly to consumers through the Masimo Personal Health website and through consumer retailers 
 For anyone wanting to know what s happening while they sleep so they can take steps toward meaningful sleep improvement Sold directly to consumers through the Masimo Personal Health website and through consumer retailers 
 For patients experiencing opioid withdrawal symptoms. while undergoing treatment for opioid use disorder when initiating treatment, transitioning treatment or tapering off medication-assisted treatment Sold directly to end-users and through distributors, and provided to end users through healthcare providers 
 For consumers wanting to make better informed health and lifestyle decisions, improve their fitness or track their health data on their own or with friends and family 
 Sold directly to consumers through the Masimo Personal Health website and consumer retailers 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Hearables and wearables- 
 (e.g. Masimo W1 TM , Bowers Wilkins Px8 007 Edition and Bowers Wilkins Pi5 earbuds, (shown below) 
 Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 To provide accurate and continuous health monitoring with legendary sound quality in private or in transit with over ear wireless headphones or wireless earbuds Sold directly to consumers through the Masimo Consumer and individual brand websites and consumer retailers 
 
 For those looking for unrivaled health technology for active lifestyles, health monitoring or sleep monitoring Sold directly to consumers through the Masimo Consumer and individual brand websites and consumer retailers Premium and luxury home audio - 
 (e.g. Bowers Wilkins 600 series anniversary series loudspeakers, Bowers Wilkins home theater collection, Denon soundbar and speaker set (shown below) 
 Description: Use: Distribution Channel: 
 Premium, power-performing amplification for home cinema sound; exquisite, perfectly pure power for connecting sources and driving loudspeakers Sold directly to consumers through the Masimo Consumer and individual brand websites and through consumer retailers 
 For the everyday audiophile seeking outstanding sound quality 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. 
 Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. (Cercacor) is an independent entity spun-off from us to our stockholders in 1998. Joe Kiani, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is also the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Cercacor. We are a party to a cross-licensing agreement with Cercacor, which was amended and restated effective January 1, 2007 (the Cross-Licensing Agreement), which governs each party s rights to certain intellectual property held by the two companies. 
 The following table outlines our rights under the Cross-Licensing Agreement relating to specific end-user markets and the related technology applications of specific measurements. 
 End-User Markets Measurements Professional Caregiver and Alternate Care Market Patient and Pharmacist Vital Signs (1) 
 Masimo (owns) Cercacor (non-exclusive license) Non-Vital Signs (2) 
 Masimo (exclusive license) Cercacor (owns or exclusive license) 
 ______________ 
 (1) Vital signs measurements include, but are not limited to, SpO 2 , peripheral venous oxygen saturation, mixed venous oxygen saturation, fetal oximetry, sudden infant death syndrome, ECG, blood pressure (noninvasive blood pressure, invasive blood pressure and continuous noninvasive blood pressure), temperature, respiration rate, CO 2 , pulse rate, cardiac output, EEG, perfusion index, depth of anesthesia, cerebral oximetry, tissue oximetry and/or EMG, and associated features derived from these measurements, such as 3D alarm , PVi and other features. 
 (2) Non-vital signs measurements include the body fluid constituents other than vital signs measurements and include, but are not limited to, carbon monoxide, methemoglobin, blood glucose, hemoglobin and bilirubin. 
 See Note 3 , Related Parties Transactions , to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our related party transactions with Cercacor. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 As a global technology company, we are subject to significant government regulation, compliance requirements, fees and costs, both in the U.S. and abroad. These regulatory requirements subject our products and our business to numerous risks that are specifically discussed within Risks Related to Our Regulatory Environment under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Due to the breadth of some of these laws, it is possible that some of our current or future practices might be challenged under one or more of these laws. In addition, there can be no assurance that we would not be required to alter one or more of our practices to be in compliance with these laws. Evolving interpretations of current laws or the adoption of new federal or state laws or regulations could adversely affect many of the arrangements we have with customers and physicians. Therefore, our risk of being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that some of these laws are broad and open to interpretation. A summary of certain critical aspects of our regulatory environment is included below. 
 
 Product Clearance and Approval Requirements for Medical Devices 
 Many of our healthcare products are regulated by numerous government agencies, the most significant of which are the FDA, the national authorities in the European Union (EU) and the United Kingdom (UK), and the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) of Japan. In addition, there are government agencies that regulate our healthcare products in other countries, whose requirements vary substantially from country to country. These agencies require us to comply with laws that regulate the design, development, clinical trials, testing, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, distribution, import, export and promotion of many of our products. 
 In the U.S., unless an exemption applies, each medical device that we wish to market in the U.S. must, generally, first receive from the FDA either clearance of a 510(k) premarket notification or approval of a premarket application (PMA). In some cases, the device may be authorized by the FDA through the de novo classification process. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process requires us to show that our new medical device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed predicate medical device and usually takes from four to nine months, but it may take longer. The PMA process requires us to demonstrate through valid scientific evidence that there is reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended use. The PMA process is much more costly, lengthy and uncertain than the process of obtaining 510(k) clearance. Both 510(k) and PMA submissions are subject to user fees. The FDA determines the appropriate process based on the risk classification of the medical device. There are three classifications, from Class I to Class III. The majority of our current regulated products have been deemed Class II devices, requiring 510(k) clearance, while some have been deemed Class I devices. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Most of our OEM partners are required to obtain clearance or approval of their devices that incorporate Masimo s healthcare technologies, like Masimo SET technology, Masimo rainbow SET technology, Masimo Board-in-Cable technology, or are used with Masimo s sensors. We generally grant our OEM partners a right to cross-reference the 510(k) submission files from our cleared Masimo SET circuit boards, sensors, cables and notification systems. 
 In the EU, medical devices are currently subject to Regulation (EU) No 2017/745 (EU MDR). Under the EU MDR, a medical device may only be placed on the market within the EU if it conforms to certain General Safety and Performance Requirements . Key requirements include that a medical device achieves its intended performance and does not compromise the clinical condition or safety of patients or the safety and health of users and others and bears the CE Mark. A medical device that conforms to such essential requirements can bear a CE Mark, which allows the device to be placed on the market throughout the EU. Each medical device that we wish to market in the EU must conform to these requirements. 
 The UK exited the EU on December 31, 2020 (Brexit). The UK does not intend to implement the EU MDR into the laws of Great Britain (England, Scotland and Wales). Northern Ireland is an exception where the EU MDR will continue to apply. Great Britain instead introduced a new, standalone medical devices framework. Currently, this aligns closely to the EU MDD. Instead of a CE Mark, medical devices marketed in Great Britain must bear a UKCA Mark. However, EU CE Marks will continue to be recognized in Great Britain until June 30, 2023, as will certificates issued by EU-recognized notified bodies. This arrangement is not reciprocated in the EU. Each medical device that we wish to market in the UK must comply with the national laws in the UK, which going forward may differ from the laws in the EU. 
 
 Continuing FDA Regulation for Medical Devices 
 Clinical trials involving medical devices are subject to FDA regulation. Among other requirements, clinical trial sponsors must comply with requirements related to informed consent, Institutional Review Board (IRB) approval, monitoring, reporting, record-keeping, labeling and promotion. If the study involves a significant risk device, the sponsor must obtain FDA approval of an investigational device exemption in addition to IRB approval prior to beginning the study. Information regarding certain device clinical trials must also be submitted to a public database maintained by the National Institutes of Health. 
 After a device is approved and placed on the market, numerous regulatory requirements continue to apply. These regulatory requirements include, but are not limited to, the following: product listing and establishment registration; adherence to the Quality System Regulation (QSR) which requires stringent testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures for the design, manufacture, storage and handling of devices; labeling requirements and FDA prohibitions against the promotion of off-label uses or indications; adverse event and device malfunction reporting; post-approval restrictions or conditions, including post-approval clinical trials or other required testing; post-market surveillance requirements; the FDA s recall authority, whereby it can ask for, or require, the recall of products from the market; and requirements relating to voluntary corrections or removals. Device manufacturers are subject to announced and unannounced inspections by the FDA to evaluate compliance with these requirements. 
 Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, which are subject to new legislation and change, can result in enforcement action by the FDA, or other federal and state government agencies, which may include, but may not be limited to, any of the following sanctions or consequences: warning letters or untitled letters; fines, injunctions and civil penalties; recall, seizure or import holds of our products; operating restrictions, suspension or shutdown of production; refusing to issue certificates to foreign governments needed to export products for sale in other countries; refusing our request for 510(k) clearance or premarket approval of new or modified products; withdrawing 510(k) clearance or premarket approvals that are already granted; and criminal prosecution. 
 
 Advertising and Promotion of Medical Devices 
 Advertising and promotion of medical devices, in addition to being regulated by the FDA, are also regulated by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and by federal and state regulatory and enforcement authorities, including the Department of Justice, the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, and various state attorneys general. Although physicians are permitted to use their medical judgment to use medical devices for indications other than those cleared or approved by the FDA, we may not promote our products for such off-label uses and can only market our products for cleared or approved uses. Other companies promotional activities for their FDA-regulated products have been the subject of FTC enforcement actions brought under healthcare reimbursement laws and consumer protection statutes. FTC enforcement actions often result in consent decrees that constrain future actions. In addition, under the federal Lanham Act and similar state laws, competitors and others can initiate litigation relating to advertising claims. Government agencies in the EU, UK, Japan and other countries and jurisdictions have similar regulations on the advertising and promotion of medical devices. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Import and Export Requirements Applicable to Medical Devices 
 To import a device, the importer must file an entry notice and bond with the United States Bureau of Customs and Border Protection (CBP). All devices are subject to FDA examination before release from CBP. Any article that appears to be in violation of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act (FDCA) may be refused admission and a notice of detention and hearing may be issued. If the FDA ultimately refuses admission, the CBP may issue a notice for redelivery and, if a company fails to redeliver the goods or otherwise satisfy CBP and the FDA with respect to their disposition, may assess liquidated damages for up to three times the value of the lot. The CBP also imposes its own regulatory requirements on the import of our products, including inspection and possible sanctions for noncompliance. 
 Medical device products exported from the United States are subject to forei gn countries import requirements and the exporting requirements of the FDA or European regulating bodies, as applicable. In particular, international sales of medical devices manufactured in the United States that are not approved or cleared by the FDA for use in the United States, or are banned or deviate from lawful performance standards, are subject to FDA export requirements. 
 Foreign countries often require, among other things, a Certificate of Foreign Government (CFG) for export. To obtain a CFG, the device manufacturer must apply to the FDA. The FDA certifies that the product has been granted clearance or approval in the United States and that the manufacturing facilities were in compliance with the FDA s QSR regulations at the time of the last FDA inspecti on. Government agencies in the EU, UK, Japan and other countries and jurisdictions have similar regulations on the advertising and promotion of medical devices. 
 
 Anti-Kickback Regulations 
 In the U.S., there are federal and state anti-kickback laws that generally prohibit the payment or receipt of kickbacks, bribes or other remuneration in exchange for the referral of patients or other health-related business. The Federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits anyone from, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any bribe, kickback or other remuneration intended to induce the referral of patients for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, health care products and services reimbursed by a federal health care program, including Medicare and Medicaid. Recognizing that the federal anti-kickback law is broad and potentially applicable to many commonplace arrangements, Congress and the Office of Inspector General (OIG) within the Department of Health and Human Services have created statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors . Exceptions and safe harbors exist for a number of arrangements relevant to our healthcare business, including, among other things, payments to bona fide employees, certain discount and rebate arrangements, and certain payment arrangements involving Group Purchasing Organizations (GPOs). 
 Although an arrangement that fits into one or more of these exceptions or safe harbors is immune from prosecution, arrangements that do not fit squarely within an exception or safe harbor do not necessarily violate the law, but the OIG or other government enforcement authorities may examine the practice to determine whether it involves the sorts of abuses that the statute was designed to combat. Violations of this federal law can result in significant penalties, including imprisonment, monetary fines and assessments, and exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid and other federal health care programs. Exclusion of a manufacturer, like us, would preclude any federal health care program from paying for its products. 
 In addition to the federal anti-kickback law, many states have their own laws that are analogous to the federal anti-kickback law, but may apply regardless of whether any federal or state health care program business is involved. Federal and state anti-kickback laws may affect our sales, marketing and promotional activities, educational programs, pricing and discount practices and policies, and relationships with health care providers by limiting the kinds of arrangements we may have with hospitals, alternate care market providers, GPOs, physicians, payers and others in a position to purchase or recommend our healthcare products. 
 
 False Claims Laws and Fraud Statutes 
 Federal and state false claims laws prohibit anyone from presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment to third-party payers that are false or fraudulent. The Federal Civil False Claims Act imposes liability on any person or entity who, among other things, knowingly and willfully presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment by a federal health care program, including Medicaid and Medicare. Some suits filed under the False Claims Act, known as qui tam actions, can be brought by a whistleblower or relator on behalf of the government and such individuals may share in any amounts paid by the entity to the government in fines or settlement. Manufacturers, like us, can be held liable under false claims laws, even if they do not submit claims to the government, where they are found to have caused submission of false claims by, among other things, providing incorrect coding or billing advice about their products to customers that file claims, or by engaging in kickback arrangements or off-label promotion with customers that file claims. A number of states also have false claims laws, and some of these laws may apply to claims for items or services reimbursed under Medicaid and/or commercial insurance. Sanctions under these federal and state fraud and abuse laws may include civil monetary penalties and criminal fines, exclusion from government health care programs and imprisonment. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) created new federal crimes, including health care fraud and false statements related to health care matters. The health care fraud statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program, including those offered by private payers. The false statements statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services. A violation of either statute is a felony and may result in fines, imprisonment and other significant penalties. 
 
 Transparency Regulations 
 The Physician Payment Sunshine Act (Sunshine Act), which was enacted by Congress as part of the ACA, requires medical device companies to track and publicly report, with limited exceptions, all payments and transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals in the U.S. Companies are required to track payments made and to report such payments to the government by March 31 of each year. Several states have similar requirements. Beginning in 2022, the reporting requirement also applies to advance practice nurses and physician assistants. In addition to the burden of establishing processes for compliance, if we fail to provide these reports, or if the reports we provide are not accurate, we could be subject to significant penalties. 
 
 Anti-Corruption Statutes 
 Our international operations are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (FCPA), the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 and other foreign anti-corruption laws. The FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. As part of our compliance program, we train our U.S. and international employees, and we also train and monitor foreign third parties with whom we contract (e.g., distributors), to comply with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws. Failing to comply with the FCPA or any other anti-corruption law could result in fines, penalties or other adverse consequences. 
 
 Third-Party Reimbursement for Medical Devices 
 Health care providers, including hospitals, that purchase our healthcare products generally rely on third-party payers, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs and private payers, including indemnity insurers and managed care plans, to cover and reimburse all or part of the cost of the products and the procedures in which they are used. As a result, demand for our healthcare products is dependent in part on the coverage and reimbursement policies of these payers. No uniform coverage or reimbursement policy for medical technology exists among all third-party payers, and coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payer to payer. 
 Because a large percentage of our healthcare products are used by Medicare beneficiaries, Medicare s coverage and reimbursement policies are particularly significant to our healthcare business. Generally, Medicare will cover a medical product or procedure when the product or procedure is included within a statutory benefit category and is reasonable and necessary for the diagnosis or treatment of an illness or injury, or to improve the functioning of a malformed body part. Even if the medical product or procedure is considered medically necessary and coverage is available, Medicare may place restrictions on the circumstances where it provides coverage. Because payments through the prospective payment system in both the hospital inpatient and outpatient settings are based on predetermined rates and may be less than a hospital s actual costs in furnishing care, hospitals have incentives to lower their operating costs by utilizing products that will reduce the length of inpatient stays, decrease labor costs or otherwise lower their costs. If hospitals cannot obtain adequate coverage and reimbursement for our products, or the procedures in which they are used, we cannot be certain that they will purchase our products, despite the clinical benefits and opportunity for cost savings that we believe can be derived from their use. 
 Our success with rainbow SET technologies in the U.S. market in settings of care with reimbursable monitoring procedures, such as hospital emergency departments, hospital procedure labs and physician offices, may largely depend on the ability of providers to receive reimbursement for such procedures. While private insurance payers often follow Medicare coverage and payment, we cannot be certain of this and, in many cases, cannot control the coverage or payment rates that private insurance payers put in place. 
 Our success in non-U.S. markets depends largely upon the availability of coverage and reimbursement from the third-party payers through which health care providers are paid in those markets. Health care payment systems in non-U.S. markets vary significantly by country, and include single-payer government managed systems, as well as systems in which private payers and government managed systems exist side-by-side. Our ability to achieve market acceptance or significant sales volume in international markets we enter will be dependent in large part on the availability of reimbursement for procedures performed using our products under health care payment systems in such markets. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Other U.S. and Foreign Regulation 
 We must comply with numerous federal, state and local laws, as well as laws in other jurisdictions, relating to matters such as safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection, fire hazard control and hazardous substance disposal. We cannot be sure that we will not be required to incur significant costs to comply with these laws and regulations in the future or that these laws or regulations will not hurt our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unanticipated changes in existing regulatory requirements or adoption of new requirements could hurt our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Data Privacy and Protection of Health and Other Personal Information 
 Both at the federal and state levels, the United States has increased legislative activity in connection with data privacy and data security. In addition to the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) which went into effect on January 1, 2023, a number of other states have passed comprehensive consumer privacy laws or have introduced related bills. On the federal level, an omnibus privacy bill (the American Data Privacy and Protection Act) was proposed and is currently under congressional review. If enacted, the law will dramatically increase oversight of how companies collect, use, and store the personal data. Federal agencies such as the FTC and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) have increased their scrutiny and enforcement of how companies disclose their use of personal data to consumers, secure personal data, and report unauthorized disclosures of personal data. In particular, the FTC has issued statements that indicate increase in enforcement action against deceptive marketing practices that use cookies, pixels and other tracking tags to monitor consumer behavior. Moreover, there has been a similar increase in privacy-related class action litigation in connection with the use of consumers personal data. 
 Internationally, in addition to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in Europe, other jurisdictions have adopted their own data privacy and protection laws. China, Canada, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the UAE have passed new privacy and data protection laws. Australia, Argentina and India are expected to introduce new privacy laws in 2023. We have implemented, and continue to implement, procedures and processes to comply with these various laws and regulations. As international data privacy and protection laws continue to evolve, and as new regulations, interpretive guidance and enforcement information become available, we may incur incremental costs to modify our business practices to comply with these requirements. In addition, our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by third-parties, nation states, our employees or agents. 
 Recently, we have seen a global rise in scrutiny and legislative activity in connection with data breaches of health information in medical devices. Data security related to medical devices has been a priority for us and will continue to be so as we strive to safeguard the health information of our device users and of our customers patients. We may be required to make costly system and device modifications to comply with privacy and security requirements. Our failure to comply may result in liability and adversely affect our business. 
 Additionally, in the U.S,. the Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) applies to covered entities and extends to their business associates. Covered entities include many healthcare facilities that purchase and use our products. The HIPAA Privacy Rule restricts the use and disclosure of protected health information (PHI) and requires covered entities and their business associates to safeguard that information. The HIPAA Security Rule establishes detailed technical, administrative and physical requirements for safeguarding PHI transmitted or stored electronically. Although we are not a covered entity, we are sometimes deemed by our U.S. customers to be a business associate due to activities that we perform for or on behalf of covered entity customers. As business associates, we may be subject to many of the requirements of HIPAA and could be directly subject to HIPAA civil and criminal enforcement and the associated penalties for violation of the Privacy, Security and Breach Notification Rules. Moreover, even when we are not a business associate, healthcare facilities impose contractual limitations on the use and disclosure of their patients health information, and otherwise require additional safeguards to protect that information. These laws, as well as any new developing laws around health data, could create liability for us and increase our cost of doing business as well as increase costs associated with complying with these various laws both in the U.S. and globally. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Environmental Regulations 
 We are subject to stringent international, federal, state and local laws relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the use, handling and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Products that we sell in Europe are subject to regulation in EU markets under the Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive (RoHS). RoHS prohibits companies from selling products that contain certain hazardous materials in EU member states. Other regulations which affect the product content, manufacturing, and packaging of our products include, for example, the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemical substances, the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive, and the Directive on Packaging and Packaging Waste enacted in the EU which require the registration of and regulate the use of certain hazardous substances and chemicals in certain products we manufacture, and require the collection, reuse and recycling of waste product and packaging from, certain products we manufacture. Similar legislation that has been or is in the process of being enacted in Japan, China, other foreign countries and various states of the U.S. may require us to re-design our products to ensure compliance with the applicable standards, for example by requiring the use of different types of materials or adding country specific product and/or packaging labeling. Any redesigns or alternative materials may detrimentally impact the performance of our products, add greater testing lead-times for product introductions, result in additional costs or have other similar negative effects. 
 Future environmental laws may require us to alter our manufacturing processes, thereby increasing our manufacturing costs. We believe that our products and manufacturing processes at our facilities comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and worker health and safety laws; however, the risk of environmental liabilities cannot be completely eliminated. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Markets 
 
 Competitive Conditions 
 We compete in both healthcare and consumer electronic markets throughout the globe. These markets are highly competitive and are characterized by continual change and improvements in technology. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial resources, broader product portfolios and more aggressive advertising and marketing strategies and may be able to adapt to market preferences or consumer demands more rapidly than us. Competitors may develop superior products or products of similar quality for sale at the same or lower prices. Moreover, our products could be rendered obsolete by changes to industry standards or guidelines or advances in technology. 
 Our primary competitor in the healthcare market is Medtronic plc, who currently holds a substantial share of the pulse oximetry market. In addition, large technology companies that have not historically operated in the healthcare or medical device space, such as Alphabet Inc. (Alphabet), Amazon, Apple Inc. (Apple), Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (Samsung) and others, have developed or may develop products and technologies that may compete with our current or future products and technologies in the consumer health and professional healthcare marketplaces. 
 In the non-healthcare market, we compete with Sonos, Bang Olufsen, Sony, Samsung (and its subsidiaries), Apple, Alphabet, Amazon and others. Many of our competitors in the non-healthcare market have more broadly diversified product lines, well established supply and distribution systems, loyal customer bases and significant financial, marketing, research, development and other resources. 
 We believe that the principal competitive factors in the markets in which we operate include: 
 brand recognition, perception of innovation abilities, and reputation; 
 product technology and innovation; 
 product quality and safety; 
 quality, cost-effectiveness and price; 
 breadth of product lines, network of technology and content partners; 
 access to hospitals which are members of GPO and OEM partners; 
 access to integrated delivery networks, third party retailers, sales channels, e-commerce, distributors, retailers and omni-channel retailers; and 
 patent protection. 
 
 Market Demand 
 We currently sell our healthcare products directly to hospitals and various distributors in the U.S. and around the world, including Europe, the Middle East and Asia Pacific, through our direct sales force. We sell our home wellness products through e-commerce internet sites such as www.masimopersonalhealth.com , www.amazon.com and www.shopify.com . 
 Our sales and marketing strategy for pulse oximetry has been, and will continue to be, focused on building end-user awareness of the clinical and cost-saving benefits of our technologies. Our healthcare sales representatives primary focus is to facilitate the conversion of competitor accounts to our Masimo SET pulse oximetry and rainbow SET Pulse CO-Oximetry products, to expand the use of Masimo SET and Patient SafetyNet on the general hospital floor and to create and expand the use of rainbow measurements in both critical care and non-critical care areas. In addition to sales representatives, we employ clinical specialists to work with our sales representatives to educate end-users on the benefits of Masimo SET and assist with the introduction and implementation of our technology and products to their sites. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, one just-in-time healthcare distributor represented approximately 10.1 of our total healthcare revenue. This was the only customer that represented 10 or more of our healthcare revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Importantly, this distributor takes and fulfills orders from our direct healthcare customers, many of which have signed long-term sensor purchase agreements with us. If a specific just-in-time healthcare distributor is unable to fulfill these orders, the orders would be redirected to other healthcare distributors or fulfilled directly by us. 
 Additionally, we sell certain of our healthcare products through our OEM partners who incorporate our technologies into their monitors and sometimes resell our sensors to their installed base. Our OEM agreements allow us to expand the availability of our technologies through the sales and distribution channels of each OEM partner. To facilitate clinician awareness of Masimo technologies, our OEM partners have generally agreed to place the applicable Masimo trademark prominently on their instruments. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

In order to facilitate our U.S. direct sales to hospitals, we have signed contracts with what we believe to be the five largest national GPOs in the U.S., based on the total volume of negotiated purchases. In return for the GPOs putting our healthcare products on contract, we have agreed to pay the GPOs a percentage of our healthcare revenue from their member hospitals. In 2022 and 2021, healthcare revenues from the sale of our pulse oximetry products to hospitals that are associated with GPOs amounted to 721.3 million and 643.1 million, respectively. 
 We sell our non-healthcare products primarily through over 20,000 points of global retail distribution and our products are distributed in more than 130 countries. The majority of our non-healthcare sales are transacted through traditional physical retailers, third party distributors and big box resellers, including on their websites. We also sell through online retailers and custom installers and directly through our individual brand websites. 
 
 Our non-healthcare marketing strategy is designed to build brand awareness, acquire new customers, enhance customer loyalty and drive in-store and online transactions with sustainable, profitable growth. Our non-healthcare marketing investments are focused on driving profitability growth through targeted advertising, public relations and brand promotion activities, including digital platforms, sponsorships, collaborations, brand activations, channel marketing and strategic partnerships. We continue to invest significant resources in our marketing and brand development efforts, including investing in capital expenditures on product displays to support our channel marketing through our retail partners. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Our quarterly revenues are influenced by many factors, including new product releases, acquisitions, regulatory approvals, patient holiday schedules, hospital census, the timing of influenza season, and other factors. Our healthcare revenues in the third quarter of our fiscal years have generally historically represented a lower percentage of segment revenues due to the seasonality of the U.S., European and Japanese markets, where summer vacation schedules normally result in fewer medical procedures utilizing our healthcare products. Our non-healthcare revenues in the fourth quarter of a fiscal year generally produce a higher percentage of our segment revenues than the other quarters of our fiscal year due to the holiday shopping season and our corresponding promotional activities. 
 
 Resources 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 We believe that in order to maintain a competitive advantage in the marketplace, we must develop and maintain protection of the proprietary aspects of our technology. The ownership of intellectual property rights is an important factor in our business. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, know-how, continuing technological innovations, licensing opportunities, internet domain names and other intellectual property rights and measures to protect our intellectual property in the U.S. and a number of foreign countries. 
 We have developed a diverse intellectual property portfolio internally, and through acquisitions and licensing, that covers many aspects of our product offerings. In aggregate, our intellectual property is of material importance to our business; however, we believe that no single intellectual property asset or license is material on its own to either segment of our business or to our business as a whole. 
 Under the Cross-Licensing Agreement, we and Cercacor have agreed to allocate proprietary ownership of technology developed based on the functionality of the technology. We will have proprietary ownership, including ownership of all patents, copyrights and trade secrets, of all technology related to the noninvasive monitoring of vital signs measurements, and Cercacor will have proprietary ownership of all technology related to the noninvasive monitoring of non-vital signs measurements. 
 We have been issued hundreds of patents and trademarks and currently have hundreds of pending patent and trademark applications in the U.S. and abroad and continue to file for additional patent and trademark protection where appropriate and cost effective. We intend to hold these patents and trademarks as part of our strategy to protect and defend our technology and branding, including to protect and defend our company in patent related and trademark-related litigation. We believe that our intellectual property has significant value and is important to our brand building efforts and the marketing of our products and services. We cannot predict, however, whether steps taken by us to protect our proprietary rights will be adequate to prevent misappropriation of any of these rights. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Some of our competitors may seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and low-cost structures while infringing on our intellectual property. Third parties may also design around our proprietary rights, which may render our protected products less valuable if the design around is favorably received in the marketplace. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity, misappropriation, or other claims. There is no guarantee that we will prevail on our litigation claims against third parties and any such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. Moreover, any settlement of or adverse judgment resulting from such litigation could require us to obtain a license to continue to use the technology that is the subject of the claim, or otherwise restrict or prohibit our use of the technology. Any required licenses may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. If we attempt to design around the technology at issue or to find another provider of suitable alternative technology to permit us to continue offering applicable software or product solutions, our continued supply of software or product solutions could be disrupted or our introduction of new or enhanced software or products could be significantly delayed. 
 We seek to protect our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, in part, with confidentiality agreements with consultants, vendors and employees, although we cannot be certain that the agreements will not be breached or that we will have adequate remedies for any breach. 
 There are risks related to our intellectual property rights. For further detail on these risks, see Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property under Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Research and Product Development 
 We believe that ongoing research and development (R D) efforts are essential to our success. Our R D efforts focus on continuing to enhance our technical expertise toward our existing product portfolios, expanding our technological leadership in each of the markets we serve with new innovations, entering into strategic partnerships with third parties to fund the development of certain new technologies, driving growth in emerging markets and introducing new products necessary to maintain market superiority, while reducing the cost of care. In addition, we continue to collaborate with Cercacor on R D activities related to advancing rainbow technology and other technologies. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 Our strategy is to manufacture products in-house when it is efficient and cost-effective for us to do so. We manufacture products at facilities located in various countries throughout the world and maintain captive contract maquiladora operations for key healthcare components. We will continue to utilize third-party contract manufacturers for products and subassemblies that can be more efficiently manufactured by these parties, such as our circuit boards, speakers and certain audio components. We monitor our third-party manufacturers and perform inspections and product tests at various steps in the manufacturing cycle to ensure compliance with our specifications. We also do full functional testing of our circuit boards. 
 For raw materials, we and our contract manufacturers may rely on sole source suppliers for some components, including digital signal processor chips and analog-to-digital converter chips. We and our contract manufacturers have taken steps to minimize the impact of a shortage or stoppage of shipments of digital signal processor chips or analog to digital converter chips, including maintaining a safety stock of inventory and designing software that may be easily ported to another digital signal processor chip. Generally, we have been able to obtain adequate supplies of such raw materials and components. However, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for certain components or materials if we experience a sudden or unexpected reduction or interruption in supply and are unable to develop alternative sources. 
 We have agreements with certain major suppliers and each agreement provides for varying terms with respect to contract expiration, termination and pricing. Most of these agreements allow for termination upon specified advance notice of various periods to the non-terminating party. Certain of these agreements with our major suppliers allow for pricing adjustments and each agreement provides for annual pricing negotiation. 
 For additional information related to our manufacturing facilities, refer to Item 2. Properties in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 S ustainability 
 As a global manufacturer of technology products, we understand the materials we use and the products we manufacture can have an impact on the environment. We are continuously evaluating ways to reduce our overall environmental footprint. We have implemented measures to promote greater environmental responsibility, conserve resources and reduce waste in an effort to help combat climate change. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

We are committed to operating in an environmentally responsible manner and support the internationally recognized environmental principles set forth in the United Nations Global Compact. We strive to identify new opportunities to improve the sustainability of our business and encourage our employees to join in our efforts. In furtherance of these commitments, we reinforce the following sustainability principles: 
 Environmental. We undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility and incorporate energy efficiency measures in all areas of our business. We comply with applicable environmental protection laws in all areas of our business. 
 Social. We train and encourage our employees to conduct their activities in an environmentally responsible and sustainable manner. 
 Economic. We continuously take steps to minimize material waste and energy inefficiencies in our products and manufacturing processes. 
 Communities . We have a long and proud history of investing in and giving back to the communities in which we live and work, as well as providing aid around the globe. Through the partnerships with organizations like the World Health Organization and the Masimo Foundation, we give back by providing grants to humanitarian aid organizations and offering in-kind donations of medical equipment. In addition, our employees also actively support causes by raising awareness and funds for non-profit organizations. Organizations that our employees have supported in recent years include Syrian American Medical Society, Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, Feeding America, Patient Safety Movement Foundation and the Sound Start Foundation. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Core to our long-term strategy for human capital is attracting, developing and retaining the best talent globally with the right skills to drive our future success. We consider our employees to be our greatest assets and the greatest strength behind our innovation and success. We seek to attract and retain highly talented, experienced and well-educated individuals to support our long-term growth and profitability goals. 
 Our success and future growth is largely dependent on our ability to attract, retain and develop a diverse workforce at all levels of the organization. To succeed, we have developed key recruitment and retention strategies that we focus on as part of our overall management of our business. These include: 
 Compensation. Our compensation programs are designed to align the compensation of our employees with their performance and to provide the proper incentives to attract and retain employees while motivating them to achieve superior results. The structure of our compensation programs balance incentive earnings for both short-term and long-term performance. 
 Our executive compensation is aligned with stockholder interests by aligning pay-for-performance metrics. 
 We utilize nationally-recognized compensation consultants to evaluate our executive compensation benefit programs and provide benchmarking against our peer groups. 
 We provide employee wages that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, experience, skills, knowledge and geography. 
 Our annual increases and cash incentives are based on market and awarded based on merit. 
 We offer a wide variety of benefits, including health insurance, paid time off, retirement plans, and voluntary benefits such as financial and personal wellness benefits, etc. 
 Health and Safety. We are committed to the safety and well-being of our employees. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented changes to our business in an effort to protect our employees and customers. We instituted safety protocols and procedures for our employees who work on site, including: installation of plexiglass partitions between work stations at our primary manufacturing and assembly facilities, increased distancing and implementation of extensive cleaning and sanitation procedures for our manufacturing and assembly facilities and our general administration and sales facilities. 
 Developing Leaders of Tomorrow/Succession Planning. We are committed to identifying and developing the talents of our next generation of leaders. Our executive management team conducts organization and leadership reviews of all business leaders, focusing on our high-performing and high potential talent, diversity, and the succession planning for critical roles. 
 Employee Feedback and Retention. In 2021 and 2022, we were certified as a Great Place to Work . In addition, for 2021 and 2022, we were recognized on Fortune Best Workplaces in Manufacturing Production . To assess and improve employee retention and engagement, we survey employees and take actions to address areas of employee concerns. The average tenure of our employee is approximately 5.4 years and more than 18 of our employees have been employed by us for more than ten years. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Inclusion and Diversity. In fiscal 2022, our full-time employees increased from approximately 2,000 as of January 1, 2022 to 4,000 as of December 31, 2022 and our dedicated contract personnel worldwide increased from approximately 4,200 as of January 1, 2022 to approximately 5,900 as of December 31, 2022. Of our full-time employees, approximately 69 were male and approximately 31 were female, and women represented approximately 23 of our management/leadership roles. Minorities represented approximately 47 of our U.S. workforce, and approximately 40 of our management/leadership roles. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 We regularly perform risk assessments relating to cybersecurity risks. We have a risk-based cybersecurity program, dedicated to protecting our data and data that may be collected from patient monitoring devices. We utilize a defense-in-depth strategy with multiple layers of security controls to protect our data and systems. We mitigate cybersecurity risks by employing extensive measures, including employee training, systems monitoring and testing and maintenance of protective systems and contingency plans. We continually evaluate ourselves for appropriate business continuity and disaster recovery planning, with test scenarios that include simulations and penetration tests. We also install and regularly update antivirus software on all of our Company-managed systems to detect malicious code and prevent it from impacting our systems. We require cybersecurity awareness training for all staff members with access to our network. We also maintain cyber liability insurance coverage to further reduce our risk profile. Security of our financial data and other sensitive information remains a high priority for us, led by our global information security team. We employ an appropriate encryption and tokenization platform for all online and direct-to-consumer sales from our websites, ensuring no credit card data is stored in our internal systems. For more information on risks related to cybersecurity and data security, see Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Regulatory Environment and General Risk Factors . 
 
 Available Information 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, proxy statements, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge at our website, www.masimo.co m , as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such reports with the SEC. Any information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, nor is it in any way a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks come to fruition, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Summary of Material Risk Factors 
 Below is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this summary, and other risks that we face, can be found following this summary and should be carefully considered together with all of the other information appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We currently derive a significant portion of our revenue from our Masimo SET platform, Masimo rainbow SET platform and related products. If these technologies and related products do not continue to achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 Some of our products are in development or have been recently introduced into the market and may not achieve market acceptance, which could limit our growth and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are not able to maintain and enhance the value and reputation of our non-healthcare brands, or if our reputation is otherwise damaged, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 Our ability to commercialize new products, new or improved technologies and additional applications for Masimo SET and our licensed rainbow technology is limited to certain markets by our Cross-Licensing Agreement with Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. (Cercacor), which may impair our growth and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We face competition from other companies, many of which have substantially greater resources than we do. If we do not successfully develop and commercialize enhanced or new products that remain competitive with products or alternative technologies developed by others, we could lose revenue opportunities and customers, and our ability to grow our business would be impaired, adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on our domestic and international OEM partners for a portion of our revenue. If they do not devote sufficient resources to the promotion of products that use our technologies, our business would be harmed. 
 If we fail to maintain or develop relationships with GPOs, sales of our healthcare products would decline. 
 Inadequate levels of coverage or reimbursement from governmental or other third-party payers for our healthcare products, or for procedures using our healthcare products, may cause our revenue to decline or prevent us from realizing revenues from future products. 
 Consolidation in the healthcare industry could lead to demands for price concessions or to the exclusion of existing market participants from certain markets, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 The loss of any large customer or distributor, or any cancellation or delay of a significant purchase by a large customer, could reduce our net sales and harm our operating results. 
 Counterfeit Masimo sensors and third-party reprocessed single-patient-use Masimo sensors may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Competition and other conflicts with our non-healthcare distribution partners could harm our business and operating results. 
 Certain of our non-healthcare products are dependent on integrations with third-party technology. 
 If the patents we own or license, or our other intellectual property rights, do not adequately protect our technologies, we may lose market share to our competitors and be unable to operate our business profitably. 
 If third-parties claim that we infringe their intellectual property rights, we may incur liabilities and costs and may have to redesign or discontinue selling certain products. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

We believe competitors may currently be violating and may in the future violate our intellectual property rights. As a result, we may initiate litigation to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, which may result in substantial expense and may divert management s attention from implementing our business strategy. 
 The laws of foreign countries may not adequately protect our intellectual property rights. 
 Our failure to obtain and maintain FDA clearances or approvals on a timely basis, or at all, would prevent us from commercializing our current, upgraded or new healthcare products in the U.S., which could severely harm our business. 
 If we or our suppliers fail to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements, or if we experience unanticipated problems with our products, these products could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market. 
 Regulatory reforms may impact our ability to develop and commercialize our healthcare products and technologies. 
 If our healthcare products cause or contribute to a death or serious injury, or malfunction in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury, we will be subject to medical device reporting regulations and other applicable laws, and may need to initiate voluntary or mandatory corrective actions, such as the recall of our healthcare products. 
 Promotion of our healthcare products using claims that are off-label, unsubstantiated, false or misleading could subject us to substantial penalties. 
 The regulatory environment governing information, data security and privacy is increasingly demanding and evolving. Many of the laws and regulations in this area are subject to uncertain interpretation, and our failure to comply could result in claims, penalties or increased costs or otherwise harm our business. 
 We may be subject to or otherwise affected by federal and state healthcare laws, including fraud and abuse laws, and could face substantial penalties if we are unable to fully comply with these laws. 
 U.S. and international legislative and regulatory changes in the healthcare industry could have a negative impact on our financial performance. 
 We may experience conflicts of interest with Cercacor with respect to business opportunities and other matters. 
 We will be required to assign to Cercacor and pay Cercacor for the right to use certain products and technologies we develop that relate to the monitoring of non-vital sign parameters, including improvements to Masimo SET . 
 In the event that the Cross-Licensing Agreement is terminated for any reason, or Cercacor grants a license to rainbow technology to a third-party, our business would be adversely affected. 
 Rights provided to Cercacor in the Cross-Licensing Agreement may impede a change in control of our company. 
 If we are unable to obtain key materials and components from sole or limited source suppliers, we will not be able to deliver our products to customers. 
 Future strategic initiatives, including acquisitions of businesses and strategic investments, could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations if we fail to integrate the acquired businesses and their employees successfully into our existing operations or achieve the desired results of our initiatives. 
 Our new products and changes to existing products as a result of our acquisition of Sound United could fail to attract or retain users or generate revenue and profits. Further, we may not be successful in our non-healthcare expansion, which could adversely affect our business, reputation or financial results. 
 Our credit facility contains certain covenants and restrictions that may limit our flexibility in operating our business. 
 Concentration of ownership of our stock among our existing directors, executive officers and principal stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. 
 Our corporate documents, Delaware law and our stockholder rights plan contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company, prevent attempts to replace or remove current management and reduce the market price of our stock. 
 Shareholder activism could cause us to incur significant expense, disrupt our business, result in a proxy contest or litigation and impact our stock price. 
 Exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 

31 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Revenues 
 We currently derive a significant portion of our revenue from our Masimo SET platform, Masimo rainbow SET platform and related products. If these technologies and related products do not continue to achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 Our healthcare business is highly dependent upon the continued success and market acceptance of our proprietary Masimo SET and Masimo rainbow SET technologies that serve as the basis of our primary healthcare product offerings. Continued market acceptance of products incorporating these technologies will depend upon us continuing to provide evidence to the medical community that our products are cost-effective and offer significantly improved performance compared to conventional pulse oximeters. Healthcare providers that currently have significant investments in competitive pulse oximetry products may be reluctant to purchase our products. If hospitals and other healthcare providers do not believe our Masimo SET and Masimo rainbow SET platforms are cost-effective, safe or more accurate or reliable than competitive pulse oximetry products, they may not buy our healthcare products in sufficient quantities to enable us to generate revenue growth from the sale of these products. In addition, allegations regarding the safety and effectiveness of our products, whether or not substantiated, may impair or impede the acceptance of our products. 
 Some of our products are in development or have been recently introduced into the market and may not achieve market acceptance, which could limit our growth and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Many of our noninvasive measurement technologies are considered disruptive. These technologies have performance levels that we believe are acceptable for many clinical environments but may be insufficient in others. In addition, these technologies may perform better in some patients and settings than others. Over time, we hope to continue to improve the performance of these technologies and educate the clinical community on how to properly evaluate them. If we are successful in these endeavors, we expect these technologies will become more useful in more environments and will become more widely adopted. Our product portfolio continues to expand, and we are investing significant resources to enter into, and in some cases create, new markets for our products. For example, our acquisition of Sound United expanded our business and product strategy to additionally focus on non-healthcare products to integrate with our successful medical technology. See the risk factor with the heading Our new products and changes to existing products as a result of our acquisition of Sound United could fail to attract or retain users or generate revenue and profits. Further, we may not be successful in our non-healthcare expansion, which could adversely affect our business, reputation or financial results for additional risks related to this expansion of our business. 
 We are continuing to invest in sales and marketing resources to achieve market acceptance of our products, but are unable to guarantee that our technologies will achieve general market acceptance. 
 The degree of market acceptance of our healthcare products will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to: 
 perceived clinical benefits from our products; 
 perceived cost effectiveness of our products; 
 perceived safety and effectiveness of our products; 
 reimbursement available through government and private healthcare programs for using some of our products; and 
 introduction and acceptance of competing products or technologies. 
 Further, market acceptance of our non-healthcare products will depend on certain additional factors, including but not limited to: 
 perceived quality of our non-healthcare brands and technology; 
 our ability to accurately forecast consumer demand and maintain manufacturing capacity to meet such demand; 
 our ability to introduce new innovative products that align with rapidly changing consumer tastes; and 
 implementation of pricing and marketing strategies that drive consumer adoption without eroding our premium market position. 
 If our products do not gain market acceptance or if our customers prefer our competitors products, our potential revenue growth would be limited, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

If we are not able to maintain and enhance the value and reputation of our non-healthcare brands, or if our reputation is otherwise damaged, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 Our non-healthcare business in the premium audio market depends on the reputation associated with our brands, including Bowers Wilkins , Denon , Marantz , HEOS , Class , Polk Audio , Boston Acoustics and Definitive Technology , for providing high-quality products and consumer experiences. The reputation of our brands is dependent on a number of factors, including product quality, research and development, trademark protection and sales and marketing initiatives, each of which requires a wide variety of talented professionals and significant expenditures. 
 The value of our brands could be damaged by a number of factors, including defects or other quality issues, perceived lack of innovation, evolving consumer tastes, or ineffective marketing strategies. Further, certain third parties, such as installers of home audio systems or independent retailers over which we exert no control, may damage our reputation if their services or business practices negatively impact the consumer experience with our products. Damage to our brands reputation or other negative consumer perceptions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to commercialize new products, new or improved technologies and additional applications for Masimo SET and our licensed rainbow technology is limited to certain markets by our Cross-Licensing Agreement with Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. (Cercacor), which may impair our growth and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Since 1998, we have been a party to a cross-licensing agreement with Cercacor (as amended, the Cross-Licensing Agreement), under which we granted Cercacor: 
 an exclusive, perpetual and worldwide license, with sublicense rights, to use all Masimo SET technology owned by us, including all improvements to this technology, for the monitoring of non-vital signs parameters and to develop and sell devices incorporating Masimo SET for monitoring non-vital signs parameters in any product market in which a product is intended to be used by a patient or pharmacist rather than by a professional medical caregiver, which we refer to as the Cercacor Market and 
 a non-exclusive, perpetual and worldwide license, with sublicense rights, to use all Masimo SET technology owned by us for measurement of vital signs in the Cercacor Market . 
 Non-vital signs measurements consist of body fluid constituents other than vital signs measurements, including, but not limited to, carbon monoxide, methemoglobin, blood glucose, hemoglobin and bilirubin. Under the Cross-Licensing Agreement, we are only permitted to sell devices utilizing Masimo SET for the monitoring of non-vital signs parameters in markets where the product is intended to be used by a professional medical caregiver, including, but not limited to, hospital caregivers and alternate care facility caregivers, rather than by a patient or pharmacist, which we refer to as the Masimo Market . Accordingly, our ability to commercialize new products, new or improved technologies and additional applications for Masimo SET is limited. In particular, our inability to expand beyond the Masimo Market may limit our ability to maintain or increase our revenue and impair our growth. 
 Pursuant to the Cross-Licensing Agreement, we have licensed from Cercacor the right to make and distribute products in the Masimo Market that utilize rainbow technology for certain noninvasive measurements. As a result, the opportunity to expand the market for our products incorporating rainbow technology is also limited, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our revenue and impair our growth. 
 We face competition from other companies, many of which have substantially greater resources than we do. If we do not successfully develop and commercialize enhanced or new products that remain competitive with products or alternative technologies developed by others, we could lose revenue opportunities and customers, and our ability to grow our business would be impaired, adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The industries in which we compete are intensely competitive and significantly affected by new product introductions and other market activities of industry participants. A number of our competitors have substantially greater capital resources, larger product portfolios, larger customer bases, larger sales forces and greater geographic presence, have established stronger reputations with specific customers, and have built relationships with Group Purchasing Organizations and other hospital purchasing groups (collectively, GPOs) that may be more effective than ours. Our Masimo SET platform faces additional competition from companies developing products for use with third-party monitoring systems, as well as from companies that currently market their own pulse oximetry monitors. In addition, competitors with larger product portfolios than ours are engaging in bundling practices, whereby they offer increased discounts to hospitals that purchase their requirements for a variety of different products from the competitor, including products that we do not offer, effectively pricing their competing products at a loss. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Continuing technological advances and new product introductions in the industries in which we compete place our products at risk of obsolescence. Our long-term success depends upon the development and successful commercialization of new products, new or improved technologies and additional applications for our existing technologies. In our non-healthcare business, we face significant risks associated with new product introductions, including accurately forecasting initial consumer demand, effectively managing any third-party strategic alliances related to manufacturing and commercialization, as well as the risk that new products may not achieve market acceptance or, if acceptance is achieved, may negatively impact the sales of older products. Accordingly, if we cannot properly manage the introduction of new products, our operating results and financial condition may be adversely impacted. In addition, the research and development process is time-consuming and costly and may not result in products or applications that we can successfully commercialize. In particular, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our healthcare products for applications other than arterial blood oxygen saturation and pulse rate monitoring, such as for respiration rate, hemoglobin, carboxyhemoglobin and methemoglobin monitoring. 
 If we do not successfully adapt our products and applications, we could lose revenue opportunities and customers. Furthermore, one or more of our competitors may develop products that are substantially equivalent to those of our healthcare products that are cleared or approved for use, or those of our original equipment manufacturer (OEM) partners, in which case a competitor of ours may use our products or those of our OEM partners as predicate devices to more quickly obtain regulatory clearance or approval of their competing products. Competition could result in pressure from our customers to reduce the price of our products and could cause them to place fewer orders for our products, which could, in turn, cause a reduction in our revenues and product gross margins, thereby adversely impacting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Some of the world s largest technology companies that have not historically operated in the healthcare or medical device space, such as Alphabet Inc., Amazon.com, Inc., Apple Inc., Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. and others, have developed or may develop products and technologies that may compete with our current or future products and technologies. For example, in September 2021, Apple, Inc. announced that its Apple Watch Series 7 includes a blood oxygen level monitoring feature and a sleep tracking function, both of which compete with our existing products. In August 2022, Apple, Inc. announced that its Apple Watch Series 8 includes an ECG app, as well as fall detection and temperature sensing capabilities, which may compete with certain of our existing products and products in development. In September 2022, Apple, Inc. announced that its Apple watchOS9 will include expanded workout enhancements, medication reminders, sleep reporting, temperature tracking and atrial fibrillation history, which may compete with certain of our existing products and products in development. In our non-healthcare business, our competition includes the technology companies referenced above as well as sellers of consumer audio products, such as Bang Olufsen , Bose , Harman International , JBL , Sonos and Sony . Many of these companies have substantially greater capital, research and development, and sales resources than we have. To effectively compete, we may need to expand our product offerings and distribution channels, which in the interim could increase our research and development costs and decrease our operating margins, thereby adversely impacting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on our domestic and international OEM partners for a portion of our revenue. If they do not devote sufficient resources to the promotion of products that use our technologies, our business would be harmed. 
 We are, and will continue to be, dependent upon our domestic and international OEM partners for a portion of our revenue through their marketing, selling and distribution of certain of their products that incorporate our technologies. Although we expect that our OEM partners will accept and actively market, sell and distribute products that incorporate our technologies, they may not do so. Because products that incorporate our technologies may represent a relatively small percentage of business for some of our OEM partners, they may have less incentive to promote these products over other products that do not incorporate these technologies. 
 In addition, some of our OEM partners offer products that compete with ours and also may be involved in intellectual property disputes with us. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that our OEM partners, or any company that may acquire any of our OEM partners, will vigorously promote products incorporating our technologies. The failure of our OEM partners to successfully market, sell or distribute products incorporating our technologies, the termination of OEM agreements, the loss of OEM partners or the inability to enter into future OEM partnership agreements would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to maintain or develop relationships with GPOs, sales of our healthcare products would decline. 
 Our ability to sell our healthcare products to hospitals depends, in part, on our relationships with GPOs. Many existing and potential customers for our products are members of GPOs. GPOs negotiate pricing arrangements and contracts with medical supply manufacturers and distributors that may include provisions for sole sourcing and bundling, which generally reduce the choices available to member hospitals. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

These negotiated prices are made available to a GPO s members. If we are not one of the providers selected by a GPO, the GPO s members may be less likely or unlikely to purchase our products. If a GPO has negotiated a strict sole source, market share compliance or bundling contract for another manufacturer s products, we may be prohibited from making sales to members of such GPO for the duration of such contractual arrangement. Shipments of our pulse oximetry products to customers that are members of GPOs represent approxim a tely 95 of our U.S. healthcare product sales. Our failure to renew our contracts with GPOs may cause us to lose market share in our healthcare business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if we are unable to develop new relationships with GPOs, our competitive position would likely suffer and our opportunities to grow our revenues and business would be harmed. 
 Inadequate levels of coverage or reimbursement from governmental or other third-party payers for our healthcare products, or for procedures using our healthcare products, may cause our revenue to decline or prevent us from realizing revenues from future products. 
 Sales of our healthcare products depend in part on the reimbursement and coverage policies of governmental and private healthcare payers. The lack of adequate coverage and reimbursement for our healthcare products or the procedures in which our healthcare products are used may deter customers from purchasing our products. 
 We cannot guarantee that governmental or third-party payers will reimburse or begin reimbursing a customer for the cost of our healthcare products or the procedures in which our healthcare products are used. For example, some insurance carriers have issued policies denying coverage for transcutaneous hemoglobin measurement on the grounds that the technology is investigational in the outpatient setting. Other payers are continuing to investigate our products to determine if they will provide reimbursement for the use of such products. In addition, we may incur significant expenses to generate clinical data to demonstrate not only the safety and efficacy, but also the cost-effectiveness of our products in order to obtain favorable reimbursement policies from payers. 
 These trends could lead to pressure to reduce prices for our current and future healthcare products, hinder our ability to obtain market adoption, cause a decrease in the size of the market or potentially increase competition, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We do not control payer decision-making with respect to coverage and payment levels for our products. Additionally, we expect many payers to continue to explore cost-containment strategies (e.g., comparative and cost-effectiveness analyses, so-called pay-for-performance programs implemented by various public government healthcare programs and private third-party payers, and expansion of payment bundling initiatives, and other such methods that shift medical cost risk to providers) that may potentially impact coverage and/or payment levels for our current products or products we develop in the future. 
 Outside of the U.S., reimbursement systems vary by country. These systems are often subject to the same pressures to curb rising healthcare costs and control healthcare expenditures as those in the U.S. In addition, as economies of emerging markets develop, these countries may implement changes in their healthcare delivery and payment systems. If adequate levels of reimbursement from third-party payers outside of the U.S. are not obtained, sales of our products outside of the U.S. may be adversely affected. 
 Consolidation in the healthcare industry could lead to demands for price concessions or to the exclusion of existing market participants from certain markets, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Because healthcare costs have risen significantly over the past decade, numerous initiatives and reforms initiated by legislators, regulators and third-party payers to curb these costs have resulted in a consolidation trend in the healthcare industry to aggregate purchasing power. As the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide products and services to industry participants has become, and will continue to become, more intense. This has resulted in, and will likely continue to result in, greater pricing pressures and the exclusion of certain existing market participants from important market segments as GPOs, independent delivery networks and large single accounts continue to use their market power to consolidate purchasing decisions for hospitals. 
 We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies and societal pressures will continue to impact the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may reduce competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our healthcare products and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Our healthcare customers may reduce, delay or cancel purchases due to a variety of factors, such as lower hospital census levels or third-party guidelines, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our healthcare customers are facing growing levels of uncertainties, including variations in overall hospital census for paying patients and the impact of such census variations on hospital budgets. As a result, many hospitals are reevaluating their entire cost structure, including the amount of capital they allocate to medical device technologies and products. In addition, certain of our products, including our rainbow measurements such as carbon monoxide, methemoglobin and hemoglobin, that are sold with upfront license fees and more complex and expensive sensors, could also be impacted by hospital budget reductions. Any reductions in capital spending budgets by hospitals could have a significant negative impact on our OEM customers who, due to their traditionally larger capital equipment sales model, could see declines in purchases from their hospital customers. This, in turn, could reduce our board sales to our OEM customers. 
 From time to time, states and other local regulatory authorities may issue guidelines regarding the appropriate scope and use of our products. For example, some of our noninvasive monitoring devices may be subject to authorization by individual states as part of the Emergency Medical Services (EMS) scope of practice procedures. A lack of inclusion into scope of practice procedures may limit adoption of our products. 
 Additionally, increases in demand resulting from global medical crises, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, may be short lived. If the increased demand results in a stockpiling of our healthcare products by, or excess inventory at, our customers, future orders may be delayed or canceled until such on-hand inventory is consumed. 
 The loss of any large customer or distributor, or any cancellation or delay of a significant purchase by a large customer, could reduce our net sales and harm our operating results. 
 Our healthcare business has a concentration of OEM, distributor and direct customers. For example, sales to one just-in-time distributor represe nted 10 or m ore of our healthcare product sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. Similarly, within our non-healthcare business, we sell products through distributors and resellers, direct-to-consumer and to large retailers. No individual retailer represented more than 10 of our non-healthcare product sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We cannot provide any assurances that we will retain our current customers, groups of customers or distributors, that they will maintain their current or forecasted demand for our products, or that we will be able to attract and retain additional customers in the future. If for any reason we were to lose our ability to sell to a specific group or class of customers or through a distributor, we could experience a significant reduction in revenue or loss of market share, which would adversely impact our operating results. 
 Our revenues could also be negatively affected by any rebates, discounts or fees that are required by, or offered to, GPOs and customers, including wholesalers or distributors. Additionally, some just-in-time distributors of our healthcare products have been demanding higher fees, which we may be obligated to pay in order to continue to offer products to our customers through these distributors or which may obligate us to distribute our products directly to our customers. The loss of any large customer or distributor, an increase in distributor fees, or the risks associated with selling directly to our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Counterfeit Masimo sensors and third-party reprocessed single-patient-use Masimo sensors may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We believe that other entities are manufacturing and selling counterfeit Masimo sensors. In addition, certain medical device reprocessors have been collecting our used single-patient-use sensors from hospitals and then reprocessing, repackaging and reselling those sensors to hospitals. These counterfeit and third-party reprocessed sensors are sold at lower prices than new Masimo sensors. Our experience with both these counterfeit sensors and third-party reprocessed sensors is that they provide inferior performance, increased sensor consumption, reduced comfort and a number of monitoring problems. Notwithstanding these limitations, some of our customers have indicated a willingness to purchase some of their sensor requirements from these counterfeit manufacturers and third-party reprocessors in an effort to reduce their sensor costs. 
 These counterfeit and reprocessed sensors have led and may continue to lead to confusion with our genuine Masimo products, have reduced and may continue to reduce our revenue, and, in some cases, have harmed and may continue to harm our reputation if customers conclude incorrectly that these counterfeit or reprocessed sensors are original Masimo sensors. 
 In addition, we have expended a significant amount of time and expense investigating issues caused by counterfeit and reprocessed sensors, troubleshooting problems stemming from such sensors, educating customers about why counterfeit and reprocessed sensors do not perform to their expectations, enforcing our proprietary rights against the counterfeit manufacturers and reprocessors, and enforcing our contractual rights. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

In response to these counterfeit sensors and third-party reprocessors, we have incorporated X-Cal technology into certain products to ensure our customers get the performance they expect by using genuine Masimo sensors and that such sensors do not continue to be used beyond their useful life. However, some customers may object to the X-Cal technology, potentially resulting in the loss of customers and revenues. 
 We also offer our own Masimo reprocessed sensors, which meet the same performance specifications as our new Masimo sensors, to our customers. Reprocessed sensors sold by us are also offered at a lower price and, therefore, may reduce certain customer demand for our new sensors. As a result, increased sales of our own Masimo reprocessed sensors may result in lower revenues, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Competition and other conflicts with our non-healthcare distribution partners could harm our business and operating results. 
 Several of our existing non-healthcare products compete, and future products may compete, with the product offerings of some of our significant channel and distribution partners. These partners may choose to market and promote their own products over ours or could cease or reduce selling or promoting our products. Any reduction in our ability to place and promote our non-healthcare products, or increased competition from our distribution partners for available shelf or website placement, especially during peak retail sales periods, could adversely affect our non-healthcare business. In addition, the expansion of our direct-to-consumer channel in our non-healthcare business through our brand websites could increase our competition with our channel partners and cause these partners to reduce their purchases of our non-healthcare products. Conflicts in our sales channels could arise and cause channel partners to divert resources away from the promotion and sale of our products. Any of these situations could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Certain of our non-healthcare products are dependent on integrations with third-party technology. 
 We integrate our non-healthcare products with technologies from third parties, some of which have developed or may develop and sell competitive products. If these third parties view us as a competitive threat, they may cease doing business with us or disable (or require us to disable) the technology they integrate into our products. If one or more of these third parties do not maintain their integration with our products or seek to adversely modify the terms under which they provide integration in a manner that is unacceptable to us, our products may lose important functionality, our reputation may be harmed, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be damaged. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If the patents we own or license, or our other intellectual property rights, do not adequately protect our technologies, we may lose market share to our competitors and be unable to operate our business profitably. 
 Our success depends significantly on our ability to protect our rights to the technologies used in our products. Our utilization of patent protection, trade secrets and a combination of copyright and trademark laws, as well as nondisclosure, confidentiality and other contractual arrangements, to protect our intellectual property afford us only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or maintain any competitive advantage. 
 Certain of our patents related to our technologies have begun to expire. Upon the expiration of our issued or licensed patents, we generally lose some of our rights to exclude competitors from making, using, selling or importing products using the technology based on the expired patents. 
 Furthermore, in recent years, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases and several laws have been enacted that, in certain situations, potentially narrow the scope of patent protection available and weaken the rights of patent owners. As a result, we believe large technology companies may be pursuing an efficient infringement strategy, having concluded that it is cheaper to infringe third-party intellectual property rights than to acquire, license or otherwise respect them. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in securing additional patents on commercially desirable improvements, that such additional patents will adequately protect our innovations or offset the effect of expiring patents, or that competitors will not be able to design around our patents. 
 In addition, third-parties have challenged, and may continue to challenge, our issued patents through procedures such as Inter-Partes Review (IPR). In many IPR challenges, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) cancels or significantly narrows issued patent claims. IPR challenges could increase the uncertainties and costs associated with the maintenance, enforcement and defense of our issued and future patents and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

We also utilize unpatented proprietary technology and know-how and often rely on confidentiality agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, OEM partners, independent distributors and consultants to protect such unpatented proprietary technology and know-how. However, such agreements may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for our proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of the agreements, or in the event that our competitors discover or independently develop similar or identical designs or other proprietary information. 
 We rely on the use of registered and common law trademarks with respect to our brands and the names of some of our products. Common law trademarks provide less protection than registered trademarks. Loss of rights in our trademarks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If third-parties claim that we infringe their intellectual property rights, we may incur liabilities and costs and may have to redesign or discontinue selling certain products. 
 Searching for existing intellectual property rights may not reveal important intellectual property and our competitors may also have filed for patent protection, which may not be publicly-available information, or claimed trademark rights that have not been revealed through our searches. In addition, some of our employees were previously employed at our competitors. We may be subject to claims that our employees have disclosed, or that we have used, trade secrets or other proprietary information of our employees former employers. Our efforts to identify and avoid infringing on third-parties intellectual property rights may not always be successful. Any claims of patent or other intellectual property infringement against us, even those without merit, could: 
 be expensive and time-consuming to defend and result in payment of significant damages to third-parties; 
 force us to stop making or selling products that incorporate the intellectual property; 
 require us to redesign, reengineer or rebrand our products, product candidates and technologies; 
 require us to enter into royalty agreements that would increase the costs of our products; 
 require us to indemnify third-parties pursuant to contracts in which we have agreed to provide indemnification for intellectual property infringement claims; 
 divert the attention of our management and other key employees; and 
 result in our customers or potential customers deferring or limiting their purchase or use of the affected products impacted by the claims until the claims are resolved; 
 any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, new patents obtained by our competitors could threaten the continued commercialization of our products in the market even after they have already been introduced. 
 We believe competitors may currently be violating and may in the future violate our intellectual property rights. As a result, we may initiate litigation to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, which may result in substantial expense and may divert management s attention from implementing our business strategy. 
 We believe that the success of our business depends, in part, on obtaining patent protection for our products and technologies, defending our patents and preserving our trade secrets. We were previously involved in significant litigation to protect our patent positions related to some of our pulse oximetry signal processing patents that resulted in various settlements. We believe some of the new market entrants in the healthcare and monitoring space, including some of the world s largest technology companies, and some consumer audio companies may be infringing our intellectual property, and we may be required to engage in additional litigation to protect our intellectual property in the future. In addition, we believe that certain individuals who previously held high level technical and clinical positions with us misappropriated our intellectual property for the benefit of themselves and other companies. For example, on January 9, 2020, we initiated litigation against Apple Inc. for infringement of a number of patents, for trade secret misappropriation and for ownership and correction of inventorship of a number of Apple Inc. patents that list one of our former employees as an inventor. In addition, on June 30, 2021, we filed a complaint with the ITC against Apple Inc. for infringement of a number of other patents. On October 20, 2022, Apple filed two complaints against us and Sound United alleging that the Masimo W1 watch infringes a number of patents. On January 10, 2023, an Administrative Law Judge ruled that Apple Inc. violated Section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended, by importing and selling within the United States certain Apple Watches with light-based pulse oximetry functionality and components, which infringe one of our pulse oximeter patents. For additional information related to these litigations, please see Note 24, Commitments and Contingencies , to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our ongoing and future litigation could result in significant additional costs and further divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations and the implementation of our business strategy and may not be successful or adequate to protect our intellectual property rights. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

The laws of foreign countries may not adequately protect our intellectual property rights. 
 Intellectual property protection laws in foreign countries differ substantially from those in the U.S. If we fail to apply for intellectual property protection in foreign countries, or if we cannot adequately protect our intellectual property rights in these foreign countries, our competitors may be able to compete more effectively against us, which could adversely affect our competitive position, as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Regulatory Environment 
 Our failure to obtain and maintain FDA clearances or approvals on a timely basis, or at all, would prevent us from commercializing our current, upgraded or new healthcare products in the U.S., which could severely harm our business. 
 Unless an exemption applies, each medical device that we market in the U.S. must first undergo premarket review pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) by receiving clearance of a 510(k) premarket notification, receiving clearance through the de novo classification review process or obtaining approval of a premarket approval (PMA) application. Even if regulatory clearance or approval of a product is granted, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) may clear or approve our products only for limited indications for use. Additionally, the FDA may not grant 510(k) clearance on a timely basis, if at all, for new products or new uses that we propose for Masimo SET or licensed rainbow technology. 
 The traditional FDA 510(k) clearance process for our medical devices has generally taken between four to nine months. However, our more recent experience and interactions with the FDA, along with information we have received from other medical device manufacturers, suggests that, in some cases, the FDA is requiring applicants to provide additional or different information and data for 510(k) clearance than it had previously required, and that the FDA may not rely on approaches that it had previously accepted to support 510(k) clearance. As a result, FDA 510(k) clearance can be delayed for our products in some cases. 
 To support our product applications to the FDA, we frequently are required to conduct clinical testing of our products. Such clinical testing must be conducted in compliance with FDA requirements pertaining to human research. Among other requirements, we must obtain informed consent from study subjects and approval by institutional review boards before such studies may begin. We must also comply with other FDA requirements such as monitoring, record-keeping, reporting and the submission of information regarding certain clinical trials to a public database maintained by the National Institutes of Health. In addition, if the study involves a significant risk device, we are required to obtain the FDA s approval of the study under an Investigational Device Exemption (IDE). Compliance with these requirements can require significant time and resources. In addition, public health emergencies and other extraordinary circumstances may disrupt the conduct of our clinical trials. If the FDA determines that we have not complied with such requirements, the FDA may refuse to consider the data to support our applications or may initiate enforcement actions. 
 Even though 510(k) clearances have been obtained, if safety or effectiveness problems are identified with our products, we may need to initiate a recall of such products. Furthermore, our new products or significantly modified marketed products could be denied 510(k) clearance and be required to undergo the more burdensome PMA or de novo classification review processes. The process of obtaining a de novo classification or PMA approval is much more costly, lengthy and uncertain than the process for obtaining 510(k) clearance. 
 De novo classification review generally takes six months to one year from the time of submission of the de novo request, although it can take longer. Approval of a PMA generally takes one year from the time of submission of the PMA, but may be longer. 
 We sell consumer versions of our iSpO 2 and MightySat pulse oximeters that are not intended for medical use. Some of our products or product features may not be subject to the 510(k) process and/or other regulatory requirements in accordance with specific FDA guidance and policies, such as the FDA guidance related to mobile medical applications. In addition, some of our products or product features may not be subject to device regulation pursuant to Section 520(o) of the FDCA, which excludes certain software functions from the statutory definition of a device. In addition, we may market certain products pursuant to enforcement discretion policies the FDA previously announced to address the need for these products as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Such policies only remain in effect during the COVID-19 public health emergency, such that we will need to seek clearance or approval of such products to continue marketing these products when the public health emergency expires, which is expected to expire on May 11, 2023. If the FDA changes its policies or concludes that our marketing of these products is not in accordance with its current policies and/or Section 520(o) of the FDCA, we may be required to seek clearance or approval of these devices through the 510(k), de novo classification review or PMA processes. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

The failure of our OEM partners to obtain required FDA clearances or approvals for products that incorporate our healthcare technologies could have a negative impact on our revenue. 
 Our healthcare OEM partners are required to obtain their own FDA clearances in the U.S. for most products incorporating our technologies. The FDA clearances we have obtained may not make it easier for our OEM partners to obtain clearances of products incorporating these technologies, or the FDA may not grant clearances on a timely basis, if at all, for any future products incorporating our technologies that our OEM partners propose to market. 
 If we or our suppliers fail to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements, or if we experience unanticipated problems with our products, these products could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market. 
 Our healthcare products, along with the manufacturing processes, labeling and promotional activities for those products, are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory bodies. Among other requirements, we and certain of our suppliers are required to comply with the FDA s Quality System Regulation (QSR), which governs the methods and documentation of the design, control testing, production, component suppliers control, quality assurance, complaint handling, labeling control, packaging, storage and shipping of our healthcare products. The FDA enforces the QSR through announced and unannounced inspections. We are also subject to similar state requirements and licenses. 
 In addition to the FDA, from time to time we are subject to inspections by the California Food and Drug Branch, international regulatory authorities and other similar governmental agencies. The standards used by these regulatory authorities are complex and may differ from those used by the FDA. 
 Failure by us or one of our suppliers to comply with statutes and regulations administered by the FDA and other regulatory bodies or failure to adequately respond to any FDA Form 483 observations, any California Food and Drug Branch notices of violation or any similar reports could result in, among other things, any of the following: 
 warning letters or untitled letters issued by the FDA; 
 fines, civil penalties, in rem forfeiture proceedings, injunctions, consent decrees and criminal prosecution; 
 import alerts; 
 unanticipated expenditures to address or defend such actions; 
 delays in clearing or approving, or refusal to clear or approve, our products; 
 withdrawals or suspensions of clearance or approval of our products or those of our third-party suppliers by the FDA or other regulatory bodies; 
 product recalls or seizures; 
 orders for physician notification or device repair, replacement or refund; 
 interruptions of production or inability to export to certain foreign countries; and 
 operating restrictions. 
 In addition, many of our healthcare and non-healthcare products are subject to various laws, regulations and legal requirements, including those governing consumer protection, product import and export, hazardous materials usage and discharge, product related energy consumption, electrical safety, wireless emissions, e-commerce, packaging and recycling. Compliance with these requirements, which vary widely depending on jurisdiction, is time consuming and expensive. 
 If we fail to comply with applicable legal requirements, it would harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to obtain regulatory authorizations in foreign jurisdictions may prevent us from marketing our products abroad. 
 We currently market and intend to continue to market our products internationally. Outside of the U.S., we can generally market our healthcare products only if we receive a marketing authorization (and/or meet certain pre-marketing requirements) and, in some cases, pricing approval, from the appropriate regulatory authorities. The regulatory registration/licensing process varies among international jurisdictions and may require additional or different product testing than required to obtain FDA clearance. FDA clearance does not ensure new product registration/licensing by foreign regulatory authorities, and we may be unable to obtain foreign regulatory registration/licensing on a timely basis, if at all. 
 In addition, clearance by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure clearance by any other foreign regulatory authority or by the FDA. If we fail to receive necessary approvals to commercialize our products in foreign jurisdictions on a timely basis, or at all, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Furthermore, foreign regulatory requirements may change from time to time, which could adversely affect our ability to market new products, and/or continue to market existing products, internationally. Certain significant changes in the international regulatory landscape have recently taken place or will take place in the near future. These include the EU Medical Devices Regulation (EU) 2017/745 (MDR), which came into effect on May 26, 2021 and a regulatory regime in the UK effective since January 1, 2021 as a result of the UK s exit from the EU (Brexit). 
 Modifications to our marketed medical devices may require new regulatory clearances or premarket approvals, or may require us to cease marketing or to recall the modified devices until clearances or approvals are obtained. 
 We have made modifications to our medical devices in the past and we may make additional modifications in the future. Any modification to a medical device that is cleared by the FDA that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness or that could constitute a major change in its intended use would require a new clearance or approval and certain modifications to devices cleared or approved by foreign regulatory authorities may also require a new clearance or approval. 
 We may not be able to obtain such clearances or approvals in a timely fashion, or at all. Delays in obtaining future clearances would adversely affect our ability to introduce new or enhanced products in a timely manner, which in turn would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 For device modifications that we conclude do not require a new regulatory clearance or approval, we may be required to recall and to stop marketing the modified devices if the government agency disagrees with our conclusion and requires new clearances or approvals for the modifications. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA has issued enforcement policies under which the agency has said it will not require clearance of a new 510(k) for certain modifications to 510(k)-cleared non-invasive vital-sign patient monitoring devices. However, these policies remain in effect only during the COVID-19 pandemic. Manufacturers that make modifications pursuant to these policies will need to stop marketing the modifications at the end of the COVID-19 pandemic unless the manufacturer receives 510(k) clearance for the modifications. 
 Regulatory reforms may impact our ability to develop and commercialize our healthcare products and technologies. 
 From time to time, legislation is drafted and introduced by governments that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the clearance or approval, manufacture and marketing of medical devices. For example, in December 2022, Congress enacted the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022 (FDORA). FDORA reauthorized the FDA to collect device user fees and contained substantive amendments to the device provisions of the FDCA. Among other changes, FDORA requires premarket submissions for cyber devices to include plans to address postmarket cybersecurity vulnerabilities and exploits and other cybersecurity-related information. FDORA also imposes a new requirement for sponsors of medical device clinical trials to develop diversity action plans that must be submitted to the FDA with an IDE application, if an IDE is required for the study, or in the marketing application for the device if an IDE application is not required. The statute also authorizes the FDA to approve or clear predetermined change control plans in PMAs or 510(k) premarket notifications, and once such a plan is approved or cleared, then a supplemental PMA or a new 510(k) is not required for a change to a device that is consistent with such approved or cleared plan. 
 In addition, regulations and guidance are often revised or reinterpreted by the government agency in ways that may significantly affect our business or products. Future regulatory changes could make it more difficult for us to obtain or maintain approval to develop and commercialize our products and technologies. Public health emergencies may also prompt temporary or permanent regulatory reforms that could change the processes governing the clearance or approval, manufacture and marketing of medical devices. 
 In the EU, for example, the new MDR became applicable to our medical devices on May 26, 2021. The MDR requires medical devices and their manufacturers to comply with more stringent standards than before. The MDR also imposes new and enhanced obligations on importers and distributors of medical devices in the EU. Although the MDR is subject to certain transitional periods, both we and others involved in the distribution and commercialization of our medical devices in the EU will need to comply with more stringent EU rules. 
 Due to Brexit, from January 1, 2021, a new regulatory framework applies to medical devices commercialized in Great Britain (England, Scotland and Wales). This is now separate from the regime in the EU. Although certain transition periods apply until June 30, 2023 (expected to be extended imminently to June 30, 2024), the medical devices we intend to commercialize in Great Britain will need to conform to different requirements than the requirements in the EU. These factors are likely to add more complexity to our regulatory compliance obligations in Europe and our ability to commercialize medical devices in European markets. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

If our healthcare products cause or contribute to a death or serious injury, or malfunction in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury, we will be subject to medical device reporting regulations and other applicable laws, and may need to initiate voluntary or mandatory corrective actions, such as the recall of our healthcare products. 
 Regulatory agencies in many countries require us to report anytime our healthcare products cause or contribute to a death or serious injury, or malfunction in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. For example, under the FDA medical device reporting regulations, we are required to report to the FDA any incident in which a product of ours may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or in which a product of ours malfunctioned and, if the malfunction were to recur, would be likely to cause or contribute to death or serious injury. In addition, all manufacturers placing medical devices on the market in the EU are legally required to report any serious or potentially serious incidents involving devices produced or sold by the manufacturer to the relevant authority in those jurisdictions where any such incident occurred. 
 The FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities have the authority to require the recall of our commercialized healthcare products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in, for example, design, labeling or manufacture. The FDA must find that there is a reasonable probability that the device would cause serious adverse health consequences or death in order to require a recall. The standard for recalling deficient products may be different in foreign jurisdictions. Manufacturers may, under their own initiative, recall a product if any material deficiency is found in a device or they become aware of a safety issue involving a marketed product. A government-mandated or voluntary recall by us or by one of our distributors could occur as a result of component failures, manufacturing errors, design or labeling defects or other deficiencies and issues. 
 We may initiate certain field actions, such as a product correction or removal of our products in the future. In addition, third- parties that commercialize products incorporating our technologies may initiate similar actions or product corrections. Any correction or removal initiated by us to reduce a health risk posed by our device, or to remedy a violation of the FDCA or other regulations caused by the device that may present a risk to health, must be reported to the FDA. If the FDA subsequently determines that a report was required for a correction or removal of our products that we did not believe required a report, we could be subject to enforcement actions. 
 In addition, our non-healthcare products, including components we source from third parties, may be found to have design or manufacturing defects. Such defects may result in additional costs for product modifications, voluntary or mandated product recalls or other liabilities resulting from product malfunctions. For example, defects in our audio products may result in overheating or electrical shock, creating a risk of personal injury or property damage. 
 Any recalls or corrections of our products or third-party products that incorporate our technologies, or enforcement actions would divert managerial and financial resources and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, given our dependence upon patient, physician and consumer perceptions, any negative publicity associated with any recalls could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 Promotion of our healthcare products using claims that are off-label, unsubstantiated, false or misleading could subject us to substantial penalties. 
 Obtaining 510(k) clearance permits us to promote our products for the uses cleared by the FDA. Use of a device outside its cleared or approved indications is known as off-label use. Physicians may use our products off-label because the FDA does not restrict or regulate a physician s choice of treatment within the practice of medicine, but we may not promote our products off-label . While we may request additional cleared indications for our current products, the FDA may deny those requests, require additional expensive clinical data to support any additional indications or impose limitations on the intended use of any cleared product as a condition of clearance. If the FDA determines that our products were promoted for off-label use or that false, misleading or inadequately substantiated promotional claims have been made by us or our OEM partners, it could request that we or our OEM partners modify those promotional materials or it could take regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance of an untitled letter, warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine and criminal penalties. While certain U.S. courts have held that truthful, non-misleading, off-label information is protected under the First Amendment under certain circumstances, the FDA continues to take the position that off-label promotion is subject to enforcement action. 
 It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities may take action if they consider our communications, including promotional or training materials, to constitute promotion of an uncleared or unapproved use. If not successfully defended, enforcement actions related to off-label promotion could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement. In any such event, our reputation could be damaged, adoption of our products could be impaired and we could be subject to extensive fines and penalties. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we must have adequate substantiation for the claims we make for our products. If any of our claims are determined to be false, misleading or deceptive, our products could be considered misbranded under the FDCA or in violation of the Federal Trade Commission Act. We could also face lawsuits from our competitors under the Lanham Act alleging that our marketing materials are false or misleading. 
 Government agencies in the EU, UK, Japan and other countries and jurisdictions have similar regulations on the advertising and promotion of medical devices. If we fail to comply with any of these regulations, our reputation could be damaged, adoption of our products could be impaired and we could be subject to extensive fines and penalties. 
 The regulatory environment governing information, data security and privacy is increasingly demanding and evolving. Many of the laws and regulations in this area are subject to uncertain interpretation, and our failure to comply could result in claims, penalties or increased costs or otherwise harm our business. 
 Personal privacy and data security have become significant issues in the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, Canada, China and many other jurisdictions where we offer our products. The regulatory framework for privacy and security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. 
 Several U.S. states have passed comprehensive privacy laws that have gone or will go into effect in 2023. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) amended and expanded the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) effective January 1, 2023, with enforcement of the CPRA beginning July 1, 2023. Other states have also enacted data privacy laws, including the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, Utah s Consumer Privacy Act, and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act, all of which became or will become effective in 2023. These state laws govern the processing of residents personal information. Among many new requirements, some of these laws (including the CPRA) subject health-related information to additional safeguards and disclosures. In addition, the state privacy laws expand consumers rights (such as opting out of certain data sales to third parties and targeted advertising, restricting certain uses and disclosures of sensitive data, and requesting access, deletion, or correction of personal information). These state laws also minimize what data we can collect from consumers and how we may use and disclose it. These state privacy laws also require us to make disclosures to consumers about our data collection, use and sharing practices. There is significant uncertainty regarding how regulators will interpret and enforce this patchwork of new laws, particularly to the extent there are inconsistencies or differences in their requirements. 
 We continue to be subject to federal privacy laws such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) in connection with any personal health information or medical information that we may obtain or have access to in connection with the operation of our business. Moreover, a comprehensive federal data privacy bill, the American Data Privacy and Protection Act, has been proposed and, if passed, will further change the privacy and data security compliance landscape. In addition, the SEC recently passed a cybersecurity rule that may go into effect as early as the first half of 2023. The new cybersecurity rule will require, among other things, increased monitoring and reporting of data security incidents. 
 All 50 U.S. states have data breach notification laws that, if violated, could result in penalties, fines and litigation. In addition, many states have implemented or are in the process of implementing related legislation, including state-specific biometric privacy laws that have resulted in class-action lawsuits against businesses. The full impact of these laws on our business is yet to be determined, but it could result in increased operating expenses as well as additional exposure to the risk of litigation by or on behalf of consumers. 
 Internationally, in 2022, the European Data Protection Board released new guidelines on enforcement and fines related to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The new guidelines suggest a tougher stance on enforcement and stiffer fines for companies that violate the GDPR. This is in addition to the continued complexities involving the transfer of personal data from Europe to the U.S. following the Schrems II decision. The U.S. and the European Commission have been in discussions for a new Trans-Atlantic data privacy framework, Privacy Shield 2.0, which is anticipated to go into effect sometime in 2023, and will require additional compliance efforts from our company. Most recently, on March 25, 2022, the European Commission and the U.S. White House announced that an agreement on Privacy Shield 2.0 has been reached and in October 2022, President Joe Biden signed an Executive Order to implement the new framework. The new framework is designed to address the deficiencies that led to the invalidation of the original Privacy Shield. However, it is too soon to tell how the future of Privacy Shield 2.0 will evolve and what impact it will have on our international activities. The new framework has not yet been implemented beyond an executive order signed by President Biden on October 7, 2022 on Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activities and formal approval on EU level is expected to take several months. In addition, the new framework is very likely to be challenged in the EU immediately after its approval. Fortunately, the new framework is just one possible mechanism to transfer personal data; other mechanisms remain available to us, including reliance upon standard contractual clauses. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Further, Brexit has led and could also lead to legislative and regulatory changes that may increase our compliance costs. As of January 1, 2021 and the expiry of transitional arrangements agreed to between the UK and the EU, data processing in the UK is governed by a UK version of the GDPR (combining the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018), exposing us to two parallel regimes, each of which authorizes similar fines and other potentially divergent enforcement actions for certain violations. On June 28, 2021, the European Commission adopted an Adequacy Decision for the UK, allowing for the relatively free exchange of personal information between the EU and the UK (as the UK correspondingly allows transfers back to the EU). However, the European Commission may suspend the Adequacy Decision if it considers that the UK no longer provides for an adequate level of data protection. There are no signs as yet that the European Commission will take that step, which would be unprecedented. 
 Other international jurisdictions, including Canada, China, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, the UAE, and Brazil, among others, have also implemented laws relating to data privacy and protection that went into effect in 2022 or are anticipated to go into effect in early 2023. In 2023, we anticipate Australia, Argentina and India to propose new data privacy and protection laws. In addition, several jurisdictions such as South Korea have shown increased enforcement of their existing data privacy and security laws. Although we believe that we are complying with the GDPR and similar laws, these laws are still relatively new. Therefore, as international data privacy and protection laws continue to evolve, and as new regulations, interpretive guidance and enforcement information become available, we may incur incremental costs to modify our business practices to comply with these requirements. In addition, our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from reckless, intentional or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. 
 We may be required to make costly system modifications to comply with applicable data privacy and security laws. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could subject us to criminal or civil, monetary or and non-monetary penalties, disrupt our operations, involve significant management distraction, negatively impact our brand image, subject us to class action lawsuits and result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to or otherwise affected by federal and state healthcare laws, including fraud and abuse laws, and could face substantial penalties if we are unable to fully comply with these laws. 
 Healthcare fraud and abuse laws potentially applicable to our operations include, but are not limited to: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any bribe, kickback or other remuneration intended to induce the purchase, order or recommendation of an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program (such as the Medicare or Medicaid programs); 
 the federal False Claims Act and other federal laws which prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, other government payers or other third-party payers that are false or fraudulent; 
 the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires medical device companies to track and publicly report, with limited exceptions, all payments and transfers of value to certain health care professionals and teaching hospitals in the U.S.; and 
 state laws analogous to each of the above federal laws, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to items or services reimbursed by governmental programs and non-governmental third-party payers, including commercial insurers. 
 If we are found to have violated any such laws or other similar governmental regulations, including their foreign counterparts, that are directly or indirectly applicable to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion of our products from reimbursement under Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against such action, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. 
 U.S. and international legislative and regulatory changes in the healthcare industry could have a negative impact on our financial performance. 
 Changes in the healthcare industry in the U.S. and abroad could adversely affect the demand for our products and the way in which we conduct our business. For example, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the ACA), enacted in 2010, required most individuals to have health insurance, established new regulations on health plans, created insurance-pooling mechanisms and reduced Medicare spending on services provided by hospitals and other providers. The long-term viability of the ACA, and its impact on our business and results of operations, remains uncertain. There have also been U.S. Congressional actions to repeal and replace the ACA, and future actions are expected. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA), among other things, eliminated the individual mandate requiring most Americans (other than those who qualify for a hardship exemption) to carry a minimum level of health coverage effective January 1, 2019. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Although we cannot predict the ultimate content or timing of any healthcare reform legislation or other court challenges to the ACA, potential changes resulting from any amendment, repeal, replacement or invalidation of these programs, including any reduction in the future availability of healthcare insurance benefits, may decrease the number of people who are insured, which could adversely affect our business and future results of operations. 
 Our medical devices and business activities are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and other federal, state and international governmental authorities. These authorities and members of Congress have been increasing their scrutiny over the medical device industry. In recent years, Congress, the Department of Justice, the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Defense have issued subpoenas and other requests for information to medical device manufacturers, primarily related to financial arrangements with healthcare providers, regulatory compliance and marketing and product promotional practices. Furthermore, certain state governments have enacted legislation to limit and/or increase transparency of interactions with healthcare providers, pursuant to which we are required by law to disclose payments and other transfers of value to healthcare providers licensed by certain states. 
 We anticipate that the government will continue to scrutinize the healthcare industry closely, and any new regulations or statutory provisions could result in delays or increased costs during the periods of product development, clinical trials and regulatory review and approval, as well as increased costs to assure compliance. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 We may experience conflicts of interest with Cercacor with respect to business opportunities and other matters. 
 Prior to our initial public offering in August 2007, our stockholders owned 99 of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Cercacor, and we believe that a number of our stockholders, including certain of our directors and executive officers, continue to own shares of Cercacor stock. Joe Kiani, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO), is also the Chairman and CEO of Cercacor. 
 Due to the interrelated nature of Cercacor with us, conflicts of interest may arise with respect to transactions involving business dealings between us and Cercacor, potential acquisitions of businesses or products, the development and ownership of technologies and products, the sale of products, markets and other matters in which our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders may conflict with the best interests of the stockholders of Cercacor. In addition, we and Cercacor may disagree regarding the interpretation of certain terms in the Cross-Licensing Agreement. We cannot guarantee that any conflict of interest will be resolved in our favor, or that, with respect to our transactions with Cercacor, we will negotiate terms that are as favorable to us as if such transactions were with another third-party. 
 We will be required to assign to Cercacor and pay Cercacor for the right to use certain products and technologies we develop that relate to the monitoring of non-vital sign parameters, including improvements to Masimo SET . 
 Under the Cross-Licensing Agreement, if we develop certain products or technologies that relate to the noninvasive monitoring of non-vital sign parameters, including improvements to Masimo SET for the noninvasive monitoring of non-vital sign parameters, we would be required to assign these developments to Cercacor and then license the technology back from Cercacor in consideration for upfront payments and royalty obligations to Cercacor. Therefore, these products and technologies would be deemed to have been developed or improved exclusively by Cercacor. 
 In addition, we will not be reimbursed by Cercacor for our expenses relating to the development or improvement of any such products or technologies, which expenses may be significant. As a result of these terms, we may not generate any revenue from the further development of certain products and technologies for the monitoring of non-vital sign parameters, including improvements to Masimo SET , which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In the event that the Cross-Licensing Agreement is terminated for any reason, or Cercacor grants a license to rainbow technology to a third-party, our business would be adversely affected. 
 Cercacor owns all of the proprietary rights to certain rainbow technology developed with our proprietary Masimo SET for products intended to be used in the Cercacor Market , and all rights to any non-vital signs measurement for which we do not exercise an option pursuant to the Cross-Licensing Agreement. In addition, Cercacor has the right to terminate the Cross-Licensing Agreement or grant licenses covering rainbow technology to third-parties if we breach certain terms of the agreement, including any failure to meet our minimum royalty payment obligations or failure to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop or market products incorporating licensed rainbow technology. If we lose our exclusive license to rainbow technology, we would lose the ability to prevent others from making, using, selling or importing products using rainbow technology in our market. As a result, we would likely be subject to increased competition within our market, and Cercacor or competitors who obtain a license to rainbow technology from Cercacor would be able to offer related products. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to commercialize our products incorporating licensed rainbow technology cost-effectively or successfully. 
 As a result of the royalties that we must pay to Cercacor, it is generally more expensive for us to make products that incorporate licensed rainbow technology than products that do not include licensed rainbow technology. 
 Accordingly, we may not be able to sell products incorporating licensed rainbow technology at a price the market is willing to accept. If we cannot commercialize our products incorporating licensed rainbow technology successfully, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue from these products to be profitable, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Rights provided to Cercacor in the Cross-Licensing Agreement may impede a change in control of our company. 
 Under the Cross-Licensing Agreement, a change in control includes the resignation or termination of Joe Kiani from his position as CEO of either Masimo or Cercacor. A change in control also includes other customary events, such as the sale or merger of Masimo or Cercacor to a non-affiliated third-party or the acquisition of 50 or more of the voting power of Masimo or Cercacor by a non-affiliated third-party. Among other things, the Cross-Licensing Agreement provides that if the surviving or acquiring entity ceases to use Masimo as a company name and trademark following a change in control, all rights to the Masimo trademark will automatically be assigned to Cercacor. This could delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control of us, including transactions in which our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over our then-current trading price. In addition, our requirement to assign all future improvements for non-vital signs to Cercacor could impede a change in control of our company. 
 If we are unable to obtain key materials and components from sole or limited source suppliers, we will not be able to deliver our products to customers. 
 We depend on certain sole or limited source suppliers for certain key materials and components, including digital signal processor chips and analog-to-digital converter chips for certain products. These suppliers are located around the world, and the production and shipment of such materials and components may be constrained globally due to freight carrier delays and other disruptions to the supply chain. We may experience manufacturing problems related to these suppliers and other outside sources if such suppliers fail to develop, manufacture or ship products and components to us on a timely basis, or provide us with products and components that do not meet our quality standards and required quantities. We have experienced supply constraints with regard to certain digital signal processor chips and other components during the COVID-19 pandemic, which adversely affected our sales during 2022, and may adversely affect our future sales. In addition, from time to time there have been industry-wide shortages of certain components that we use in certain products. We may also experience price increases for materials, components and shipping with no guarantee that such increases can be passed along to our customers, which could adversely impact our gross margins. 
 If any of these problems occur, we may be unable to obtain substitute sources for these products and components on a timely basis or on terms acceptable to us, which could harm our ability to manufacture our own products and components profitably or on time. 
 Future strategic initiatives, including acquisitions of businesses and strategic investments, could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations if we fail to integrate the acquired businesses and their employees successfully into our existing operations or achieve the desired results of our initiatives. 
 We have acquired several businesses since our inception and we may acquire additional businesses in the future. For example, on April 11, 2022, we completed our acquisition of Sound United. In connection with the Sound United Acquisition, we entered into a new credit facility to partially fund the acquisition. Future acquisitions may require additional debt or equity financing, which could be dilutive to our existing stockholders or reduce our earnings per share or other financial metrics. Even if we complete acquisitions, there are many factors that could affect whether such acquisition, including our acquisition of Sound United, will be beneficial to our business, including, without limitation: 
 payment of above-market prices for acquisitions and higher than anticipated acquisition costs; 
 issuance of common stock as part of the acquisition price or a need to issue stock options or other equity-based compensation to newly-hired employees of target companies, resulting in dilution of ownership to our existing stockholders; 
 reduced profitability if an acquisition is not accretive to our business over either the short-term or the long-term; 
 difficulties in integrating any acquired companies, personnel, products and other assets into our existing business; 
 delays in realizing the benefits of the acquired company, products or other assets; 
 regulatory challenges and becoming subject to additional regulatory requirements; 
 46 

Table of Contents 

cybersecurity and compliance-related issues; 
 diversion of our management s time and attention from other business concerns; 
 limited or no direct prior experience in new markets or countries we may enter; 
 unanticipated issues dealing with unfamiliar suppliers, service providers or other collaborators of the acquired company; 
 higher costs of integration than we anticipated; 
 write-downs or impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets associated with the acquired company; 
 difficulties in retaining key employees of the acquired business who are necessary to manage these acquisitions; 
 negative impacts on our relationships with our employees, clients, customers or collaborators; 
 intellectual property and other litigation, other claims or liabilities in connection with the acquisition; and 
 changes in the overall financial model as certain acquired companies may have a different revenue, gross profit margin or operating expense profile. 
 Further, our ability to benefit from future acquisitions and/or external strategic investments depends on our ability to successfully conduct due diligence, negotiate acceptable terms, evaluate prospective opportunities and bring acquired technologies and/or products to market at acceptable margins and operating expense levels. For example, we acquired TNI medical AG (TNI and added softFlow technology to our product portfolio. In addition, we acquired LiDCO Group, Plc, which specializes in hemodynamic monitoring solutions. As these are our first therapeutic and hemodynamic monitoring solutions, the integration of these technologies may require substantial management time and attention and may divert attention and resources from other important areas, including our existing business and product lines, and we may not be able to sell softFlow technology and hemodynamic monitoring solutions at acceptable margins and operating expense levels. Our failure in any of these tasks could result in unforeseen liabilities associated with an acquired company, acquiring a company on unfavorable terms or selecting and eventually acquiring a suboptimal acquisition target. 
 We may also discover deficiencies in internal controls, data adequacy and integrity, product quality, regulatory compliance, product liabilities or other undisclosed liabilities that we did not uncover prior to our acquisition or investment, which could result in us becoming subject to penalties, other liabilities or asset impairments. In addition, if we do not achieve the anticipated benefits of an acquisition or other external investment as rapidly as expected, or at all, investors or analysts may downgrade our stock. 
 We also expect to continue to carry out internal strategic initiatives that we believe are necessary to grow our revenues and expand our business, both in the U.S. and abroad. For example, we have continued to invest in international expansion programs designed to increase our worldwide presence and take advantage of market expansion opportunities around the world. Although we believe our investments in these initiatives continue to be in the long-term best interests of Masimo and our stockholders, there are no assurances that such initiatives will yield favorable results for us. Accordingly, if these initiatives are not successful, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 If these risks materialize, our stock price could be materially adversely affected. Any difficulties in the integration of acquired businesses or unexpected penalties, liabilities or asset impairments in connection with such acquisitions or investments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Our new products and changes to existing products as a result of our acquisition of Sound United could fail to attract or retain users or generate revenue and profits. Further, we may not be successful in our non-healthcare expansion, which could adversely affect our business, reputation or financial results. 
 In connection with the Sound United Acquisition, we have expanded our business and product strategy to additionally focus on non-healthcare consumer products to integrate with our successful medical technology businesses. Further, we may introduce certain changes to our existing healthcare products or introduce new and unproven products. Prior to the Sound United Acquisition, we did not have significant experience with consumer hardware products, and Sound United does not have experience with healthcare products, which may adversely affect our ability to successfully develop and market these products and technologies and integrate them with our existing products and platforms. We expect this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term strategic initiative that will involve the development of new and emerging technologies, continued investment in medical technology and consumer products, and collaboration with other companies, developers, partners and other participants. However, our non-healthcare business may not develop in accordance with our vision and expectations, and market acceptance of features, products or services we build for our consumer business may be uncertain. We may be unsuccessful in our research and product development efforts, including if we are unable to develop relationships with key participants in the consumer products business. Our new strategic efforts may also divert resources and management attention from other areas of our business. In addition, as our non-healthcare business continues to evolve, we may be subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the U.S. and international jurisdictions, which we were not previously affected by, including in the areas of privacy, which may delay or impede the development of our products and services, increase our operating costs, require significant management time and attention, or otherwise harm our business. As a result of these or other factors, our non-healthcare expansion and investments may not be successful in the foreseeable future, or at all, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. 
 Our credit facility contains certain covenants and restrictions that may limit our flexibility in operating our business. 
 Our credit facility contains various affirmative covenants and restrictions that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions, including: 
 incurring specified types of additional indebtedness, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any additional debt or equity financing at the time needed or that such financing will be available on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us (including guarantees or other contingent obligations); 
 paying dividends on, repurchasing or making distributions in respect of our common stock or making other restricted payments, subject to specified exceptions; 
 making specified investments (including loans and advances); 
 selling or transferring certain assets; 
 creating certain liens; 
 consolidating, merging, selling or otherwise disposing of all or substantially all of our assets; and 
 entering into certain transactions with any of our affiliates. 
 In addition, under our credit facility, we are required to satisfy and maintain specified financial ratios and other customary affirmative and negative covenants. Our ability to meet those financial ratios and affirmative and negative covenants could be affected by events beyond our control and, therefore, we cannot be assured that we will be able to continue to satisfy these requirements. A breach of any of these ratios or covenants could result in a default under our credit facility. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the Lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under our credit facility immediately due and payable, terminate all commitments to extend further credit and pursue legal remedies for recovery, all of which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. See Note 15, Debt to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our credit facility. 
 Further, if we do not achieve the anticipated benefits from the Sound United Acquisition, our ability to service our indebtedness may be adversely impacted. Even if we achieve the anticipated benefits from the acquisition, we may be required to raise substantial additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, or other general corporate purposes. Our ability to arrange additional financing and make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness will depend on our future performance, which will be subject to general economic, financial, and business conditions as well as other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Stock 
 Concentration of ownership of our stock among our existing directors, executive officers and principal stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our current directors and executive officers and their affiliates, in the aggregate, beneficially owned approximately 9.8 of our outstanding stock. Subject to any fiduciary duties owed to our other stockholders under Delaware law, these stockholders may be able to exercise significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, and will have some control over our management and policies in their roles as stockholders. Some of these persons or entities may have interests that are different from yours. For example, these stockholders may support proposals and actions with which you may disagree or which are not in your best interests. 
 The concentration of ownership could delay or prevent a change in control of us, or otherwise discourage a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce the price of our stock. 
 In addition, these stockholders could use their voting influence to maintain our existing management and directors in office or support or reject other management and Board proposals that are subject to stockholder approval, such as amendments to our employee stock plans and approvals of significant financing transactions. 
 Our corporate documents, Delaware law and our stockholder rights plan contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company, prevent attempts to replace or remove current management and reduce the market price of our stock. 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition involving us that our stockholders may consider favorable. For example, our certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board to issue up to 5.0 million shares of blank check preferred stock. As a result, without further stockholder approval, our Board has the authority to attach special rights, including voting and dividend rights, to this preferred stock, including pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, such as those underlying the Rights Agreement we adopted on September 9, 2022. The Rights Agreement may have the effect of discouraging or preventing a change in control by, among other things, making it uneconomical for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our Board. With these rights, preferred stockholders could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us. The rights of holders of common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any such class or series of preferred stock that may be issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement. 
 In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides for a staggered Board, whereby directors serve for three-year terms, with one-third of the directors coming up for reelection each year. A staggered Board will make it more difficult for a third-party to obtain control of our Board through a proxy contest, which may be a necessary step in an acquisition of us that is not favored by our Board. 
 We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). Under these provisions, if anyone becomes an interested stockholder, we may not enter into a business combination with that person for three years without special approval, which could discourage a third party from making a takeover offer and could delay or prevent a change in control of us. For purposes of these provisions, an interested stockholder generally means someone owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock or an affiliate of ours that owned 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock during the past three years, subject to certain exceptions as described in the DGCL. 
 Shareholder activism could cause us to incur significant expense, disrupt our business, result in a proxy contest or litigation and impact our stock price. 
 We have been subject to shareholder activism and may be subject to such activism in the future, which could result in substantial costs and divert management s and our Board s attention and resources from our business. Such shareholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our relationships with our employees, customers, or suppliers, make it more difficult to attract and retain key personnel, and result in a change in control pursuant to the employment agreement between us and Joe Kiani, our Chairman and CEO. We may be required to incur significant fees and other expenses related to activist shareholder matters, including for third-party advisors. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

We may be subjected to a proxy contest or to litigation by activist investors, including litigation related to the Rights Agreement adopted on September 9, 2022. For example, on October 21, 2022, a complaint was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery against us and members of our Board (Director Defendant) by Politan Capital Management LP and Politan Capital NY LLC (Activist Plaintiffs). The complaint seeks relief to (i) declare certain amendments to our bylaws that became effective on September 9, 2022 (Bylaw Amendments) unenforceable, (ii) find that our Board breached their fiduciary duties by approving and implementing the Bylaw Amendments and the shareholder rights plan adopted by us on September 9, 2022, and refusing to invalidate certain change in control provisions in our employment agreement with Joe Kiani, our CEO (iii) invalidate certain change in control provisions in Mr. Kiani s employment agreement, (iv) permanently enjoin us and our Board from taking any actions to prevent the Activist Plaintiffs from exercising their rights in accordance with our prior bylaws to nominate directors, and (v) award the Activist Plaintiffs their fees, costs and expenses in connection with the action covered by the complaint. In response to the complaint, on October 24, 2022, we filed a counterclaim, answer and defense against the Activist Plaintiffs, seeking relief to (a) have the court declare that the Bylaw Amendments are valid and enforceable and that we are permitted to invalidate any director nominations by the Activist Plaintiffs that are not made in accordance with the amended bylaws and (b) award us reasonable costs, including attorneys fees and expenses. On October 28, 2022, the Activist Plaintiffs filed a counterclaim and answer generally denying substantially all of the allegations raised in our counterclaim and raising a number of affirmative defenses against our counterclaim. On February 5, 2023,we withdrew the Bylaw Amendments. 
 We believe that we and the Director Defendants have good and substantial defenses to the Activist Plaintiffs claims (including those raised in their counterclaim), but there is no guarantee that we and the Director Defendants will prevail. Our stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties related to any shareholder activism. 
 Exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our bylaws provide that the state or federal courts located within the State of Delaware are the sole and exclusive forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees or stockholders to our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. However, this choice of forum provision does not apply to (a) actions in which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware concludes that an indispensable party is not subject to the jurisdiction of Delaware courts, or (b) actions in which a federal court has assumed exclusive jurisdiction to a proceeding. This choice of forum provision is not intended to apply to any actions brought under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees or stockholders, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees or stockholders. 
 Furthermore, the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 We may experience significant fluctuations in our periodic financial results and may not maintain our current levels of profitability in the future. 
 Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future. Many of the countries in which we operate, including the U.S. and several of the members of the EU, have experienced and continue to experience uncertain economic conditions resulting from global as well as local factors. In addition, continuing uncertainty in the U.S. economy may result in continued inflationary pressures globally and in the U.S. in particular, which may contribute to future interest rate volatility. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Our business or financial results may be adversely impacted by these uncertain economic conditions, including: adverse changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, tax laws or tax rates; inflation; contraction in the availability of credit in the marketplace due to legislation or other economic conditions, which may potentially impair our ability to access the capital markets on terms acceptable to us or at all; changes in consumer spending during a recession; and the effects of government initiatives to manage economic conditions. 
 We are also unable to predict how changing global economic conditions or potential global health concerns such as the COVID-19 pandemic will affect our critical customers, suppliers and distributors. Any negative impact of such matters on our critical customers, suppliers or distributors may also have an adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Our expense levels are based, in part, on our expectations regarding future revenue levels and are relatively fixed in the short-term. 
 As a result, if our revenue for a particular period was below our expectations, we would not be able to proportionately reduce our operating expenses for that period. Any revenue shortfall would have a disproportionately negative effect on our operating results for the period. 
 In addition, the methods, estimates and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies are, by their nature, subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Factors may arise over time that lead us to change our methods, estimates and judgments, the impact of which could significantly affect our results of operations. See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates contained in Part I, Item 2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Recent accounting changes related to our embedded leases within certain deferred equipment agreements have also resulted in the acceleration of the timing related to our recognition of revenue and expenses associated with certain equipment provided to healthcare customers at no up-front charge. Since we cannot control the timing of when our customers will request us to deliver such equipment, our revenue and costs with respect to leased equipment could vary substantially in any given quarter or year, which could further increase quarterly or annual fluctuations within our financial results. 
 Due to these and other factors, you should not rely on our results for any one quarter as an indication of our future performance. If our operating results fail to meet or exceed the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could drop suddenly and significantly. 
 A regional or global recession and other negative macro-economic trends could adversely affect our consumer business. 
 Our consumer products are generally considered non-essential, discretionary products. As such, many of these products can be especially sensitive to general downturns in the economy. Negative macroeconomic conditions, such as high inflation, recession, changes to monetary policy, increasing interest rates and decreasing consumer confidence can adversely impact demand for these products, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Future changes in accounting pronouncements and tax laws, or the interpretation thereof, could have a significant impact on our reported results, and may affect our historical reporting of previous transactions. 
 New accounting pronouncements or taxation rules, and evolving interpretations thereof, have occurred and are likely to occur in the future. Future changes made by new accounting standards may apply prospectively or retrospectively, depending on the method of adoption, and may recast previously reported results. For additional information related to the impact of new accounting pronouncements, please see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In addition, future changes to the U.S. tax code and its regulations could have a material impact on our effective tax rate and the implementation of these changes could require us to make substantial changes to our business practices, allocate resources, and increase our costs, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our retirement and post-retirement pension benefit plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect our future results of operations and cash flows. 
 We sponsor several defined benefit plans with post-retirement benefits to certain employees in certain international markets. These defined benefit plans are funded with trust assets invested in a diversified portfolio of securities and other investments. Changes in interest rates, mortality rates, early retirement rates, investment returns, discount rates and the market value of plan assets could affect the funded status of our defined benefit plan and post-retirement benefit obligations, causing volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and future funding requirements of the plans. A significant increase in our obligations or future funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows from operations. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

If we lose the services of our key personnel, or if we are unable to attract and retain other key personnel, we may not be able to manage our operations or meet our growth objectives. 
 We are highly dependent on our senior management, especially Joe Kiani, our CEO, and other key officers. We are also heavily dependent on our engineers and field sales team, including sales representatives and clinical specialists. We believe certain of our competitors with greater financial resources than us have targeted our key personnel for recruitment and will likely continue to do so in the future. To the extent that key personnel depart, we may be required to bring on new hires that require training and take time before they achieve full productivity. New employees may not become as productive as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals. The loss of the services of members of our key personnel or the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future could prevent the implementation and completion of our objectives, including the development and introduction of our products. In general, our key personnel may terminate their employment at any time and for any reason without notice, unless the individual is a participant in our 2007 Severance Protection Plan, in which case the individual has agreed to provide us with six months notice if such individual decides to voluntarily resign. We do not maintain any key person life insurance policies with respect to any of our key personnel. 
 In addition, regulation or legislation impacting the workforce, such as the proposed rule published by the Federal Trade Commission which would, if issued, generally prevent employers from entering into non-compete with employees and require employers to rescind existing non-competes, may lead to increased uncertainty in hiring and competition for talent. 
 We are involved, and may become involved in the future, in disputes and other legal or regulatory proceedings that, if adversely decided or settled, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are, and may in the future become, party to litigation, regulatory proceedings or other disputes. In general, claims made by or against us in disputes and other legal or regulatory proceedings can be expensive and time-consuming to bring or defend against, requiring us to expend significant resources and divert the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel from our business operations. These potential claims may include, but are not limited to personal injury and class action lawsuits, intellectual property claims and regulatory investigations relating to the advertising and promotional claims about our products and employee claims against us based on, among other things, discrimination, harassment or wrongful termination. In addition, we may become subject to claims against companies we acquire based on circumstances arising prior to the acquisition, and the sellers of the acquired company may have no obligation to reimburse us for any resulting damages or expenses. Any litigation, proceedings or dispute, even those without merit, may divert our financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit the future performance of our operations. Any adverse determination against us in these proceedings, or even the allegations contained in the claims, regardless of whether they are ultimately found to be without merit, may also result in settlements, injunctions or damages that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes to government immigration regulations may materially affect our workforce and limit our supply of qualified professionals, or increase our cost of securing workers. 
 We recruit professionals on a global basis and must comply with the immigration laws in the countries in which we operate, including the U.S. Some of our employees are working under Masimo-sponsored temporary work visas, including H1-B visas. Statutory law limits the number of new H1-B temporary work permit petitions that may be approved in a fiscal year. Furthermore, there is a possibility that the current U.S. immigration visa program may be significantly overhauled, and the number of H1-B visas available, as well as the process to obtain them, may be subject to significant change. Any resulting changes to this visa program could impact our ability to recruit, hire and retain qualified skilled personnel. If we are unable to obtain work visas in sufficient quantities or at a sufficient rate for a significant period of time, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 The risks inherent in operating internationally, including the purchase, sale and shipment of our components and products across international borders, may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We currently derive approximately 45 of our net sales from international operations. In addition, we purchase a portion of our raw materials and components from international sources. The sale and shipment of our products across international borders, as well as the purchase of materials and components from international sources, subject us to extensive U.S. and foreign governmental trade regulations, including those related to duties, tariffs and conflict minerals. Compliance with such regulations is costly and we could be exposed to potentially significant penalties, fines and interest if we are found not to be in compliance with such regulations. Any failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations could impact us in a variety of ways that include, but are not limited to, significant criminal, civil and administrative penalties, including imprisonment of individuals, fines and penalties, denial of export privileges, seizure of shipments, restrictions on certain business activities, and exclusion or debarment from government contracting. We have historically engaged in transactions with entities related to or located in countries subject to certain U.S. export restrictions. For example, we have had sales of medical products destined for Iran. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

In addition, changes in policy in the U.S. and other countries regarding international trade, including import and export regulation and international trade agreements, could negatively impact our business. In recent years, the U.S. has imposed tariffs on goods imported from China and certain other countries, which has resulted in retaliatory tariffs by China and other countries. Changes or uncertainty in tariffs or further retaliatory trade measures taken by China or other countries in response could affect the demand for our products and services, impact the competitive position of our products, prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries or otherwise adversely impact our results of operations. The implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs or new barriers to entry, could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, our international operations expose us and our representatives, agents and distributors to risks inherent in operating in foreign jurisdictions. These risks include, but are not limited to: 
 the imposition of additional U.S. and foreign governmental controls or regulations; 
 the imposition of costly and lengthy new export licensing requirements; 
 a shortage of high-quality sales people and distributors; 
 the loss of any key personnel who possess proprietary knowledge, or who are otherwise important to our success in certain international markets; 
 changes in duties and tariffs, license obligations and other non-tariff barriers to trade; 
 the imposition of new trade restrictions; 
 the imposition of restrictions on the activities of foreign agents, representatives and distributors; 
 compliance with foreign tax laws, regulations and requirements; 
 pricing pressure; 
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 laws and business practices favoring local companies; 
 political instability and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts, including the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia and the global impact of restrictions and sanctions imposed on Russia; 
 financial and civil unrest worldwide; 
 outbreaks of illnesses, pandemics or other local or global health issues; 
 the inability to collect amounts paid by foreign government customers to our appointed foreign agents; 
 longer payment cycles, increased credit risk and different collection remedies with respect to receivables; and 
 difficulties in enforcing or defending intellectual property rights. 
 The U.S. government initiated substantial changes in U.S. trade policy and U.S. trade agreements, including tariffs on certain foreign goods. In response to these tariffs, certain foreign governments instituted or are considering imposing tariffs on certain U.S. goods. In addition, the U.S. has negotiated new trade agreements that could impact us, including the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), which went into force on July 1, 2020 and replaced the North American Free Trade Agreement. A trade war, trade barriers or other governmental actions related to tariffs, international trade agreements, import or export restrictions or other trade policies could adversely impact demand for our products, our costs, customers, suppliers and/or the U.S. economy or certain sectors thereof and, therefore, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from promising or making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining an advantage to secure or retain business. Because of the predominance of government-sponsored healthcare systems around the world, many of our customer relationships outside of the U.S. are with governmental entities and are therefore subject to such anti-bribery laws. We have adopted policies and practices that help us ensure compliance with these anti-bribery laws. However, such policies and practice may require us to invest in additional monitoring resources or forgo certain business opportunities in order to ensure global compliance with these laws. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Although these activities have not been financially material to our business, financial condition or results of operations, and were undertaken in accordance with general licenses authorizing such activities issued by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, we may not be successful in ensuring compliance with limitations or restrictions on business in Iran or any other countries subject to economic sanctions and embargoes imposed by the U.S. Also, the failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations could result in the disruption of our shipping, manufacturing and sales activities. Any material decrease in our international sales would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our operations may be adversely impacted by our exposure to risks related to foreign currency exchange rates. 
 We market our products in certain foreign markets through our subsidiaries and other international distributors. As a result, events that result in global economic uncertainty could significantly affect our results of operations in the form of gains and losses on foreign currency transactions and potential devaluation of the local currencies of our customers relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 While a majority of our sales are transacted in U.S. Dollars, some of our sales agreements with foreign customers provide for payment in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. These foreign currency revenues, when converted into U.S. Dollars, can vary depending on the approximation of the exchange rates applied during a respective period. Similarly, certain of our foreign subsidiaries transact business in their respective country s local currency, which is also their functional currency. In addition, certain production costs related to our manufacturing operations are denominated in local currency. As a result, expenses of these foreign subsidiaries and certain production costs, when converted into U.S. Dollars, can vary depending on average monthly exchange rates during a respective period. 
 We are also exposed to foreign currency gains or losses on outstanding foreign currency denominated receivables and payables, as well as cash deposits. When converted to U.S. Dollars, these receivables, payables and cash deposits can vary depending on the monthly exchange rates at the end of the period. In addition, certain intercompany transactions may give rise to realized and unrealized foreign currency gains or losses based on the currency underlying such intercompany transactions. Accordingly, our operating results are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 The balance sheets of our foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. Dollar are translated into U.S. Dollars at the rate of exchange at the balance sheet date and the statements of operations and cash flows are translated into U.S. Dollars using an approximation of the average monthly exchange rates applicable during the period. Any foreign currency exchange gain or loss as a result of translating the balance sheets of our foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. Dollar is included in equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 We currently do not hedge our foreign currency exchange rate risk. As a result, changes in foreign exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For additional information related to our foreign currency exchange rate risk, please see Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in Part I, Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We currently manufacture our products at a limited number of locations and any disruption to, expansion of, or changes in trade programs related to such manufacturing operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Mexico, Asia and Europe that may be affected by natural or man-made disasters. Earthquakes are of particular significance since some of our facilities are located in earthquake-prone areas. We are also vulnerable to damage from other types of disasters, including power loss, attacks from extremist or terrorist organizations, epidemics, communication failures, fire, floods, hurricanes and similar events. Our facilities and the manufacturing equipment we use to produce our products would be difficult to replace and could require substantial time to repair if significant damage were to result from any of these occurrences. 
 If one of our manufacturing facilities was affected by a natural or man-made disaster, we would be forced to rely on third-party manufacturers if we could not shift production to our other manufacturing facilities. Furthermore, our insurance for damage to our property and the disruption of our business from casualties may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If the lease for any of our leased facilities is terminated, we are unable to renew any of our leases or we are otherwise forced to seek alternative facilities, or if we voluntarily expand one or more of our manufacturing operations to new locations, we may incur additional transition costs and experience a disruption in the supply of our products until the new facilities are available and operating. Additionally, we have occasionally experienced seasonality and other shortages among our manufacturing workforce, and if we continue to experience such seasonality or other workforce shortages or otherwise have issues retaining employees or contractors at our manufacturing facilities, we may not be able to meet our customers demands. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Our global manufacturing and distribution are dependent upon our manufacturing facilities in multiple countries, and the expedient importation of raw materials and exportation of finished goods between these facilities. Undue delays and/or closures of cross-border transit facilities, or any restrictions by local governments related to the movement of goods to or from the U.S., may adversely affect our ability to fulfill orders and supply our customers, as well as adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 In addition, delays and closures of shipping ports, or ports of entry into and out of the U.S., including as a result of labor strikes or shortages, may delay our ability to fulfill order and supply of our non-healthcare consumer products, which could also adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our manufacturing facilities in Mexico are authorized to operate under the Mexican Maquiladora (IMMEX) program. The IMMEX program allows us to import certain items from the U.S. into Mexico duty-free, provided that such items, after processing, are exported from Mexico within a stipulated timeframe. Maquiladora status, which is renewed periodically, is subject to various restrictions and requirements, including compliance with the terms of the IMMEX program and other local regulations. Failure to comply with the IMMEX program regulations, including any changes thereto, could increase our manufacturing costs and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 If we do not accurately forecast customer demand, we may hold suboptimal inventory levels that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to meet the demand of our customers, our customers may cancel orders or purchase products from our competitors, which could reduce our revenue and gross profit margin. Conversely, if product demand decreases, we may be unable to timely adjust our manufacturing cost structure, resulting in excess capacity, which would lower gross product margins. Similarly, if we are unable to forecast demand accurately, we could be required to record charges related to excess or obsolete inventory, which would also lower our gross margin. 
 In addition, we may experience seasonal demand for our non-healthcare products and demand for such products could decrease significantly during a recession. Any shortfalls in expected revenue due to a mismatch in supply of and demand for our products could cause our operating results to suffer significantly. 
 If we fail to comply with the reporting obligations of the Exchange Act or if we fail to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting, our business, results of operations and financial condition and investors confidence in us could be adversely affected. 
 We are required to prepare and disclose certain information under the Exchange Act, in a timely manner and meet our reporting obligations in their entirety, and our failure to do so could subject us to penalties under federal securities laws and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, expose us to lawsuits and restrict our ability to access financing on favorable terms, or at all. 
 If we fail to maintain adequate internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover, any material weakness in our internal control environment could result in the loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which in turn could harm our business, negatively impact the trading price of our stock, and adversely affect investors confidence in our company and our ability to access capital markets for financing. 
 Changing laws and increasingly complex corporate governance and public disclosure requirements could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act), the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act, the UK Modern Slavery Act and new regulations issued by the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, have created, and will create, additional compliance requirements for us. For example, the Dodd-Frank Act includes provisions regarding, among other things, advisory votes on named executive officer compensation and conflict minerals reporting. Complying with these rules and regulations has increased and will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may also need to hire additional employees or engage outside consultants to comply with these requirements, which will increase our costs and expenses. To maintain high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure, we have invested in, and intend to continue to invest in, reasonably necessary resources to comply with evolving standards. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

In addition, stockholder litigation surrounding executive compensation and disclosure of executive compensation has increased with the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act. Furthermore, our stockholders in certain instances have not approved our advisory vote on named executive officer compensation that is being voted on by our stockholders annually pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act. If we are involved in a lawsuit related to compensation matters or any other matters not covered by our directors and officers liability insurance, we may incur significant expenses in defending against such lawsuits, or be subject to significant fines or required to take significant remedial actions, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If product liability claims are brought against us, we could face substantial liability and costs. 
 Our products expose us to product liability claims and product recalls, including, but not limited to, those that may arise from unauthorized off-label use, malfunctions, design flaws or manufacturing defects related to our products or the use of our products with incompatible components or systems. In addition, as we continue to expand our product portfolio, we may enter or create new markets, including consumer markets, which may expose us to additional product liability risks. For example, with our previous acquisition of TNI , we added softFlow technology to our product portfolio. While this technology provides efficient, quiet and comfortable respiratory support to patients, it may present increased risk of infection to caregivers. In addition, with the Sound United Acquisition, we added multiple broadly distributed premium audio brands to our product portfolio and significantly expanded our consumer base worldwide, which could expose us to increased product liability claims. 
 We cannot be certain that our product liability insurance will be sufficient to cover any or all damages for product liability claims that may be brought against us in the future. Furthermore, we may not be able to obtain or maintain insurance in the future at satisfactory rates or in adequate amounts to protect us against any product liability claims. 
 Additionally, the laws and regulations regarding product liability are constantly evolving, both through the passage of new legislation at the state and federal levels and through new interpretations of existing legislation. For example, in February 2017, the Washington Supreme Court determined that, under the Washington Product Liability Act, medical device manufacturers have a duty to warn hospitals of any potential risks posed by their products. As the legal and regulatory landscape surrounding product liability change, we may become exposed to greater liability than currently anticipated. 
 Any losses that we may suffer from product liability claims, and the effect that any product liability litigation may have upon the reputation and marketability of our technology and products, together with the corresponding diversion of the attention of our key employees, may subject us to significant damages and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may incur environmental and personal injury liabilities related to certain hazardous materials used in our operations. 
 Certain manufacturing processes for our products may involve the storage, use, generation and disposal of certain hazardous materials and wastes, including silicone adhesives, solder and solder paste, sealants, epoxies and various solvents such as methyl ethyl ketone, acetone and isopropyl alcohol. As a result, we are subject to certain environmental laws, as well as certain other laws and regulations, that restrict the materials that can be used in our products or in our manufacturing processes. For example, products that we sell in Europe are subject to regulation in the EU markets under the Restriction of the Use of Hazardous Substances Directive (RoHS). RoHS prohibits companies from selling products that contain certain hazardous materials in EU member states. In addition, the EU s Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals Directive also restricts substances of very high concern in products. Compliance with such regulations may be costly and, therefore, we may incur significant costs to comply with these laws and regulations. 
 In addition, new environmental laws may further affect how we manufacture our products, how we use, generate or dispose of hazardous materials and waste, or further affect what materials can be used in our products. Any required changes to our operations or products may increase our manufacturing costs, detrimentally impact the performance of our products, add greater testing lead-times for product introductions or have other similar effects. 
 In connection with our research and manufacturing activities, we use, and our employees may be exposed to, materials that are hazardous to human health, safety or the environment. The risk of accidental injury to our employees or contamination from these materials cannot be eliminated, and we could be held liable for any resulting damages, the related liability for which could exceed our reserves. We do not specifically insure against environmental liabilities. If an enforcement action were to occur, our reputation and our business and financial condition may be harmed, even if we were to prevail or settle the action on terms favorable to us. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

We rely significantly on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any cybersecurity incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively. 
 Increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, cybersecurity threats and sophisticated and targeted cybersecurity attacks pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks, including the confidentiality, availability and integrity of any underlying information and data, and those of our customers, partners, suppliers and third-party service providers. Our ability to effectively manage and maintain our internal business information, and to ship products to customers and invoice them on a timely basis, depends significantly on our enterprise resource planning system and other information systems. 
 Portions of our information technology systems may experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with ongoing systems implementation work. In addition, interfaces between our products and our customers computer networks could provide additional opportunities for cybersecurity attacks on us and our customers. The techniques used to attack computer systems are sophisticated, change frequently and may originate from less regulated and remote areas of the world. Cybersecurity attacks in particular are evolving and include, but are not limited to: threats, malicious software, ransomware, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, misappropriation of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. As a result, there can be no assurance that our protective measures will prevent or detect security breaches that could have a significant impact on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The failure of these systems to operate or integrate effectively with other internal, customer, supplier or third-party service provider systems and to protect the underlying information technology system and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions or other breaches or unauthorized access of these systems, or any failure by us to remediate any such attacks or breaches, may also result in damage to our reputation or competitiveness, delays in product fulfillment and reduced efficiency of our operations, and could require significant capital investments to remediate any such failure, problem or breach, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on the global economy, energy supplies and raw materials is uncertain, but may prove to negatively impact our business and operations. 
 The short and long-term implications of Russia s invasion of Ukraine are difficult to predict at this time. We continue to monitor any adverse impact that the outbreak of war in Ukraine and the subsequent institution of sanctions against Russia by the U.S. and several European and Asian countries may have on the global economy in general, on our business and operations and on the businesses and operations of our suppliers and customers. For example, a prolonged conflict may result in challenges associated with timely receipt of customer payments and banking transactions, increased inflation, escalating energy prices and constrained availability, and thus increasing costs of raw materials. In addition, as a result of the current conflict, we have stopped selling non-healthcare products in Russia indefinitely. We will continue to monitor this fluid situation and develop contingency plans as necessary to address any disruptions to our business operations as they develop. To the extent the war in Ukraine may adversely affect our business as discussed above, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein. Such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including inflation; disruptions to our global technology infrastructure, including through cyberattack, ransom attack, or cyber-intrusion; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; our ability to maintain or increase our product prices; disruptions in global supply chains ; our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; and constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets, any of which could negatively affect our business and financial condition. 
 Our stock price may be volatile, and your investment in our stock could suffer a decline in value. 
 There has been and could continue to be significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of equity securities. For example, our closing stock price ranged fr om 110.88 to 284.87 per sha re from January 2, 2022 to December 31, 2022. Factors contributing to our stock price volatility may include our financial performance, as well as broader economic, political and market factors, including the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition to the other risk factors previously discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there are many other factors that we may not be able to control that could have a significant effect on our stock price. These include, but are not limited to: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results or future prospects; 
 our announcements or our competitors announcements of new products; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, including those relating to our earnings or financial guidance, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 
 new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
 57 

Table of Contents 

changes in our growth rates or our competitors growth rates; 
 developments regarding our patents or proprietary rights or those of our competitors; 
 ongoing legal proceedings; 
 our inability to raise additional capital as needed; 
 concerns or allegations as to the safety or efficacy of our products; 
 changes in financial markets or general economic conditions, including the effects of recession or slow economic growth in the U.S. and abroad; 
 effects of public health crises, epidemics and pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 sales of stock by us or members of our management team, our Board or certain institutional stockholders; 
 shareholder activism; 
 changes in stock market analyst recommendations or earnings estimates regarding our stock, other comparable companies or our industry generally; and 
 short selling or other hedging activity in our stock. 
 Therefore, you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid for them. 
 Our investors could experience substantial dilution of their investments as a result of subsequent exercises of our outstanding options, vesting of outstanding restricted stock units (RSUs) and performance stock units (PSUs), or the grant of future equity awards by us. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 10.2 million shares of our common stock were reserved for issuance under our equity incentive plans, of which approximately 2.8 million shares were subject to options outstanding at such date at a weighted-average exercise price of 83.85 per share, approximately 3.2 million shares were subject to outstanding RSUs, approximately 0.3 million shares were subject to outstanding PSUs and approximately 3.9 million shares were available for future awards under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. Over the past 48 months, we have experienced higher rates of stock option exercises compared to many earlier periods, and this trend may continue. To the extent outstanding options are exercised or outstanding RSUs or PSUs vest, our existing stockholders may incur dilution. 
 We rely on equity awards to motivate current employees and to attract new employees. The grant of future equity awards by us to our employees and other service providers may further dilute our stockholders. 
 Future resales of our stock, including those by our insiders and a few investment funds, may cause our stock price to decline. 
 A significant portion of our outstanding shares are held by our directors, our executive officers and a few investment funds. Resales by these stockholders of a substantial number of such shares, announcements of any proposed resale of substantial amounts of our stock or the perception that substantial resales may be made, could significantly reduce the market price of our stock. Some of our directors and executive officers have entered into Rule 10b5-1 trading plans pursuant to which they have arranged to sell shares of our stock from time to time in the future. Generally, these sales require public filings. Actual or potential sales by these insiders, including those under a pre-arranged Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, could be interpreted by the market as an indication that the insider has lost confidence in our stock and reduce the market price of our stock. 
 We have registered and expect to continue to register shares reserved under our incentive equity plans pursuant to Registration Statements on Form S-8. All shares issued pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-8 can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to restrictions on our affiliates under Rule 144. If a large number of these shares are sold in the public market, the sales could reduce the trading price of our stock. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

We may elect not to declare cash dividends on our stock, may elect to only pay dividends on an infrequent or irregular basis, or may elect not to make any additional stock repurchases. As a result, any return on your investment may be limited to the value of our stock. In addition, the payment of any future dividends or the repurchase of our stock might limit our ability to pursue other growth opportunities . 
 Our Board may from time to time declare, and we may pay, dividends on our outstanding shares in the manner and upon the terms and conditions permitted under applicable law. However, we may elect to retain all future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business, rather than paying cash dividends on our stock. In addition, under certain circumstances, our credit facility may limit our ability to pay cash dividends, repurchase our common stock or make other distributions to stockholders. Any payment of cash dividends on our stock will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, business prospects, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our Board. In addition, our credit facility places limitations on our ability to pay dividends. In the event our Board declares any dividends, there is no assurance with respect to the amount, timing or frequency of any such dividends. 
 Any repurchase of our common stock under the stock repurchase plan authorized by our Board in June 2022 (Repurchase Program) will be at the discretion of a committee comprised of our CEO and Chief Financial Officer, and will depend on several factors, including, but not limited to, results of operations, capital requirements, financial conditions, available capital from operations or other sources, including debt, and the market price of our common stock. In addition, on August 16, 2022, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, imposes an excise tax of 1 tax on the fair market value of net stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. Therefore, there is no assurance with respect to the amount, price or timing of any such repurchases. We may elect to retain all future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business, rather than repurchasing additional outstanding shares. For additional information related to our Repurchase Program, please see Note 19, Equity , to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In the event we pay dividends, or make any stock repurchases in the future, our ability to finance any material expansion of our business, including through acquisitions, investments or increased capital spending, or to fund our operations, may be limited. In addition, any repurchases we may make in the future may not prove to be at optimal prices. Our Board may modify or amend the Repurchase Program, or adopt a new stock repurchase program, at any time at its discretion without stockholder approval. 
 Environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) regulations, global climate change, corporate citizenship and related matters may adversely affect our business. 
 There is an increasing focus on ESG risks. Our customers, including distributors and retail partners have adopted, or may adopt, procurement policies that include ESG provisions that their suppliers or manufacturers must comply with, or they may seek to include such provisions in their terms and conditions. An increasing number of participants in our industries are also joining voluntary ESG groups or organizations. These ESG provisions and initiatives are subject to change, can be unpredictable, and may be difficult and expensive for us to comply with, given the complexity of our supply chain and the outsourced manufacturing of certain components of our products. If we are unable to comply, or are unable to cause our suppliers to comply, with such policies or provisions, a customer may cease purchasing products from us, and may take legal action against us, which could harm our reputation, revenue and results of operations. 
 Further, increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change may result in new or enhanced legal requirements. There continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. Such uncertainty may have an impact on our business, from the demand for our products to our costs of compliance in the manufacturing and servicing of our products, all of which may impact our results of operations. In addition, climate change initiatives and legislation could also disrupt our operations by impacting the availability and cost of materials within our supply chain, and could also increase insurance and other operating costs. In addition, the SEC has announced proposed rules that, among other matters, will establish a framework for reporting climate related risks. To the extent that any proposed rules impose additional reporting obligations, we could face increased costs. Separately, the SEC has also announced that it is scrutinizing existing climate change related disclosures in public filings, increasing the potential for enforcement if the SEC were to allege our existing climate disclosures are misleading or deficient. 
 Investors, stockholders, consumers, customers, suppliers and other third-parties are increasingly focusing on ESG and corporate social responsibility endeavors and reporting and transparency. Certain institutional investors, investment funds, other influential investors, customers, suppliers and other third-parties are also increasingly focused on ESG practices. If we do not adapt to or comply with evolving investor or stakeholder expectations and standards, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately, we may suffer from reputational damage and our business, financial condition and/or stock price may be materially and adversely affected. Further, this increased focus on ESG issues may result in new regulations and/or third-party requirements that could adversely impact our business or certain shareholders reducing or eliminating their holdings of our stock, causing our stock price to decline. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our U.S. corporate headquarters is located in Irvine, California. We manage our global operation based on two reporting segments. We own and or lease facilities globally that are utilized for research and development, engineering, sales, administrative, manufacturing, distribution and warehousing. The following is a summary of our largest facilities: 
 Location Ownership Status (Owned/Leased) Approximate Square Footage Lease Term Business Segment Primary Usage Fukushima, Japan Owned 358,000 N/A Non-healthcare Manufacturing and distribution Irvine, California Owned 314,000 N/A Healthcare Executive offices, engineering, research and development Mexicali, Mexico Leased 266,000 June 2024, August 2024 Healthcare Manufacturing, warehousing and distribution Irvine, California Leased 230,000 August 2025, November 2026, January 2032 Healthcare Sales and administrative, warehousing, manufacturing and distribution Memphis, Tennessee Leased 180,000 January 2027 Non-healthcare Warehousing and distribution Worthing, United Kingdom Leased 151,000 August 2036 Non-healthcare Warehousing, manufacturing and distribution Zhuhai, China Leased 142,000 May 2026 Non-healthcare Manufacturing, warehousing and distribution Kawasaki, Japan Leased 115,000 September 2024 Non-healthcare Manufacturing and distribution Hudson, New Hampshire Owned 87,000 N/A Healthcare Manufacturing, warehousing and distribution Neuchatel, Switzerland Owned 79,000 N/A Healthcare Sales and administrative San Luis Ray, Mexico Leased 68,000 June 2024 Healthcare Manufacturing, warehousing and distribution Worthing, United Kingdom Owned 15,000 N/A Non-healthcare Engineering, research and development, sales and administrative 
 We also lease and occupy various other facilities throughout the world to operate our business. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our needs and that existing needs and future growth can be accommodated by purchasing or leasing alternative or additional space. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information set forth in Note 24 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements under the caption Litigation included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol MASI . As of January 27, 2023, the closing price of our stock was 171.39 per share, and the number of stockholders of record, excluding persons whose stock is in nominee or street name accounts through brokers, was 19. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have historically not paid dividends to our stockholders. Any determination to declare and pay dividends will be made by our Board and will depend upon our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, business prospects, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our Board. In addition, under certain circumstances, our credit facility may limit our ability to pay cash dividends. In the event a dividend is declared, there is no assurance with respect to the amount, timing or frequency of any such dividends. The dividend declared in 2012 was deemed to be a special dividend and there is no assurance that special dividends will be declared again during the expected term. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following stock performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The following stock performance graph compares total stockholder returns for our common stock from December 30, 2017 through December 31, 2022 against the Nasdaq Market Composite Index and Nasdaq Medical Equipment Index, assuming a 100 investment made on December 30, 2017. Each of the two comparative measures of cumulative total return assumes reinvestment of dividends. The stock performance shown on the graph below is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Masimo Corporation, the Nasdaq Market Composite Index, and 
 the Nasdaq Medical Equipment Index 
 
 100 invested on 12/30/2017 in stock or in index, including reinvestment of dividends. Indexes calculated on month-end basis. 
 Stock Repurchase Programs 
 In October 2021, our Board approved a new stock repurchase program, authorizing us to purchase up to 3.0 million shares of our common stock over a period of up to three years (2021 Repurchase Program). The 2021 Repurchase Program became effective in October 2021 upon the expiration of the 2018 Repurchase Program. The 2021 Repurchase Program was completed in May 2022. In June 2022, our Board approved a new stock repurchase program, authorizing us to purchase up to 5.0 million shares of our common stock on or before December 31, 2027 (2022 Repurchase Program). The 2022 Repurchase Program became effective in July 2022. We expect to fund the 2022 Repurchase Program through our available cash, cash expected to be generated from future operations, our credit facility and other potential sources of capital. The 2022 Repurchase Program can be carried out at the discretion of a committee comprised of our CEO and CFO through open market purchases, one or more Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, block trades and privately negotiated transactions. No shares were repurchased pursuant to the 2022 Repurchase Program during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, 5.0 million shares remained available for repurchase pursuant to the 2022 Repurchase Program. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Withholdings of Equity Securities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we satisfied certain U.S. federal and state tax withholding obligations due upon the vesting of equity grants by withholding shares of our common stock, with an aggregate fair market value on the date of vesting equal to the tax withholding obligations, from the shares of our common stock actually issued in connection with such award. No shares were withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. Shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 were as follows (in millions, except shares withheld and per share amounts): 
 Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 
 2022 (1) 
 December 31, 2022 January 1, 
 2022 (1) 
 Shares withheld 18 112,298 67,704 Average cost per share 276.97 226.22 247.10 Value of shares withheld 5 25.4 16.7 
 _____________ 
 (1) Also included here is the option cost due upon the exercise of stock options that was paid by delivering the shares previously owned by the participant. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED.] 
 63 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read this discussion together with the financial statements, related notes and other financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion may contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under Item 1A Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from any future performance suggested below. 
 Executive Overview 
 We are a global technology company dedicated to improving lives. In connection with the acquisition of Viper Holdings Corporation d/b/a Sound United, LLC (Sound United), we announced an organizational structure change designed to accelerate our growth strategies and strengthen our focus on patient care, thereby creating two reportable segments: healthcare and non-healthcare. 
 We commenced reporting under this new structure effective for the quarter ended July 2, 2022. The new non-healthcare segment was created as a result of the Sound United Acquisition. Please see Note 18 Business Combinations , accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Healthcare 
 Our healthcare business develops, manufactures and markets a variety of noninvasive patient monitoring technologies, hospital automation and connectivity solutions, remote monitoring devices and consumer health products. Our patient monitoring solutions generally incorporate a monitor or circuit board, proprietary single-patient use or reusable sensors, software, cables and other services. We primarily sell our healthcare products to hospitals, emergency medical service (EMS) providers, home care providers, physician offices, veterinarians, long-term care facilities and consumers through our direct sales force, distributors and original equipment manufacturer (OEM) partners, such as GE Healthcare, Hillrom, Mindray, Philips, Physio-Control and Zoll, just to name a few. 
 Our core measurement technologies are our breakthrough Measure-through Motion and Low Perfusion pulse oximetry, known as Masimo Signal Extraction Technology (SET pulse oximetry, and advanced rainbow Pulse CO-Oximetry parameters such as noninvasive hemoglobin (SpHb ), alongside many other modalities, including brain function monitoring, hemodynamic monitoring, regional oximetry, acoustic respiration rate monitoring, capnography and gas monitoring, nasal high-flow respiratory support therapy, patient position and activity tracking and neuromodulation technology solutions. 
 Our measurement technologies are available on many types of devices, from bedside hospital monitors like the Root Patient Monitoring and Connectivity Hub, to various handheld and portable devices, and to the tetherless Radius-PPG , Radius-VSM and Masimo SafetyNet remote patient surveillance solution. The Masimo Hospital Automation Platform facilitates data integration, connectivity and interoperability through solutions like Patient SafetyNet (1) , Iris , iSirona , Replica and UniView to facilitate more efficient clinical workflows and to help clinicians provide the best possible care, both in-person and remotely. Leveraging our expertise in hospital-grade technologies, we are also expanding our suite of products intended for use both inside and outside the hospital and products for personal home wellness , including Masimo Sleep , a sleep quality solution, the Radius T , a wireless wearable continuous thermometer, the Radius C wireless thetherless capnograph and the Masimo W1 a wrist-worn continuous biosensing health watch. 
 Non-healthcare 
 Our non-healthcare consumer audio business develops, manufactures, markets, sells and licenses premium and luxury audio sound products and related integration technologies. Our consumer audio products are sold direct-to-consumers or through authorized retailers and wholesalers. We also license certain audio technologies to select luxury automotive manufacturers such as BMW , Maserati , McLaren , Polestar and Volvo . In addition, we maintain partnerships with certain airlines for bespoke headphones, allowing for the best in-flight audio experience. Our premium and luxury audio business includes iconic brands like Bowers Wilkins , Denon , Marantz , Polk , Definitive Technology , Classe , Boston Acoustics and HEOS to meet differentiated consumers wants and needs. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Outlook and Strategy 
 We are excited about the long-term prospects of patient care, hospital automation and advancing our initiatives of making hospital quality patient monitoring available in the home to meet consumer healthcare and wellness needs. Healthcare ecosystems are rapidly evolving and becoming visibly more interconnected. Accelerated by the need to adapt to the post-pandemic world, more patient care is moving closer to consumers homes. The widespread caregiver shortage demands transformative changes in the current healthcare space. Consumers will naturally gravitate toward products that can extend the reach of physicians without any compromise on the quality of care. 
 We sought differentiated growth opportunities to cross-leverage technologies, bringing our core clinically superior solutions into the home and on-the-go settings and bringing Sound United s premium audio and system integration technologies into the hospital to advance hospital automation connectivity and cloud-based technologies. The technology and expertise within Sound United will serve us well as we aim to augment our hospital-to-home strategy, providing innovative solutions to improve patient outcomes and reduce the cost of care. Furthermore, Sound United unlocks access to large, well-established consumer channels by offering us immediate scale with leading retail establishments across the U.S. and Europe. These collaborations will translate into products that broaden our access to untapped consumer demographics around the world. Please see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to our business, products and technologies. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to create uncertainty in the U.S. and around the globe, resulting in both challenges and opportunities for our business. Given the continuing uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we cannot predict how it will continue to affect our product demand or our product mix. In addition, the increase in demand we experienced due to the COVID-19 pandemic could result in potential reductions in future demand if our customers have over purchased our products and need to consume their excess inventory before purchasing additional products. Furthermore, we continue to be exposed to potential disruptions to our manufacturing operations and disruptions in the supply of critical manufacturing components and in our workforce as circumstances surrounding the global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to change. As a federal contractor, we expect that our employees are vaccinated per the federal mandate, and current employees and candidates seeking employment with us may be opposed to being vaccinated and may risk possible termination or may seek employment with an employer that is not required to follow the federal mandate. Please see Risks Related to Our Revenues and Risks Related to our Business and Operations in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on potential negative impacts to us resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 In June 2022, the Board approved a new stock repurchase program, authorizing us to purchase up to 5.0 million shares of our common stock on or before December 31, 2027 (2022 Repurchase Program). The 2022 Repurchase Program may be carried out at the discretion of a committee comprised of our CEO and CFO through open market purchases, one or more Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, block trades and in privately negotiated transactions. For additional information regarding our current and prior stock repurchase programs, see Part II, Item 5 and Note 19 Equity to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Supply Chain and Inflationary Pressures 
 Uncertainty surrounding macroeconomic factors globally, including with respect to the supply chain environment, inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, labor shortages, and significant disruption in the capital markets, including as a result of the Russia and Ukraine conflict, may result in a recession, which could have a material adverse effect on our long-term business. For example, we have experienced supply constraints with regard to certain digital signal processor chips and other components during the COVID-19 pandemic, which negatively affected our sales during 2022, and may adversely affect our future sales. However, despite on-going supply chain uncertainties, logistical challenges and the global staffing challenges caused by COVID-19, we are optimistic about our long-term growth opportunities in both the healthcare and non-healthcare segments as our broad portfolio of products and solutions are well-suited to address patient and customer needs. 
 Russian-Ukraine Conflict 
 In response to the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, we continue to monitor the developing situation with respect to ongoing business in Russia and the Ukraine, and are working on appropriate contingency plans that will support our desire to serve existing patient populations while remaining compliant with all applicable U.S. and EU sanctions and regulations. While Russia and Ukraine do not constitute a material portion of our business, a significant escalation or expansion of economic disruption or the conflict s current scope could have an impact on our business. In the interim, order acceptance for these countries has been halted. For the year ended December 31, 2022, sales derived from customers based in Russia represented an immaterial percentage of our total revenue. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our results of operations expressed as U.S. Dollar amounts and as a percentage of revenue: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended January 1, 2022 Amount (in millions) of Revenue Amount (in millions) of Revenue Revenue 2,035.8 100.0 1,239.2 100.0 Cost of goods sold 977.0 48.0 430.8 34.8 Gross profit 1,058.8 52.0 808.4 65.2 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative 657.4 32.3 395.4 31.9 Research and development 191.4 9.4 137.2 11.1 Total operating expenses 848.8 41.7 532.6 43.0 Operating income 210.0 10.2 275.8 22.2 Non-operating loss (16.6) (0.8) (1.4) (0.1) Income before provision for income taxes 193.4 9.5 274.4 22.1 Provision for income taxes 49.9 2.5 44.8 3.6 Net income 143.5 7.0 229.6 18.5 
 Comparison of the Year ended December 31, 2022 to the Year ended January 1, 2022 
 Revenue . Revenue increased 796.6 million, or 64.3 , to 2,035.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 1,239.2 million for the year ended January 1, 2022. Contributing to the increase in revenue was approximately 695.5 million, or 34.2 , from the Sound United Acquisition and approximately 101.1 million, or 8.2 , as compared to the year ended January 1, 2022, from our healthcare business. 
 Revenue by segment: Revenue by segment is comprised of healthcare and non-healthcare segments. The healthcare segment consists of professional healthcare and consumer health products and services. The non-healthcare segment consists of consumer audio and related products and services. The following table details our revenues by segment for each of the year ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022: 
 Segment Revenue 
 in millions, except percentages) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended January 1, 2022 Increase/ (Decrease) Percentage Change Healthcare 1,340.3 65.8 1,239.2 100.0 101.1 8.2 Non-healthcare 695.5 34.2 695.5 100.0 Revenue by segment 2,035.8 100.0 1,239.2 100.0 796.6 64.3 
 
 The increase in healthcare segment revenue was primarily due to higher revenue from consumables, parameters and services, which was partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rate movements from the prior year that decreased the U.S. Dollar translation of foreign sales that were denominated in various foreign currencies. Revenue generated through our direct and distribution sales channels increased 93.6 million, or 8.5 , to 1,192.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,099.1 million for the year ended January 1, 2022. Revenues from our OEM channel increased 7.5 million, or 5.4 , to 147.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 140.1 million for the year ended January 1, 2022. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we shipped approximately 307,600 noninvasive technology boards and monitors, an increase of approximately 18,600 units, or 6.4 over the year ended January 1, 2022. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

The non-healthcare revenue segment is a new reportable segment resulting from the Sound United Acquisition. The non-healthcare segment saw strong demand for consumer audio products, which was partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rate movements from the prior year that decreased the U.S. Dollar translation of foreign sales that were denominated in various foreign currencies. 
 Gross Profit . Gross profit consists of revenue less cost of goods sold. Cost of goods sold includes labor, material, overhead and other similar costs related to the production, supply, distribution and support of our products. Our gross profit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 were as follows: 
 Gross Profit 
 (in millions, except percentages) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Percentage of Revenues Year Ended January 1, 2022 Percentage of Revenues Increase/ (Decrease) Percentage Change 1,058.8 52.0 808.4 65.2 250.4 31.0 
 Gross profit as a percentage of revenue decreased to 52.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 65.2 for the year ended January 1, 2022, primarily due to change in product revenue mix from the inclusion of non-healthcare product sales. Cost of goods sold increased 546.2 million to 977.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 430.8 million for the year ended January 1, 2022, primarily due to higher material, manufacturing and distribution costs associated with the overall increase in sales, the impact of the higher proportion of these types of costs inherent in the newly added non-healthcare segment and transaction costs incurred related to the Sound United Acquisition. Also impacting the increase in cost of goods sold are various expense inefficiencies related to the continued global supply chain constraints in the current logistics environment. 
 Selling, General and Administrative . Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, stock-based compensation and related expenses for sales, marketing and administrative personnel, sales commissions, advertising and promotion costs, professional fees related to legal, accounting and other outside services, public company costs and other corporate expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 were as follows: 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 (in millions, except percentages) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Percentage of Revenues Year Ended January 1, 2022 Percentage of Revenues Increase/ (Decrease) Percentage Change 657.4 32.3 395.4 31.9 262.0 66.3 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 262.0 million, or 66.3 , to 657.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 395.4 million for the year ended January 1, 2022. This increase was primarily attributable to the Sound United Acquisition in the form of higher compensation and other employee-related costs of approximately 77.2 million, higher legal and professional fees of approximately 47.5 million, higher advertising and marketing-related expenses of approximately 43.9 million, higher occupancy and other office-related costs of approximately 38.1 million and higher transaction-related costs of approximately 34.6 million. 
 Research and Development . Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries, stock-based compensation and related expenses for engineers and other personnel engaged in the design and development of our products. These expenses also include third-party fees paid to consultants, prototype and engineering supply expenses and the costs of clinical trials. Research and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 were as follows: 
 Research and Development 
 (in millions, except percentages) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Percentage of Revenues Year Ended January 1, 2022 Percentage of Revenues Increase/ (Decrease) Percentage Change 191.4 9.4 137.2 11.1 54.2 39.5 
 Research and development expenses increased 54.2 million, or 39.5 , to 191.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 137.2 million for the year ended January 1, 2022, primarily due to the Sound United Acquisition in the form of higher compensation and employee-related costs of approximately 29.3 million, higher engineering project costs of approximately 13.2 million, higher occupancy and other office-related costs of approximately 4.2 million and higher professional fees of approximately 1.1 million. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Non-operating Loss . Non-operating loss consists primarily of interest income, interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses. Non-operating loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 was as follows: Non-operating Loss 
 (in millions, except percentages) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Percentage of Revenues Year Ended January 1, 2022 Percentage of Revenues Increase/ (Decrease) Percentage Change (16.6) (0.8) (1.4) (0.1) (15.2) 1,085.7 
 Non-operating loss was 16.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.4 million of non-operating loss for the year ended January 1, 2022. This net increase of approximately 15.2 million was primarily due to approximately 1.8 million of interest income on cash deposits in combination with approximately 7.2 million of net realized and unrealized foreign currency denominated transactions, which were offset by interest expense incurred under our credit facility of approximately 25.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Provision for Income Taxes . Our provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 were as follows: Provision for Income Taxes 
 (in millions, except percentages) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Percentage of Revenues Year Ended January 1, 2022 Percentage of Revenues Increase/ (Decrease) Percentage Change 49.9 2.5 44.8 3.6 5.1 11.4 
 Our provision for income taxes was 49.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 44.8 million for the year ended January 1, 2022. Our effective tax rate was 25.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 16.3 for the year ended January 1, 2022. This increase in our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted primarily from an decrease in the amount of excess tax benefits realized from stock-based compensation pursuant to Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-09, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (ASU 2016-09), of approximately 14.0 million compared to the year ended January 1, 2022. 
 We have made no provision for U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes on approximately 322.6 million in accumulated earnings from our foreign subsidiaries as we expect that such amounts will continue to be indefinitely reinvested in operations outside the U.S. Our actual future effective income tax rate will depend on various factors, including the geographic composition of our pre-tax income, the amount of excess tax benefits realized from U.S. stock-based compensation, the amount of our research and development tax credits, the deductibility of executive compensation, changes in tax laws, changes in deferred tax asset valuation allowances and the recognition and derecognition of tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions. 
 Comparison of the Year ended January 1, 2022 to the Year ended January 2, 2021 
 For a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended January 1, 2022 as compared to the year ended January 2, 2021, refer to the discussion under the heading Comparison of the Year ended January 1, 2022 to the Year ended January 2, 2021 in Item 7, which should be read in conjunction with Item 7, in each case, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2022, filed with the SEC on February 16, 2022 . 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity consist of our existing cash and cash equivalent balances, future funds expected to be generated from operations and available borrowing capacity under our credit facility. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 678.6 million in working capital, of which approximately 202.9 million was cash and cash equivalents. In addition to net working capital, we had approximately 52.1 million of available borrowing capacity (net of outstanding letters of credit) under our credit facility as compared to approximately 970.8 million in working capital and approximately 745.3 million in cash and cash equivalents at January 1, 2022. 
 We currently maintain a credit facility which provides 705.0 million of unsecured borrowings. The credit facility also provides for a sublimit of up to 50.0 million for the issuance of letters of credit. Proceeds from the credit facility are being used for general corporate, capital investment and expenditures and working capital needs. For additional information regarding the credit facility, see Note 15 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

In managing our day-to-day liquidity and capital structure, we generally do not rely on foreign earnings as a source of funds. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash totaling 106.6 million held outside of the U.S., of which approximately 25.7 million was accessible without additional tax cost and approximately 37.7 million was accessible at an incremental estimated tax cost of up to 0.2 million. The tax cost on the remaining 43.3 million is not determinable at this time. We currently have sufficient funds on-hand and cash held outside the U.S. that is available without additional tax cost to fund our global operations. In the event funds that are treated as permanently reinvested are repatriated, we may be required to accrue and pay additional U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds. 
 Uses of Cash. Our cash requirements depend on numerous factors, including but not limited to market acceptance of our technologies, our continued ability to commercialize new products and to create or improve our technologies and applications, expansion of our global footprint through acquisitions and/or strategic investments in technologies or technology companies, hedging and derivative activities, investments in property and equipment, the renewal of our credit facility, the impact of disruptions to the manufacturing industry supply chain for key components resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, repurchases of our stock under our authorized stock repurchase program, costs related to our domestic and international regulatory requirements and other long-term commitment and contingencies. For further details regarding our commitment and contingencies, see Note 24 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Despite these investment requirements and potential expenditures, we anticipate that our existing cash and cash equivalents, amounts available under our credit facility and cash provided by operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements, capital expenditures and other operational funding needs for the next 12 months and beyond. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 29.4 264.6 Investing activities (1,057.7) (37.5) Financing activities 520.4 (122.4) Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash (30.9) (1.3) Increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (538.8) 103.4 
 Operating Activities . Cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 29.4 million which was primarily driven by net income of 143.5 million. This was increased by non-cash activities, including and depreciation and amortization of 136.1 million and stock-based compensation of 47.7 million, partially offset by a deferred income tax benefit of 39.3 million. Additional increases in operating cash resulted from changes in accounts payable, deferred costs and other contract assets and lease receivables of approximately 60.5 million, 28.1 million and 12.8 million, respectively, primarily due to the timing of payments. Additional increases to net income were changes in operating assets, including an increase in accounts receivable, inventories, deferred revenue and other contract-related liabilities, income tax payable of 138.5 million, 155.9 million, 28.1 million and 3.8 million, respectively, which were offset by increases in other non-current liabilities of 4.1 million, 16.1 million, 9.3 million, 7.4 million and 4.9 million, respectively. 
 Cash provided by operating activities for the year ended January 1, 2022 was 264.6 million and was primarily driven by net income of 229.6 million. This was increased by non-cash activities, including stock-based compensation of 44.7 million, and depreciation and amortization of 35.6 million, partially offset by a deferred income tax benefit of 15.1 million Additional increases in operating cash resulted from decreases in inventory, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, deferred revenue and other contract-related liabilities, other current assets and income tax payable of 13.5 million, 11.0 million 7.8 million, 7.1 million, 6.4 million and 6.4 million, respectively, primarily due to the timing of payments. Additional increases to net income were changes in operating assets, including an increase in accounts receivable, lease receivables, and deferred cost and other contract assets of 60.8 million, 16.1 million and 6.9 million, respectively. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Investing Activities . Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 1,057.7 million, consisting primarily of approximately 999.7 million for business combinations, net of cash acquired, approximately 52.8 million for purchases of property and equipment, approximately 3.5 million for intangible assets related to capitalized patent and trademark costs and approximately 1.7 million related to the acquisition of a strategic investment. 
 Cash used in investing activities for the year ended January 1, 2022 was approximately 37.5 million, consisting primarily of approximately 25.5 million for purchases of property and equipment, approximately 9.4 million for intangible assets related to capitalized patent and trademark costs and approximately 2.6 million related to the acquisition of a strategic investment. 
 Financing Activities . Cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 520.4 million, consisting primarily of proceeds from borrowings under the line of credit of approximately 1,083.9 million and the issuance of common stock related to employee equity awards of approximately 8.1 million, which were partially offset by the repurchases of our common stock of approximately 401.5 million, repayments under the revolving line of credit of approximately 135.4 million, withholding of shares for employee payroll taxes for vested equity awards of approximately 25.4 million and debt issuance costs of approximately 9.3 million. 
 Cash used in financing activities for the year ended January 1, 2022 was approximately 122.4 million, resulting primarily from cash paid for common stock repurchase transactions that settled during the year of approximately 128.9 million, which were partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of common stock (upon exercise of options) of approximately 23.2 million. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgements that affect the reported amounts of net revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. These estimates and judgements are based on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, and form the basis for making management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Although we regularly evaluate these estimates and assumptions, changes in judgments and uncertainties relating to these estimates could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. If these estimates differ significantly from actual results, the impact to the consolidated financial statements may be material. We believe that the critical accounting policies that are the most significant for purposes of fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results include the following: 
 Revenue Recognition, Deferred Revenue and Other Contract Liabilities 
 We derive the majority of our revenue from four primary sources: (i) direct sales under deferred equipment agreements with end-user hospitals where we provide up-front monitoring equipment at no up-front charge in exchange for a multi-year sensor purchase commitment; (ii) other direct sales of noninvasive monitoring solutions to end-user hospitals, emergency medical response organizations and other direct customers; (iii) sales of noninvasive monitoring solutions to distributors who then typically resell to end-user hospitals, emergency medical response organizations and other customers; and (iv) sales of integrated circuit boards to OEM customers who incorporate our embedded software technology into their multiparameter monitoring devices. Subject to customer credit considerations, the majority of such sales are made on open account using industry standard payment terms based on the geography within which the specific customer is located. 
 We generally recognize revenue following a single, principles-based five-step model to be applied to all contracts with customers and generally provide for the recognition of revenue in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled, net of allowances for estimated returns, discounts or sales incentives, as well as taxes collected from customers that are remitted to government authorities, when control over the promised goods or services are transferred to the customer. Revenue related to equipment supplied under sales-type lease arrangements is recognized once control over the equipment is transferred to the customer, while revenue related to equipment supplied under operating-type lease arrangements is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 
 While the majority of our sales transactions contain standard business terms and conditions, there are some transactions that contain non-standard business terms and conditions. As a result, contract interpretation and analysis is required to determine the appropriate accounting, including: (i) the amount of the total consideration, including variable consideration, (ii) whether the arrangement contains an embedded lease, and if so, whether such embedded lease is a sales-type lease or an operating lease, (iii) the identification of the distinct performance obligations contained within the arrangement, (iv) how the arrangement consideration should be allocated to each performance obligation when multiple performance obligations exist, including the determination of standalone selling price, and (v) when to recognize revenue on the performance obligations. Changes in judgments on these assumptions and estimates could materially impact the timing of revenue recognition. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

We enter into agreements to sell our monitoring solutions and services, sometimes as part of arrangements with multiple performance obligations that include various combinations of distinct product sales, equipment leases and services. In the case of contracts with multiple performance obligations, the authoritative guidance provides that the total consideration be allocated to each performance obligation on the basis of relative standalone selling prices. When a standalone selling price is not readily observable, we estimate the standalone selling price by considering multiple factors including, but not limited to, features and functionality of the product, geographies, type of customer, contractual prices pursuant to Group Purchasing Organization (GPO) contracts, our pricing and discount practices, and other market conditions. 
 Sales under deferred equipment agreements are generally structured such that we agree to provide certain monitoring-related equipment, software, installation, training and/or warranty support at no up-front charge in exchange for the customer s commitment to purchase sensors over the term of the agreement, which generally ranges from three to six years. We allocate contract consideration under deferred equipment agreements containing fixed annual sensor purchase commitments to the underlying lease and non-lease components at contract inception. In determining whether any underlying lease components are related to a sales-type lease or an operating lease, we evaluate the customer s rights and ability to control the use of the underlying equipment throughout the contract term, including any equipment substitution rights retained by us, as well as our expectations surrounding potential contract/lease extensions or renewals and the customer s likelihood to exercise any purchase options. Revenue allocable to non-lease components is generally recognized as such non-lease components are satisfied. Revenue allocable to lease components under sales-type lease arrangements is generally recognized when control over the equipment is transferred to the customer. Revenue allocable to lease components under operating lease arrangements is generally recognized over the term of the operating lease. We generally do not expect to derive any significant value in excess of such asset s unamortized book value from equipment underlying our operating leases arrangements. 
 Revenue from direct sales of our products to end-user hospitals, emergency medical response organizations, other direct customers, distributors and OEM customers is generally recognized by us when control of such products transfer to the customer based upon the terms of the contract or underlying purchase order. Revenue related to OEM rainbow parameter software licenses is recognized by us upon the OEM s shipment of its product to its customer, as reported to us by the OEM. 
 We provide certain customers with various sales incentives that may take the form of discounts or rebates. We estimate and provide allowances for these programs as a reduction to revenue at the time of sale. In general, customers do not have a right of return for credit or refund. However, we allow returns under certain circumstances. At the end of each period, we estimate and accrue for these returns as a reduction to revenue. We estimate the revenue constraints related to these forms of variable consideration based on various factors, including expected purchasing volumes, prior sales and returns history, and specific contractual terms and limitations. 
 Inventory 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using a standard cost method, which approximates first-in, first-out method and includes material, labor and overhead costs. Inventory valuation reserves are recorded for materials that have become excess or obsolete or are no longer used in current production and for inventory items that have a market price less than the carrying value in inventory. We generally purchase raw materials in quantities that we anticipate will be fully used within one year. However, changes in operating strategy and customer demand, and frequent unpredictable fluctuations in market values for such materials, can limit our ability to effectively utilize all of the raw materials purchased and sold through resulting finished goods to customers for a profit. We regularly monitor potential inventory excess, obsolescence and lower market values compared to standard costs and, when necessary, reduce the carrying amount of our inventory to its market value. 
 We determine any required inventory valuation adjustments based on an evaluation of the expected future use of our inventory on an item by item basis. We apply historical obsolescence rates to estimate the loss on inventory expected to have a recovery value below cost. Our historical obsolescence rates are developed from our company specific experience for major categories of inventory, which are then applied to excess inventory on an item by item basis. We also record other specific inventory valuation adjustments when we become aware of other unique events that result in a known recovery value below cost. For inventory items that have been written down, the reduced value becomes the new cost basis. If our assumptions, judgements or estimates for potential inventory losses prove to be too low, our future earnings will be affected when any related additional inventory losses are recorded. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

Stock-Based Compensation 
 Our stock-based compensation awards are currently comprised of stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs) and performance share units (PSUs), all of which are equity-classified awards. For equity-classified awards granted on or after January 1, 2006, we estimate the fair value of the award on the date of grant and expense stock-based compensation over the requisite service period. In the case of PSUs, the amount of expense recognized is also dependent upon the expected achievement level for the specified performance criteria. The fair value of RSU and PSU awards is the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. To calculate the fair value of stock option awards, we use the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which, in addition to the closing price of our stock on the grant date and the option strike price, requires the input of subjective assumptions. These assumptions include the estimated length of time employees will retain their stock options before exercising them (the expected term), the estimated volatility of our stock price over the expected term and the dividend yield on our common stock. We estimate expected term based on both our specific historical option exercise experience, as well as expected term information available from a peer group of companies with similar vesting schedules. The estimated volatility is based on both the historical and implied volatilities of our share price. 
 Changes in the types and quantity of equity awards, as well as the fair market value of our stock may impact the cost of future stock option grants. In general, to the extent that the fair market value of our stock increases, the overall cost of granting these options will also increas e. Any changes in the assumptions, judgments and estimates mentioned above could cause our actual stock-based compensation expense to vary, resulting in changes to future earnings. For further details regarding our stock-based compensation see Note 20 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements i ncluded in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and for net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. A tax position that meets a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is recognized in the first reporting period that it becomes more-likely-than-not such tax position will be sustained upon examination. A tax position that meets this more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is recorded at the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Previously recognized income tax positions that fail to meet the recognition threshold in a subsequent period are derecognized in that period. Differences between actual results and our assumptions, or changes in our assumptions in future periods, are recorded in the period they become known. We record potential accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 
 As a multinational corporation, we are subject to complex tax laws and regulations in various jurisdictions. The application of tax laws and regulations is subject to legal and factual interpretation, judgment and uncertainty. Tax laws themselves are subject to change as a result of changes in fiscal policy, changes in legislation, evolution of regulations and court rulings. We have concluded all U.S. federal income tax matters for years through 2018 and all material state, local and foreign income tax matters for years through 2015. Given the foreg oing, our actual liability for U.S. or foreign taxes may be materially different from our estimates, which could result in the need to record additional liabilities or potentially to reverse previously recorded tax liabilities. 
 Deferred tax assets (DTA) and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded against any deferred tax assets when, in the judgment of management, it is more likely than not that all or part of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all positive and negative evidence, including recent financial performance, scheduled reversals of temporary differences, projected future taxable income, availability of taxable income in carryback periods and tax planning strategies. 
 Income taxes are highly susceptible to changes from period to period, requiring management to make assumptions about our future income over the lives of our DTAs and the impact of changes in valuation allowances. Any difference in the assumptions, judgments and estimates mentioned above could results in changes to our results of operations. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

Litigation Costs and Contingencies 
 We record a charge equal to at least the minimum estimated liability for a loss contingency or litigation settlement when both of the following conditions are met: (i) information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and (ii) the range of loss can be reasonably estimated. The determination of whether a loss contingency or litigation settlement is probable or reasonably possible involves a significant amount of management judgment, as does the estimation of the range of loss given the nature of contingencies. Liabilities related to litigation settlements with multiple elements are recorded based on the fair value of each element. Legal and other litigation related expenses are recognized as the services are provided. We record insurance and other indemnity recoveries for litigation expenses when both of the following conditions are met: (i) the recovery is probable and (ii) collectability is reasonably assured. The insurance recoveries recorded are only to the extent the litigation costs have been incurred and recognized in the financial statements; however, it is reasonably possible that the actual recovery may be significantly different from our estimates. There are many uncertainties associated with any litigation, and we cannot provide assurance that any actions or other third-party claims against us will be resolved without costly litigation or substantial settlement charges. If any of those events were to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Business Combinations 
 We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that once control is obtained, all the assets acquired, liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interest in the acquired entity, if applicable, are recorded at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. The determination of fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities requires estimates and the use of valuation techniques when market value is not readily available. For intangible assets acquired in a business combination, we typically use the income method. Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of future cash flows, growth rates, discount rates and useful lives. The excess of the purchase price over fair values of identifiable assets, liabilities, and noncontrolling interest in the acquired entity, if applicable, is recorded as goodwill. Should any of the assumptions, judgements or estimates associated with the valuation components change, the fair value of the assets acquired could vary. Transaction costs associated with a business combination are expensed as incurred. During the measurement period, which is up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For details regarding any recently adopted and recently issued accounting standards, see Note 2 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to various market risks that may arise from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates, foreign exchange fluctuations and inflation. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates to the increase or decrease in the amount of interest income we can earn on our cash and cash equivalents and on the increase or decrease in the amount of interest expense we must pay with respect to our various outstanding debt instruments. We do not believe our cash equivalents are subject to significant interest rate risk due to their short terms to maturity. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our cash equivalents approximated fair value. Therefore, declines in interest rates over time will reduce our interest income while increases in interest rates will increase our interest income. A hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates along the entire interest rate yield curve would increase or decrease our interest rate yields on our investments and interest income of approximately 0.1 million for each 10.0 million in interest-bearing investments. 
 We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, as the interest rates on our revolving lines of credit and term debt may vary with the federal funds rate and LIBOR. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding debt for an aggregate carrying amount of 956.7 million. We have entered, and in the future may continue to enter, into interest rate swaps to manage our interest rate risk. Therefore, increases in interest rates over time will increase our interest expense while decreases in interest rates will decrease our interest expense. 
 Our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to interest rate fluctuations will depend on interest rates, the exposures that arise during the period and our hedging strategies at that time. A hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates would increase or decrease our annual interest expense by approximately 0.6 million based on average debt outstanding, after consideration of our interest rate swap contracts, for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 and approximately 2.9 million based on average debt outstanding, after consideration of our interest rate swap contracts for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We sponsor multiple defined benefit pension plans covering certain international employees. The aggregate fair value of the plans investments was 22.2 million as of December 31, 2022. The plans assets may be subject to market risk, interest rate risk, and credit risk, which may affect the value of the plans assets and the funding of the plans. 
 Increases in interest rates globally may impact the value of pension plan assets held by us. When interest rates increase, the value of fixed income securities, such as bonds, may decrease, which can negatively impact the fair value of the pension plan assets. However, interest rate increases may also improve the funded status of plan by increasing the discount rate used to measure the present value of the pension obligations, and potentially decreasing our requirement to make contributions to the plan. The most significant actuarial assumption affecting pension expense and pension obligations is discount rates. A hypothetical increase of 100 basis point in discount rates would result in a decrease of approximately 0.3 million in the projected benefit obligation. The impact of interest rate increases on the pension plan assets and funded status may not be predictable and may vary from period to period. 
 See Notes 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and 21, Employee Benefits to our accompanying consolidated financial statements i ncluded in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. for further discussion of these assets. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 A majority of our assets and liabilities are maintained in the United States in U.S. Dollars and a majority of our sales and expenditures are transacted in U.S. Dollars. However, we also transact with foreign customers in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. These foreign currency revenues, when converted into U.S. Dollars, can vary depending on average exchange rates during a respective period. In addition, certain of our foreign subsidiaries transact in their respective country s local currency, which is also their functional currency. As a result, expenses of these foreign subsidiaries when converted into U.S. Dollars can also vary depending on average monthly exchange rates during a respective period. 
 We are exposed to foreign currency gains or losses on outstanding foreign currency denominated receivables and payables, as well as our foreign currency denominated cash balances and certain intercompany transactions. In addition, other transactions between us or our subsidiaries and a third-party, denominated in a currency different from the functional currency, are foreign currency transactions. Realized and unrealized foreign currency gains or losses on these transactions are also included in our statements of operations as incurred. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

The balance sheets of each of our foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. Dollar are translated into U.S. Dollars at the rate of exchange at the balance sheet date and the statements of comprehensive income and cash flows are translated into U.S. Dollars using an approximation of the average monthly exchange rates applicable during the period. Any foreign exchange gain or loss as a result of translating the balance sheets of our foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. Dollar is included in equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 Our primary foreign currency exchange rate exposures are with the Canadian Dollar, Euro, Japanese Yen, Swedish Krona, the British Pound, Mexico Peso, Turkish Lira and Australian Dollar. Foreign currency exchange rates may experience significant volatility from one period to the next. Specifically, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we estimate that fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar and other foreign currencies, including the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the British Pound, the Chinese Yuan, the Hong Kong Dollar, the South Korean Won, the Australian Dollar, the Turkish Lira, and the Canadian Dollar, unfavorably impacted our revenues by 80.6 million. We currently do not enter into forward exchange contracts to hedge exposures denominated in foreign currencies. The effect of additional changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have a material effect on our future operating results or cash flows, depending on which foreign currency exchange rates change and depending on the directional change (either a strengthening or weakening against the U.S. Dollar). We estimate that the potential impact of a hypothetical 10 adverse change in all applicable foreign currency exchange rates from the rates in effect as of December 31, 2022 would have resulted in an estimated reduction of 44.3 million in reported pre-tax income for the year ended December 31, 2022. As our foreign operations continue to grow, our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk may become more significant. 
 Inflation Risk 
 We continuously monitor the effects of inflationary factors, such as increases in our cost of goods sold and selling and operating expenses, which may adversely affect our results of operations. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations during the periods presented. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may strategically adjust product pricing to mitigate such inflation risks. However, we may not be able to fully offset the impact of persistent inflation. Our inability or failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Our consolidated financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are set forth at the pages indicated in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1) and 15(a)(2), respectively, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Their attestation report, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 is included in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Sound United Acquisition was completed on April 11, 2022. The financial results of Sound United are included in our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Sound United business represented approximately 694.9 million of revenue and a net loss of 38.6 million for the period of April 11, 2022 through December 31, 2022. As this acquisition occurred in the second quarter of fiscal year 2022, the scope of our assessment of our internal control over financial reporting does not include Sound United. This exclusion is in accordance with the SEC s general guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from our scope during the first year following the date of acquisition. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2023 (2023 Proxy Statement). 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

76 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements of Masimo Corporation and Reports of Grant Thornton LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID ), are included in a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 The financial statement schedule is included in a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description of Document 2.1(1) 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 15, 2022, by and among Masimo Corporation, Sonic Boom Acquisition Corp., Viper Holdings Corporation, and, solely in its capacity as the Seller Representative, Viper Holdings, LLC (Sound United Series) (Exhibit 2.1) 
 3.1(2) Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Exhibit 3.2) 
 3.2(3) Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws adopted on February 5, 2023 (Exhibit 3.1) 
 3.3 (4) Certification of Designation, Preferences, and Rights of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the Company (Exhibit 3.1) 
 4.1(5) Amended Form of Common Stock Certificate (Exhibit 4.1) 
 4.2(6)# Masimo Retirement Savings Plan (Exhibit 4. 3 
 4.3(4) Rights Agreement dated as of September 9, 2022, by and between the Company and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc., as rights agent, which includes as Exhibit B the Form of Rights Certificate (Exhibit 4.1) 
 4.4 Description of Securities of Masimo Corporation 
 10.1(2)# Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and directors (Exhibit 10.1) 
 10.2(7)# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated November 4, 2015, between Joe Kiani and the Registrant (Exhibit 10.1) 
 10.3(8) First Amendment to November 4, 2015 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated July 27, 2017, by and between Masimo Corporation and Joe Kiani (Exhibit 10.1) 
 10.4 (9) Second Amendment to November 4, 2015 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 14, 2022, by and between Masimo Corporation and Joe Kiani (Exhibit 99.1) 
 10.5(10)# Offer Letter, dated March 31, 2011 between Tom McClenahan and the Registrant (Exhibit 10.7) 
 10.6(11)# Offer Letter, dated September 22, 2017, between the Company and Micah Young (Exhibit 10.1) 
 10.7(7)# Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement, dated November 4, 2015, by and between Joe Kiani and the Registrant (Exhibit 10.2) 
 10.8(7)# Equity-Holder Non-Competition and Confidentiality Agreement, dated November 4, 2015, by and between Joe Kiani and the Registrant (Exhibit 10.3) 
 10.9(12)# Amended and Restated 2007 Severance Protection Plan and Summary Plan Description, effective December 31, 2008 (Exhibit 10.11) 
 10.10(13)# Amended and Restated 2007 Severance Protection Plan Agreement, dated November 3, 2014, by and between the Registrant and Tom McClenahan (Exhibit 10.21) 
 10.11(2)# 2007 Stock Incentive Plan of the Registrant, and forms of agreements related thereto (Exhibit 10.33) 
 10.12(14)# Masimo Corporation 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (Exhibit 10.1) 
 10.13(15)# Masimo Corporation Executive Bonus Incentive Plan (Appendix D) 
 10.14(16) 
 Manufacturing and Purchase Agreement, dated October 2, 2008, by and between Analog Devices, Inc. and the Registrant (Exhibit 10.3) 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description of Document 10.15(6) 
 Purchase Agreement, dated July 26, 2001, between Jabil Circuit, Inc. and the Registrant (Exhibit 10.2) 
 10.16(6) 
 Shelter Labor Services Agreement, dated December 27, 2000, between Industrial Vallera de Mexicali, S.A. de C.V. and the Registrant (Exhibit 10.1) 
 10.17(10) 
 Lease Agreement effective as of September 1, 2007, by and among Industrias Asociadas Maquiladoras, S.A. de C.V., Industrial Vallera de Mexicali, S.A. de C.V. and the Registrant, as guarantor (Exhibit 10.23) 
 10.18(17) 
 First Amendment, Lease Agreement effective as of December 17, 2013, by and among Industrias Asociadas Maquiladoras, S.A. de C.V., Industrial Vallera de Mexicali, S.A. de C.V. and the Registrant, as guarantor (Exhibit 10.24) 
 10.19(2) Settlement Agreement and Release of Claims, dated January 17, 2006, between Cercacor Laboratories, Inc., Nellcor Puritan Bennett, Inc., Mallinckrodt, Inc., Tyco Healthcare Group LP, Tyco International Ltd., Tyco International (US) Inc. and the Registrant (Exhibit 10.30) 
 10.20(18) Second Amendment to the January 17, 2006 Settlement Agreement and Release of Claims, as amended pursuant to the January 24, 2006 Amendment to Settlement Agreement and Release of Claims, dated January 28, 2011, by and among Masimo Corporation, Masimo Laboratories, Inc., Nellcor Puritan Bennett LLC, Mallinckrodt Inc., Tyco Healthcare Group LP and Covidien Inc. (Exhibit 10.1) 
 10.21(2)+ Amended and Restated Cross-Licensing Agreement, effective January 1, 2007, between Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. and the Registrant (Exhibit 10.34) 
 10.22(2) Services Agreement, effective January 1, 2007, between Cercacor Laboratories, Inc. and the Registrant (Exhibit 10.35) 
 10.23(17) 
 Settlement and Covenant Not to Sue Agreement, entered into as of the Effective Date of November 16, 2015, between Masimo Corporation, Masimo Technologies SARL, and Masimo International SARL and Mindray Medical International, Limited, Shenzhen Mindray Biomedical Electronics Co., Ltd and Mindray DS USA, Inc. (Exhibit 10.29) 
 10.24(19) Lease Agreement, dated July 15, 2012, related to the premises at 9600 Jeronimo, between the Registrant and The Irvine Company, LLC (Exhibit 10.45) 
 10.25(19) First Amendment to June 22, 2012 Lease Agreement, relating to the premises at 9600 Jeronimo, between the Registrant and Irvine Company, LLC (Exhibit 10.46) 
 10.26(13) Second Amendment to June 22, 2012 Lease Agreement, relating to the premises at 9600 Jeronimo, between the Registrant and Irvine Company, LLC (Exhibit 10.34) 
 10.27(19) Third Amendment to June 22, 2012 Lease Agreement, relating to the premises at 9600 Jeronimo, between the Registrant and Irvine Company, LLC (Exhibit 10.48) 
 10.28(20) Single-Tenant Lease, relating to the premises at 9600 Jeronimo, dated as of July 13, 2016, by and between Masimo Corporation and The Irvine Company LLC (Exhibit 10.1) 
 10.29(21) Third Amendment to Settlement Agreement and Release of Claims, dated as of September 1, 2016, by and among Masimo Corporation and Cercacor Laboratories, Inc., and Medtronic Plc., Covidien LP, Nellcor Puritan Bennett LLC and Covidien Holdings Inc. (Exhibit 10.1) 
 10.30(22)+ Settlement Agreement, dated November 5, 2016, by and between Masimo Corporation, Masimo International Technologies SARL and Masimo International SARL and Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Exhibit 10.1) 
 10.31(10) Credit Agreement dated as of December 17, 2018, among Masimo Corporation, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent (Exhibit 10.42) 
 10.32(23)# Offer Letter, dated April 17, 2002, between the Company and Bilal Muhsin (Exhibit 10.1) 
 10.33(23)# Offer Letter, dated December 15, 2017, between the Company and Tao Levy (Exhibit 10.2) 
 10.34(23)# 2007 Severance Protection Plan Participation Agreement, dated March 26, 2018, by and between the Company and Bilal Muhsin (Exhibit 10.3) 
 10.35(23)# 2007 Severance Protection Plan Participation Agreement, dated March 16, 2018, by and between the Company and Tao Levy (Exhibit 10.4) 
 10.36(5) 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated February 14, 2022, by and between Masimo Canada, ULC and Keltic (Prior) Development Limited Partnership (Exhibit 10.37) 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description of Document 10.37(24)# Offer Letter, dated April 1, 2022, between the Company and Blair Tripodi (Exhibit 10.1) 
 10.38(24)# Amended and Restated 2007 Severance Protection Plan, Limited Participation Agreement, dated September 16, 2022 between the Company and Blair Tripodi (Exhibit 10.2) 
 10.39(25) Credit Agreement dated as of April 11, 2022 among Masimo Corporation, as the Borrower, the Lenders and issuing banks party hereto and Citibank, N.A. as Administrative Agent (Exhibit 10.1) 
 10.40(26) First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 16, 2022, among Masimo Corporation, each of the lenders party hereto with an Incremental Revolving Commitment, each Issuing Bank and CITIBANK, N.A., as administrative agent (Exhibit 10.1) 
 10.41(25)# Amended and Restated 2007 Severance Protection Plan Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Micah Young (Exhibit 10.2) 
 10.42(6) Lease agreement, dated as of August 21, 2021, related to Land at Dale Road, Worthing, West Sussex by and between Londonmetric Distribution Limited and B W Group Limited and DEI Sales, Inc. (Exhibit 10.5) 
 10.43(6) Contract for Sale of Freehold Land with Leaseback at Dale Road, Worthing, West Sussex, between B W Group LTD and Londonmetric Distribution Limited and DEI Sales, Inc. dated August 31, 2021 (Exhibit 10.6) 
 10.44(6) Lease Contract of the Hengli Industrial Park, dated April 1, 2016, between Zhuhai Free Trade Zone Minsheng Industrial Warehousing Co., Ltd. and Bowers Wilkins Trading (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd. (Exhibit 10.7) 
 10.45(6) Lease Contract of the Hengli Industrial Park - Warehouse, dated November 1, 2016, between Zhuhai Free Trade Zone Minsheng Industrial Warehousing Co., Ltd. and Bowers Wilkins Trading (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd. (Exhibit 10.8) 
 10.46(6) Purchase agreement, dated as of May 23, 2019, between ANAM Electronics Co. Ltd. and DEI Sales Inc. dba Sound United (Exhibit 10.9) 
 10.47(6) OEM/ODM Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2012, between Tymphany HK Ltd. and D M Holdings, Inc. (Exhibit 10.10) 
 10.48(6) Quality Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2012, between Tymphany HK Ltd and D M Holdings, Inc. (Exhibit 10.11) 
 10.49(6) Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2019, between Tonly Electronics Sales Limited and DEI Sales, Inc. dba Sound United (Exhibit 10.12) 
 10.50(6) License Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2014, between Harman International Industries, Incorporated, and B W Group Ltd. (Exhibit 10.13) 
 10.51(6) Amendment No. 1 to the License Agreement, by and between Harman International Industries, Incorporated and B W Group Ltd. effective as of October 1, 2014, is entered into and made effective as of October 13, 2020 (Exhibit 10.14) 
 10.52(6) Guarantee, dated as of October 11, 2020, between Sound United, LLC and Harman International Industries, Incorporated (Exhibit 10.15) 
 10.53(16) Lease agreement, dated as of August 15, 2022, by and between SJ Holdings SDN BHD, and Masimo Medical Technologies (Malaysia) SDN BHD (Exhibit 10.4) 
 10.54(16) Monetary Consumption Loan Agreement Certificate, dated June 30, 2019, by and between JFC Corporation and D M Holdings (Exhibit 10.5) 
 10.55(16) Special Overdraft Agreement, dated February 27, 2020, by and between Mizuho Bank and D M Holding Co., Ltd. (Exhibit 10.6) 
 10.56 
 Amend ment to Special Overdraft Agreement, dated February 2 8 , 2023, by and between Mizuho Bank and Masimo Corporation 
 21.1 List of Registrant s Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Joe Kiani, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Micah Young, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description of Document 32.1 Certification of Joe Kiani, Chief Executive Officer, and Micah Young, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 ___________ 
 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 ___________ 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 15, 2022. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 8-K. 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-142171), originally filed on April 17, 2007. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form S-1, as amended. 
 (3) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 6, 2023. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 8-K. 
 (4) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 9, 2022. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 8-K. 
 (5) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 16, 2022. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 10-K. 
 (6) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2022. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 10-Q. 
 (7) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed on February 11, 2008. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form S-8. 
 (8) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2017 filed at 5:21 p.m. Eastern Time. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 8-K. 
 (9) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 14, 2022. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 8-K. 
 (10) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2019. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 10-K. 
 (11) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2017. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 8-K. 
 (12) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 15, 2013. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 10-K. 
 (13) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 17, 2015. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 10-K. 
 (14) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2018. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 10-K. 
 (15) Incorporated by reference to Appendix D to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-33642) filed on April 16, 2020. 
 (16) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2022. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 10-Q. 
 (17) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2021. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 10-K. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

(18) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 31, 2011. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 8-K. 
 (19) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 24, 2016. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 10-K. 
 (20) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 3, 2016. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 10-Q. 
 (21) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 2, 2016. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 8-K. 
 (22) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 7, 2016. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 8-K. 
 (23) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2018. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 10-Q. 
 (24) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2022. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 8-K. 
 (25) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 3, 2022. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 10-Q. 
 (26) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2022. The number given in parentheses indicates the corresponding exhibit number in such Form 8-K. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 + The SEC has granted confidential treatment with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the SEC. 
 Certain identified information has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because such information is both (i) not material and (ii) of the type that the Registrant customarily and actually treats as private or confidential The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of the unredacted exhibit upon request by the SEC. 
 Non-material schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish supplementally copies of any of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request by the SEC. 
 Schedules have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon its request; provided, however, that the Registrant may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended for any schedule so furnished. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 See Item 15(a)(3) above. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 See Item 15(a)(2) above. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ J OE K IANI 
 Joe Kiani Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 SIGNATURE TITLE(S) DATE /s/ J OE K IANI 
 Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 February 28, 2023 Joe Kiani /s/ M ICAH Y OUNG 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 February 28, 2023 Micah Young /s/ P AUL H ATAISHI 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 February 28, 2023 Paul Hataishi /s/ H M ICHAEL C OHEN 
 Director February 28, 2023 H Michael Cohen /s/ A DAM M IKKELSON 
 Director February 28, 2023 Adam Mikkelson /s/ C RAIG R EYNOLDS 
 Director February 28, 2023 Craig Reynolds /s/ J ULIE A. S HIMER , P H .D. 
 Director February 28, 2023 Julie A. Shimer, Ph.D. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 

Consolidated Financial Statements Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 F-6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 F-7 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 F-8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 F-9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 
 Schedule Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 F-44 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Masimo Corporation 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Masimo Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical audit matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Acquisition of Viper Holdings Corporation Sound United Fair Value of Intangible Assets Acquired 
 As described further in Note 18 to the financial statements, on April 11, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Sound United for total consideration of 1,065.0 million. The identifiable intangible assets acquired include tradenames, customer relationships, and developed technology and have been recorded by management at their preliminary fair values of 268.0 million, 196.0 million and 156.0 million, respectively. We identified the preliminary valuation of these intangible assets acquired in the Sound United acquisition as a critical audit matter. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that the preliminary valuation of the acquired tradenames, customer relationships, and developed technology is a critical audit matter are that the determination of the preliminary fair values of such assets required management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to the discount rate used, forecasted revenues and operating margins. This required a high degree of auditor judgement including professionals with specialized skill and knowledge, in auditing these assumptions made by management. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

Our audit procedures related to the preliminary valuation of the acquired tradenames, customer relationships, and developed technology included the following, among others. 
 We assessed the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies utilized and discount rate selected by management with the assistance of our valuation professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 We tested the forecasted revenues and operating margins by assessing the reasonableness of management s forecast compared to historical results and forecasted market and industry trends. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2006. 
 
 February 28, 2023 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Masimo Corporation 
 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Masimo Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management s Report ). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Our audit of, and opinion on, the Company s internal control over financial reporting does not include the internal control over financial reporting of Viper Holdings Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary, whose financial statements reflect total assets and revenues constituting 50 and 34 percent, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. As indicated in Management s Report, Viper Holdings Corporation was acquired during 2022. Management s assertion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting excluded internal control over financial reporting of Viper Holdings Corporation. 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Newport Beach, California 
 February 28, 2023 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

MASIMO CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except par value) 
 December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively 
 Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Lease receivable, non-current Deferred costs and other contract assets Property and equipment, net Customer relationships, net - (Note 9) Acquired technologies, net - (Note 9) Other intangible assets, net Trademarks - (Note 9) Goodwill Deferred tax assets Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued compensation Deferred revenue and other contract-related liabilities, current Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred tax liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies - (Note 24) Stockholders equity Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively 
 Treasury stock, and shares at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

MASIMO CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except per share information) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended January 1, 2022 Year Ended January 2, 2021 Revenue Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Research and development Litigation awards, settlements/or defense costs ) Total operating expenses Operating income Non-operating (loss) income ) ) Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares used in per share calculations: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

MASIMO CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended January 1, 2022 Year Ended January 2, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive gain (loss), net of tax: Unrealized gain (loss) from foreign currency translation adjustments ) Net change in retirement obligations ) Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge (1) 
 Total comprehensive income 
 ______________ 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-7 

Table of Contents 

MASIMO CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in millions) 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 28, 2019 ) ) Stock options exercised Restricted/Performance stock units vested Shares paid for tax withholding ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net income Adoption of ASU 2016-13 Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at January 2, 2021 ) Stock options exercised Restricted/Performance stock units vested Shares paid for tax withholding ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Balance at January 1, 2022 ) ) Stock options exercised Restricted/Performance stock units vested Shares paid for tax withholding ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net change on pension obligations ) ) Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

MASIMO CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended January 1, 2022 Year Ended January 2, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Amortization of debt issuance costs Loss on disposal of equipment, intangibles and other assets Provision for credit losses Benefit from deferred income taxes ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase in trade accounts receivable ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in inventories ) ) (Increase) decrease in other current assets ) ) Increase in lease receivable, net ) ) ) Increase in deferred costs and other contract assets ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in other non-current assets ) ) Increase in accounts payable (Decrease) increase in accrued compensation ) Increase in deferred revenue and other contract-related liabilities Increase (decrease) in income taxes payable ) (Decrease) increase in accrued liabilities ) Increase (decrease) in other non-current liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Maturities of short-term investments Purchases of property and equipment, net ) ) ) Increase in intangible assets ) ) ) Business combinations, net of cash acquired ) ) Deposit to acquire noncontrolling interest ) Other strategic investing activities ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings under revolving line of credit Repayments under revolving line of credit ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Payroll tax withholdings on behalf of employees for stock options ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash ) ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

___________________________ 
 (1) The use of the trademark Patient SafetyNet is under license from the University HealthSystem Consortium. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-11 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Money market funds Pension assets Cash and cash equivalents Equity securities Debt securities Real estate funds Alternative investments Other Derivative instruments - cash flow hedges Total assets Liabilities None Total liabilities 
 The following tables represent the Company s financial assets, measured at fair value on a recurring basis at January 1, 2022: 
 Total Carrying Value Fair Value Measurement Hierarchy (in millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Total assets Liabilities None Total liabilities 
 The Company invests in checking, savings and money market fund accounts, which are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy as they are valued using quoted market prices. These investments are classified as cash and cash equivalents within the Company s accompanying consolidated balance sheets, in accordance with GAAP and its accounting policies. 
 The Company s pension asset consists of level 1 and level 2 investments. The fair value of level 2 assets are based on observable inputs such as prices or quotes for similar assets, adjusted for any differences in terms or conditions that may affect the value of the instrument being valued. The valuation techniques used for level 2 assets may include the use of models or other valuation techniques, but these methods are all based on observable market inputs. 
 Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 For certain other financial assets and liabilities, including restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and other current assets and liabilities, the carrying amounts approximate their fair value primarily due to the relatively short maturity of these balances. The Company also measures certain non-financial assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis, primarily goodwill, intangible assets and operating lease right-of-use assets, in connection with periodic evaluations for potential impairment. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to years 
 Computer equipment and software to years 
 Demonstration units to years 
 Furniture and office equipment to years 
 Leasehold improvements Lesser of useful life or term of lease Machinery, equipment and tooling to years 
 Operating lease assets Lesser of useful life or term of lease Transportation, vehicles and other to years 
 
 Land is not depreciated and construction-in-progress is not depreciated until placed in service. Normal repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred, whereas significant improvements that materially increase values or extend useful lives are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining estimated useful lives of the related assets. Upon sale or retirement of depreciable assets, the related cost and accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss on the sale or retirement is recognized in income. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

years or the patent s remaining legal life, which assumes renewals, and trademark costs are amortized over years, and their associated amortization cost is included in selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. For intangibles purchased in an asset acquisition or business combination, which mainly include patents, trademarks, customer relationships and acquired technologies, the useful life is determined largely by valuation estimates of remaining economic life. 
 The Company s policy is to renew its patents and trademarks. Costs to renew patents and trademarks are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life of the intangible asset. The Company periodically evaluates the amortization period and carrying basis of patents and trademarks to determine whether any events or circumstances warrant a revised estimated useful life or reduction in value. Capitalized application costs are charged to operations when it is determined that the patent or trademark will not be obtained or is abandoned. 
 Intangibles purchased as part of an asset acquisition or business combination historically have included patents, trademarks, customer relationships, developed technologies and contractual licenses. In certain circumstances, the Company also has acquired non-compete agreements tied to certain employment relationships. The useful life for all of these is largely determined by valuation estimates of remaining economic life. In connection with the Sound United Acquisition, the Company acquired certain trademarks/tradenames, which are intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. These brands are expected to maintain brand value for an indefinite period of time. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-15 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

primary sources: (i) direct sales under deferred equipment agreements with end-user hospitals where the Company provides up-front monitoring equipment at no up-front charge in exchange for a multi-year sensor purchase commitment; (ii) other direct sales of noninvasive monitoring solutions to end-user hospitals, emergency medical response organizations and other direct customers; (iii) sales of noninvasive monitoring solutions to distributors who then typically resell to end-user hospitals, emergency medical response organizations and other customers; and (iv) sales of integrated circuit boards to original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers who incorporate the Company s embedded software technology into their multiparameter monitoring devices. Subject to customer credit considerations, the majority of such sales are made on open accounts using industry standard payment terms based on the geography within which the specific customer is located. 
 The Company enters into agreements to sell its monitoring solutions and services, sometimes as a part of arrangements with multiple performance obligations that include various combinations of product sales, equipment leases and services. In the case of contracts with multiple performance obligations, the authoritative guidance provides that the total consideration be allocated to each performance obligation on the basis of relative standalone selling prices. When a standalone selling price is not readily observable, the Company estimates the standalone selling price by considering multiple factors including, but not limited to, features and functionality of the product, geographies, type of customer, contractual prices pursuant to Group Purchasing Organization (GPO) contracts, the Company s pricing and discount practices, and other market conditions. 
 Sales under deferred equipment agreements are generally structured such that the Company agrees to provide certain monitoring-related equipment, software, installation, training and/or warranty support at no up-front charge in exchange for the customer s commitment to purchase sensors over the term of the agreement, which generally ranges from to . The Company allocates contract consideration under deferred equipment agreements containing fixed annual sensor purchase commitments to the underlying lease and non-lease components at contract inception. In determining whether any underlying lease components are related to a sales-type lease or an operating lease, the Company evaluates the customer s rights and ability to control the use of the underlying equipment throughout the contract term, including any equipment substitution rights retained by the Company, as well as the Company s expectations surrounding potential contract/lease extensions or renewals and the customer s likelihood to exercise any purchase options. Beginning January 2, 2022, for contracts that contain variable lease payments that are not dependent on an index or rate, the Company classifies as operating leases any lease components that would have otherwise been classified as sales-type leases that would result in a selling loss upon lease commencement. Revenue allocable to non-lease performance obligations is generally recognized as such non-lease performance obligations are satisfied. Revenue allocable to lease components under sales-type lease arrangements is generally recognized when control over the equipment is transferred to the customer. Revenue allocable to lease components under operating lease arrangements is generally recognized over the term of the operating lease. The Company generally does not expect to derive any significant value in excess of such asset s unamortized book value from equipment underlying its operating lease arrangements after the end of the agreement. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-17 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to , depending on the product type. In traditional sales activities, including direct and OEM sales, the Company establishes an accrued liability for the estimated warranty costs at the time of revenue recognition, with a corresponding provision to cost of goods sold. Customers may also purchase extended warranty coverage or service level upgrades separately or as part of a deferred equipment agreement. Revenue related to extended warranty coverage and service level upgrades is generally recognized over the life of the contract, which reasonably approximates the period over which such services will be provided. The related extended warranty and service level upgrade costs are expensed as incurred. 
 
 Increase related to acquisition Accrual for warranties issued Changes in pre-existing warranties (including changes in estimates) ) Settlements made ) ) ) Warranty accrual, end of period 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Basic net income per share: Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic Net income per basic share Diluted net income per share: Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic Diluted share equivalents: stock options, RSUs and PSUs Weighted-average shares outstanding - diluted Net income per diluted share 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, million and million shares of common stock, respectively, were outstanding but not included in the computation of diluted net income per share because the effect of including such shares would have been antidilutive in the applicable period. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, certain RSUs were considered contingently issuable shares as their vesting is contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events. Since such events had not occurred and were not considered probable of occurring as of December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, million of weighted-average shares related to such RSUs have been excluded from the calculation of potential shares. For additional information with respect to these RSUs, please see Employment and Severance Agreements in Note 24, Commitments and Contingencies . 
 Income taxes 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Non-cash operating activities: ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Non-cash investing activities: Unpaid purchases of property and equipment Settlement of promissory note receivable in connection with business combination Non-cash financing activities: Unsettled common stock proceeds from option exercises Fair value of common stock received for payment of stock option exercise price Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-21 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million. Aggregate liabilities payable to Cercacor arising under the Cross-Licensing Agreement were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, respectively. The Company had sales to Cercacor in the amount of million, million and less than million for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, respectively. 
 Administrative Services Agreement - The Company is a party to an administrative services agreement with Cercacor (G A Services Agreement), which governs certain general and administrative services that the Company provides to Cercacor. Amounts charged by the Company pursuant to the G A Services Agreement were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, respectively. 
 Lease Agreements - Effective December 2019, the Company entered into a new lease agreement with Cercacor for approximately of square feet of office, research and development space at one of the Company s owned facilities in Irvine (Cercacor Lease). The term of the Cercacor Lease expires on December 31, 2024. The Company recognized approximately million, million and million of lease income for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, respectively. 
 Net amounts due to Cercacor were approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. 
 The Company s CEO is also the Chairman of the Masimo Foundation for Ethics, Innovation and Competition in Healthcare (Masimo Foundation), a non-profit organization that was founded in 2010 to provide a platform for encouraging ethics, innovation and competition in healthcare. In addition, the Company s Executive Vice President (EVP), Chief Financial Officer (CFO) serves as the Treasurer of the Masimo Foundation and the Company s EVP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary serves as the Secretary for the Masimo Foundation. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, the Company made cash contributions of approximately million, and million, respectively, to the Masimo Foundation. In addition, for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, the Company made various in-kind contributions to the Masimo Foundation, mainly in the form of donated administrative services. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and less than million in marketing expenses to LMMV under the marketing service agreement, respectively. During the fiscal year ended January 2, 2021, the Company incurred marketing expenses to LMMV under the marketing service agreement. At December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, there were amoun ts due to LMMV for services rendered. 
 During the second quarter of 2021, the Company entered into a software license and professional services agreement with Like Minded Labs (LML), a subsidiary of LMMV. Pursuant to the software license agreement, LML granted the Company a perpetual, non-exclusive and fully paid-up right and license to integrate LML s software into the Company s products in exchange for a million one-time license fee. Pursuant to the professional services agreement, LML will provide professional services to the Company, including the development of custom software intended to support the integration of the licensed software into the Company s products, as well as future support services upon the Company s acceptance of deliverables. 
 In July 2021, the Company entered into a patent purchase and option agreement with Vantrix Corporation (Vantrix), an acquiree of LML, for certain patents for million, and the right to purchase two pools of additional patents from Vantrix for an exercise fee of up to million. The agreements with LML and Vantrix include sublicensing provisions whereby the software and patents are licensed back to LML or Vantrix, respectively, for further advancement of the technologies. 
 The Company maintains an aircraft time share agreement, pursuant to which the Company has agreed from time to time to make its aircraft available to the Company s CEO for lease on a time-sharing basis. The Company charges the Company s CEO for personal use based on agreed upon reimbursement rates. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, the Company charged the Company s CEO million, million and less than million, respectively, related to such reimbursements. 
 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventories (1) 
 
 ______________ 
 (1) Included in the December 31, 2022 ending total inventories balance was approximately million of step-up amortization related to the Sound United Acquisition. See Note 18, Business Combinations , for further details. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Indirect taxes receivable Lease receivable, current Prepaid income taxes Contract assets, current Prepaid rebates and royalties Restricted cash (1) 
 Other current assets Total other current assets 
 
 ______________ 
 (1) Restricted cash includes funds received from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. As the Company incurs costs associated with research and development related to this project, on a quarterly basis, the Company reclasses amounts from the grant to offset costs incurred. 
 
 million and million, respectively, and is included within revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Costs related to embedded sales-type leases within the Company s deferred equipment agreements are included in cost of goods sold. 
 Allowance for credit loss ) ) Lease receivable, net Less: current portion of lease receivable ) ) Lease receivable, non-current 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Less: imputed interest (1) 
 Present value of total lease payments 
 ______________ 
 (1) The calculation of the rates implicit in the leases resulted in negative discount rates. Therefore, the Company as a lessor used a discount rate to measure the net investment in the lease. 
 
 Prepaid contract allowances Unbilled contract receivables Deferred equipment agreements, net Deferred costs and other contract assets 
 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Machinery, equipment and tooling Land Operating lease assets (1) 
 Computer equipment and software Transportation, vehicles and other Leasehold improvements Furniture and office equipment Demonstration units Construction-in-progress (CIP) Total property and equipment 
 Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 ______________ 
 (1) Effective January 2, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2021-05, resulting in the Company recording these operating lease assets within property, plant, and equipment, net. 
 A significant portion of the increase in property and equipment was attributable to the Sound United Acquisition. See Note 18, Business Combinations , for further details. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, depreciation expense of property and equipment was million, million and million, respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, depreciation expense of operating lease assets was million, million and million, respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, million and million of equipment leased to customers was amortized to cost of goods sold, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, accumulated amortization of equipment leased to customers was million and million, respectively. 
 The balance in CIP at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, related primarily to the capitalized implementation costs related to a new enterprise resource planning software system and costs related to equipment and other facility improvements at the Company s corporate headquarters, as well as at a new research and development facility, the underlying assets for which have not been completed or placed into service. 
 On February 14, 2022, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Masimo Canada ULC, entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (Purchase Agreement) with Keltic (Prior) Development Limited Partnership (Vendor) for the purchase of a property in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada for a purchase price of CAD million, plus goods and services tax (Purchase Price), subject to certain adjustments. The Company has paid CAD million as a deposit towards the purchase. The balance of the Purchase Price will be due and payable upon the closing of the transaction, which is currently expected to occur during the second half of 2024. 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) ) Acquired technologies ) ) Trademarks ) ) Licenses ) ) Patents ) ) Licenses-related party ) ) Non-compete agreements (1) 
 ) Capitalized software development costs ) ) Other ) ) Total intangible assets subject to amortization, net ) ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization: Trademarks Intangible assets, net 
 _______________ 
 (1) In connection with the Sound United Acquisition, the Company also acquired non-compete agreements with a gross carrying amount equal to million. 
 A significant portion of the increase in intangible assets was attributable to the Sound United Acquisition. Please refer to Note 18, Business Combinations , for further details. 
 Finite lived intangible assets have a weighted-average amortization period of to . For the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, total amortization expense of intangible assets was million, million and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the total costs of patents not yet amortizing was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the total costs of trademarks not yet amortizing was million and million, respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, total renewal costs capitalized for patents and trademarks was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average number of years until the next renewal was for patents and for trademarks. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Increase from business combinations Adjustments to goodwill from purchase price allocation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Goodwill, end of period 
 A significant portion of the increase in goodwill at December 31, 2022 was attributable to the Sound United Acquisition. See Note 18, Business Combinations , for further details. 
 Increase from business combinations Adjustments to goodwill from finalization of purchase price allocation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Goodwill, end of period 
 
 . 
 The Company generally estimates the applicable discount rate used to determine the net present value of lease payments based on available information at the lease commencement date. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average discount rate used by the Company for all operating leases was approximately . 
 Lessee current lease liabilities Other current liabilities Lessee non-current lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, accumulated amortization for lessee ROU assets was million and million, respectively. The weighted-average remaining lease term for the Company s operating leases was years as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter (1) 
 Total Imputed interest ) Present value 
 ______________ 
 (1) Includes optional renewal period for certain leases. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, the Company s operating lease costs were approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Derivative assets - non-current Strategic investments Prepaid deposits and other Other non-current assets Total other non-current assets 
 
 Accrued rebates and allowances Accrued customer reimbursements Total deferred revenue and other contract liabilities Less: Non-current portion of deferred revenue ) ) Deferred revenue and other contract liabilities - current 
 Deferred revenue relates to contracted amounts that have been invoiced to customers for which remaining performance obligations must be completed before the Company can recognize the revenue. Generally, both healthcare and non-healthcare segments record deferred revenue when revenue is to be recognized subsequent to invoicing. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million of Unrecognized Contract Revenue related to executed contracts with an original duration of or more. The Company expects to recognize approximately million of this amount as revenue within the next and the remaining balance thereafter. 
 Non-Healthcare Deferred Revenue 
 In October 2020, Bowers and Wilkins (B W), a subsidiary of Sound United, entered into an amendment to a licensing agreement, whereby B W received a million royalty prepayment in relation to sound system units manufactured by B W for various high-end car manufacturers with a total commitment of million to be received by September 30, 2028. As of December 31, 2022, non-healthcare deferred revenue was million. 
 Increase from business combinations Revenue deferred during the period Recognition of revenue deferred in prior periods ) Deferred revenue, end of the period 
 
 Accrued indirect taxes payable Lessee lease liabilities, current Current portion of long-term debt Accrued property taxes Accrued legal fees Accrued warranty Income tax payable Other current liabilities Accrued donations Related party payables Total other current liabilities 
 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Japanese loans - current portion Short-term debt Term loan - long-term Revolver - long-term Japanese loans - long-term Long-term debt Total debt 
 Prior Credit Facility 
 Until April 11, 2022, the Company maintained a credit agreement (Prior Credit Facility) with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent and a Lender, and Bank of the West, a Lender (collectively, the Lenders). The Prior Credit Facility provided for up to million of unsecured borrowings, with an option, subject to certain conditions, for the Company to increase the aggregate borrowing capacity up to million in the future with the Lenders and additional lenders, as required. The Prior Credit Facility also provided for a sublimit of up to million for the issuance of letters of credit and a sublimit of million for borrowings in specified foreign currencies. 
 On April 11, 2022, the Company paid off all obligations owing under the Prior Credit Facility, and terminated it. As a result of the repayment, the Company expensed million of previously capitalized debt issuance costs. 
 Credit Facility 
 On April 11, 2022, concurrently with the closing of the Sound United Acquisition, as disclosed in Note 18, Business Combinations , the Company entered into a new credit agreement (Credit Facility) with financial institutions party thereto as initial lenders (collectively, the Initial Lenders), Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of the West and BofA Securities, Inc., as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of the West and BofA Securities, Inc., as co-syndication agents. 
 The Credit Facility provides for an unsecured term loan of million (Term Loan) and million of ongoing unsecured revolving commitments (Revolver), with an option, subject to certain conditions, for the Company to increase the aggregate borrowing capacity by an additional million (plus additional unlimited amounts if certain incurrence tests are met) in the future with the Initial Lenders and additional lenders, as required. Debt issuance costs of million were recorded as a reduction to the carrying amount of the Credit Facility, and are being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method. 
 The Credit Facility also provides for a sublimit of up to million for the issuance of letters of credit. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Facility will be deemed, at the Company s election, either: (a) an Alternate Base Rate (ABR) Loan, which bears interest at the ABR, plus a spread of to based upon a Company leverage ratio, or (b) a Term SOFR Loan, which bears interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (as defined below), plus a spread of to based upon a Company net leverage ratio. Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility, the ABR is equal to the greatest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the Federal Reserve Bank of New York effective rate plus , and (iii) the one-month Adjusted Term SOFR plus . The Adjusted Term SOFR Rate is equal to the Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Credit Facility) for the applicable interest period plus a spread adjustment of , and for the interest periods ending one, three and six months, respectively. 
 The Company is also obligated under the Credit Facility to pay an unused fee ranging from to per annum, based upon a Company leverage ratio, with respect to any non-utilized portion of the Credit Facility. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million of unsecured revolving commitments, increasing the aggregate amount of the Revolver from million to million. 
 Borrowing rates, financial covenants, affirmative and negative covenants and other restricted terms remain unchanged from the Credit Facility. All unpaid principal under the First Amendment will become due and payable on April 12, 2027. The Company was in full compliance with all covenants contained in its debt or credit facility agreements at December 31, 2022. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the Company incurred total interest expense, including amounts capitalized of million and , under the Credit Facility, respectively. For the year ended January 1, 2022, the Company did incur any interest expense under the Credit Facility. 
 Furthermore, in connection with the Sound United Acquisition, the Company assumed three outstanding loans as follows: 
 Japanese Revolving Loan 
 In March 2020, Sound United entered into a secured revolving loan (Japanese Revolving Loan) with Mizuho Bank, which allows Sound United to borrow up to million (approximately million). The Japanese Revolving Loan is an evergreen agreement that terminates upon request by either the financial institution or the borrower and is collateralized with land and buildings in Shirakawa-Shi owned by the borrower. Interest accrues at a rate equal to the Mizuho Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate (TIBOR) plus a fixed spread of per annum. In connection with the execution of the Japanese Revolving Loan, the Company incurred debt issuance costs of million (approximately million). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million (approximately million) of outstanding borrowing under the Japanese Revolving Loan, which is presented under short-term loans on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Japanese Revolving Loan agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, such as financial reporting requirements and customary covenants that restrict the borrower s ability to, among other things, provide collateral for obligations borne by the borrower, and determine the eligibility to declare, the amount of potential dividends to be paid during a given fiscal year. The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Japanese Revolving Loan agreement at December 31, 2022. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company and Mizuho Bank executed an amendment to the Japanese Revolving Loan, to increase the maximum aggregate revolving commitments to billion (approximately million). Under the amendment, the facility accrues interest at a rate equal to the TIBOR plus a fixed spread of per annum. The Company also paid an upfront fee of million (approximately million) on the incremental amount of the revolving credit facility. 
 Japanese Government Loans 
 In May and June 2020, Sound United received billion (approximately million) in non-collateralized Japanese Government Loan facilities (Japanese Government Loans) as part of its local Japanese stimulus program. Interest accrues at a weighted-average rate of and is repayable in installments with various maturities through June 2035. The non-current portion of the Japanese Government Loans is presented under long-term debt and the current portion is presented under short-term loans on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company incurred no debt issuance costs in connection with the Japanese Government Loans. 
 Japanese Equipment Loans 
 In April and May 2021, Sound United entered into equipment collateralized loans (Japanese Equipment Loans) of million (approximately million), payable in installments through March 2031 with an interest of , and million (approximately million) payable in installments through April 2028 with interest of . The non-current portion of the Japanese Equipment Loans is presented under long-term debt and the current portion is presented under short-term loans on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company incurred no debt issuance costs in connection with these Japanese Equipment Loans. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Deferred revenue, non-current Unrecognized tax benefits Pension benefit obligation Income tax payable, non-current Indirect tax payable, non-current Other Total other non-current liabilities 
 
 Unrecognized tax benefits relate to the Company s long-term portion of tax liability associated with uncertain tax positions. Authoritative guidance prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. See Note 23, Income Taxes , for further details. 
 
 . These contracts, carried at fair value, have maturities of approximately . All hedging relationships were highly effective at achieving offsetting changes in cash flows attributable to the risk being hedged. The Company used a regression analysis at hedge inception to assess the effectiveness of cash flow hedge and periodically thereafter. 
 The Company records gains and losses from the changes in the fair value of these instruments as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). Deferred gains or losses from these designated cash flow hedges are reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged items affect earnings. The Company does not offset fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments in its consolidated balance sheets for presentation purposes. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Total 
 Total 
 Amount recognized in other comprehensive income Amount reclassified into earnings ) Ending balance 
 The net of tax unrealized gain was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company expects to reclassify a net amount of gains of million from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) gain to non-operating loss (income) within the next 12 months. 
 
 of the equity interests of Sound United for billion in cash, subject to adjustments based on Sound United s net working capital, transaction expenses, cash and debt as of the closing of the Merger (Closing), payable by the Company in cash. The transaction was primarily funded with the proceeds from the Credit Facility. See Note 15, Debt , for additional information about the Credit Facility. There was no contingent consideration resulting from the transaction. 
 The results of operations of Sound United subsequent to the acquisition date and the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including the preliminary allocation of goodwill and intangible assets, are included in the non-healthcare segment, including revenue of million and a net loss of million for the period of April 11, 2022 to December 31, 2022. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022. These costs include investment banker fees, legal, due diligence, and other external costs that the Company recorded within selling, general and administrative expense. 
 Purchase price allocations 
 The purchase price for the Sound United Acquisition is preliminary, pending final customary purchase price adjustments. Based on additional supportable information and changes in assumptions during the period, the Company recorded certain measurement period adjustments during the three months ended December 31, 2022. The valuations of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed have not yet been finalized as of December 31, 2022. The purchase price allocation is preliminary and subject to change, including measurement period adjustments, the valuation of intangible assets, leases, deferred taxes, inventory, property, plant and equipment and goodwill. The purchase price allocation will be finalized as the information necessary to complete the required analysis is obtained, which the Company will complete within from the acquisition date. Goodwill was calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired in a business combination and represents the future economic benefits expected to arise from intangible assets acquired that do not qualify for separate recognition, including the assembled workforce. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 Measurement period adjustments for the period ended December 31, 2022 included changes to the purchase price allocation and total consideration, resulting in a net decrease of million to goodwill. The measurement period adjustments resulted primarily from valuation inputs pertaining to certain acquired assets based on facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date and did not result from events subsequent to the acquisition date. The fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of December 31, 2022 are based on management s best estimates and assumptions as of the reporting date and are considered preliminary pending finalization of the valuation analysis. 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Purchase price Assets acquired: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant and equipment Intangible assets Goodwill Long-term other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Other long-term liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) 
 ______________ 
 (1) The purchase price for the Sound United Acquisition is preliminary, pending final customary purchase price adjustments. 
 Identifiable Intangible Assets 
 Customer relationships Developed technology Contractual license agreements Subtotal years Indefinite trademarks/tradenames N/A Total 
 In determining the fair value of the identifiable intangible assets, the Company utilized various forms of the income approach, depending on the asset being valued. The estimation of fair value requires significant judgment related to cash flow forecasts, discount rates and operating margins reflecting the risk inherent in each cash flow stream, competitive trends, market comparables and other factors. Other inputs included historical data, current and anticipated market conditions, and growth rates. Contractual license agreements have a weighted-average amortization period of five years until the next renewal term. 
 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million of acquisition-related costs, respectively. Additionally, there were million of Profit Interest Units paid out in conjunction with the transaction. These expenses are reflected in pro forma net income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 in the table below and the acquisition related expenses incurred by Masimo are included in selling, general and administrative in the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the twelve months ended January 1, 2022. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Pro forma net income (loss) 
 
 preferred stock purchase right (Right) for each outstanding share of its common stock to stockholders of record at the close of business on September 20, 2022 (the Record Date) pursuant to a rights agreement, dated as of September 9, 2022, with Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc., as rights agent. In addition, Right was issued with each share of common stock that became outstanding after the Record Date. Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company one thousandth of one share of the Company s Series A junior participating preferred stock, par value per share, at a purchase price equal to per Right, subject to adjustment. Generally, the Rights become exercisable in the event any person or group of affiliated or associated persons acquires beneficial ownership of in the case of a passive institutional investor), subject to certain exceptions. The Rights will expire on the earliest of (i) 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on September 8, 2023, (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed, and (iii) the time at which the Rights are exchanged in full. 
 Stock Repurchase Programs 
 In July 2018, the Company s Board of Directors (Board) approved a stock repurchase program, authorizing the Company to purchase up to million shares of its common stock over a period of up to (2018 Repurchase Program). A total of million shares were purchased by the Company pursuant to the 2018 Repurchase Program prior to its expiration in September 2021. 
 In October 2021, the Board approved a stock repurchase program, authorizing the Company to purchase up to million shares of its common stock over a period of up to (2021 Repurchase Program). The 2021 Repurchase Program became effective in October 2021 upon the expiration of the 2018 Repurchase Program. The 2021 Repurchase Program was completed in May 2022. 
 In June 2022, the Board approved a new stock repurchase program, authorizing the Company to purchase up to million shares of its common stock on or before December 31, 2027 (2022 Repurchase Program). The 2022 Repurchase Program became effective in July 2022. The Company expects to fund the 2022 Repurchase Program through its available cash, cash expected to be generated from future operations, the Credit Facility and other potential sources of capital. The 2022 Repurchase Program can be carried out at the discretion of a committee comprised of the Company s CEO and CFO through open market purchases, one or more Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, block trades and privately negotiated transactions. As of December 31, 2022, million shares remained available for repurchase pursuant the 2022 Repurchase Program. 
 (1) (1) (1) Average cost per share Value of shares repurchased 
 ______________ 
 (1) Excludes shares withheld from the shares of its common stock actually issued in connection with the vesting of PSU or RSU awards to satisfy certain U.S. federal and state tax withholding obligations. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million shares of the Company s common stock registered under prior registration statements for issuance pursuant to the 2007 Equity Plan were deregistered and concurrently registered under the 2017 Equity Plan. 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 The 2017 Equity Plan permits the grant of stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, PSUs, performance shares, performance bonus awards and other stock or cash awards to employees, directors and consultants of the Company and employees and consultants of any parent or subsidiary of the Company. Upon effectiveness, an aggregate of million shares were available for issuance under the 2017 Equity Plan. In May 2020, the Company s stockholders approved an increase of million shares to the 2017 Equity Plan. The aggregate number of shares that may be awarded under the 2017 Equity Plan is million shares. The 2017 Equity Plan provides that at least 95 of the equity awards issued under the 2017 Equity Plan must vest over a period of not less than one year following the date of grant. The exercise price per share of each option granted under the 2017 Equity Plan may not be less than the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, which is generally equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the grant date. 
 Total stock-based compensation expense under both the 2007 Equity Plan and the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of million shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the Company s equity plans, of which million shares were available for future grant under the 2017 Equity Plan. 
 Additional information related to the Company s current equity plans, stock-based award activity and valuation of stock-based awards is included below. 
 Stock-Based Award Activity 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Canceled ) ) ) Exercised ) ) ) Options outstanding, end of period Options exercisable, end of period 
 Total stock option expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options that are expected to vest over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 Total 
 As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the weighted-average remaining contractual term of options outstanding was years and years, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the weighted-average remaining contractual term of options exercisable with an exercise price less than the closing price of the Company s common stock was years and years, respectively. 
 RSUs 
 Granted Canceled ) Vested RSUs outstanding, end of period 
 Total RSU expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSU awards expected to be recognized and vest over a weighted-average period of approximately years, excluding any contingent compensation expense related to certain RSUs that were granted to the Company s Chairman and CEO in connection with the amendment and restatement of his employment agreement. See Employment and Severance Agreements in Note 24, Commitments and Contingencies for further details on the CEO s employment agreement. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Granted (1) 
 (1) 
 Canceled ) Vested ) ) PSUs outstanding, end of period 
 
 (1) On February 27, 2023, the Audit Committee approved the weighted payout percentage for the 2019 PSU awards performance period), which were based upon the Company s actual fiscal year 2022 performance against pre-established performance objectives. Included in the granted amount are those additional PSUs earned based on actual performance achieved. These PSUs were originally awarded at target. 
 During the year ended January 2, 2021, the Company awarded PSUs that will vest three years from the award date based on the achievement of certain fiscal year 2022 performance criteria approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board (Compensation Committee). If earned, the PSUs granted will vest at the time the achievement level of the performance criteria is determined by the Compensation Committee. The number of shares that may be earned can range from to of the target amount; therefore, the maximum number of shares that can be issued under these awards is twice the original award of PSUs, or shares. O n February 27, 2023, the Audit Committee determined that the performance criteria were achieved within the range. 
 During the year ended January 1, 2022, the Company awarded PSUs that will vest three years from the award date, based on the achievement of certain fiscal year 2023 performance criteria approved by the Compensation Committee. If earned, the PSUs granted will vest upon achievement of the performance criteria after the year in which the performance achievement level has been determined. The number of shares that may be earned can range from to of the target amount; therefore, the maximum number of shares that can be issued under these awards is twice the original award of PSUs, or shares. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company awarded PSUs that will vest from the award date, based on the achievement of certain fiscal year 2024 performance criteria approved by the Compensation Committee. If earned, the PSUs granted will vest upon achievement of the performance criteria after the year in which the performance achievement level has been determined. The number of shares that may be earned can range from to of the target amount; therefore, the maximum number of shares that can be issued under these awards is twice the original award of PSUs, or shares. 
 Based on management s estimate of the number of units expected to vest, total PSU expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested PSU awards expected to be recognized and vest over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to 
 to 
 to 
 Expected term years to years 
 years to years 
 years to years 
 Estimated volatility to 
 to 
 to 
 Expected dividends Weighted-average fair value of options granted per share per share per share 
 Risk-free interest rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term approximately equal to the expected term of the Company s stock options. 
 Expected term. The expected term represents the average period that the Company s stock options are expected to be outstanding. The expected term is based on both the Company s specific historical option exercise experience, as well as expected term information available from a peer group of companies with a similar vesting schedule. 
 Estimated volatility. The estimated volatility is the amount by which the Company s share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. The Company s estimated volatilities for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 are based on historical and implied volatilities of the Company s share price over the expected term of the option. 
 Expected dividends. The Board may from time to time declare, and the Company may pay, dividends on its outstanding shares in the manner and upon the terms and conditions provided by law. Any determination to declare and pay dividends will be made by the Board and will depend upon the Company s results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, business prospects, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. In the event a dividend is declared, there is no assurance with respect to the amount, timing or frequency of any such dividends. The dividend declared in 2012 was deemed to be a special dividend and there is no assurance that special dividends will be declared again during the expected term. Based on this uncertainty and unknown frequency, for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, no dividend rate was used in the assumptions to calculate the stock-based compensation expense. 
 The Company has elected to recognize stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award, net of forfeitures. Forfeitures of stock-based awards are recognized as they occur. The total fair value of all options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options is calculated as the positive difference, if any, between the market value of the Company s common stock on the date of exercise or the respective period end, as appropriate, and the exercise price of the options. The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding, with an exercise price less than the closing price of the Company s common stock, as of December 31, 2022 was million. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercisable, with an exercise price less than the closing price of the Company s common stock, as of December 31, 2022 was million. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 The total income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for stock-based compensation expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, respectively. 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Selling, general and administrative Research and development Total 

qualified defined contribution plan or 401(k) plan, the Masimo Retirement Savings Plan (MRSP), covering the Company s full-time U.S. employees who meet certain eligibility requirements. On April 11, 2022, in connection with the Sound United Acquisition, the MRSP was amended to allow for participation by eligible Sound United employees. 
 The MRSP matches of a participant s salary deferral, up to a maximum of of each participant s compensation for the pay period, subject to a maximum amount. The Company may also contribute to the MRSP on a discretionary basis. The Company contributed million, million and million to the MRSP for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, respectively, all in the form of matching contributions. 
 In addition, some of the Company s international subsidiaries also have defined contribution plans to which both the employee and employers are eligible to make contributions. The Company s contributions to these plans for the year ended December 31, 2022 were million . The Company contributed immaterial amounts to these plans for each of the years ended January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021. 
 Defined Benefit Plans 
 The Company sponsors several international noncontributory defined benefit plans. In connection with the Sound United Acquisition, the Company assumed sponsorship of several international defined benefit plans and post-retirement benefit plans. All defined benefit plans and post-retirement benefit plans assumed with the acquisition of Sound United were closed to new participants prior to the acquisition. The post-retirement benefit plans assumed within the Sound United Acquisition are not material. 
 The service cost component for the defined benefit plans are recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. All other cost components are recorded in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Actual net loss on plan assets ) Employer contributions Participant contributions Benefits paid Other, includes translation ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Projected Benefit Obligation Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year (2) 
 Service cost Interest cost Participant contributions Actuarial loss ) Benefits paid Other, includes translation ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Funded status ) 
 ______________ 
 (1) In connection with the Sound United Acquisition, the Company acquired 4.6 million of plan asset at April 11,2022, which is included in the fair value of plan assets amount at the beginning of the year. 
 (2) In connection with the Sound United Acquisition, the Company assumed 12.9 million of pension benefit obligation at April 11,2022, which is included in the projected benefit obligation at beginning of year. 
 The net increase in the fair value of the Company s plan assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 was principally driven by million of benefit paid, partially offset by a million net loss. The Company s projected benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2022 did not change materially from the prior year. It was primarily driven by a slight increase in the discount rate from the year ended January 1, 2022 and million of benefit payments, partially offset by million of actuarial loss. 
 The underfunded balance of million was included in the long-term other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) Amortization of net losses Recognized net actuarial gain Net periodic defined benefit plan cost 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Current liability Non-current liability 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 Plan Assumptions 
 The Company determines actuarial assumptions on an annual basis. The actuarial assumptions used for the Company s defined benefit plans for international participants will vary depending on the applicable country. 
 Rate of compensation increase Assumptions - net periodic benefit costs: Discount rate Rate of compensation increase Expected long-term return on plan assets (1) 
 Interest credit rate 
 ______________ 
 (1) The pension expected return on assets assumption is derived primarily from underlying investment allocations and historical risk premiums per each plan, adjusted for current and future expectations, such as easing of global inflationary pressure. 
 Plan Assets 
 Equity securities Debt securities Other 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and contributions to its defined benefit plans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. The Company expects to contribute million for the fiscal year 2023. 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 Total 
 
 Realized and unrealized foreign currency gain (loss) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Total non-operating (loss) income ) ) 

Foreign Total 
 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

State Foreign Subtotal Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Subtotal ) ) ) Total 
 
 Included in the fiscal year 2022, 2021 and 2020 tax provisions are increases of million, million and million, respectively, for tax and accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions for each fiscal year. 
 State provision, net of federal benefit ) Nondeductible executive compensation Research and development tax credits ) ) ) Foreign income taxed at different rates ) ) U.S. tax on foreign income, net Excess stock-based compensation ) ) ) Derecognition of uncertain tax position ) ) ) Transaction-related costs Other Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has accumulated undistributed earnings generated by its foreign subsidiaries of approximately million. Because such earnings have previously been subject to U.S. tax, any additional taxes due with respect to such earnings or the excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis of its foreign investments would generally be limited to foreign withholding and state taxes. The Company considers million of these accumulated undistributed earnings as no longer permanently reinvested and has accrued foreign withholding and state taxes, net of estimated foreign tax credits, of million. The Company intends, however, to indefinitely reinvest the remaining million of earnings. If the Company decides to distribute such permanently reinvested earnings, the Company would accrue estimated additional income tax expense of up to approximately million. 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Net operating losses Accrued liabilities Interest Capitalized R D Tax credits Stock-based compensation Operating lease assets Other Total Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Withholding taxes on undistributed foreign earnings ) ) State taxes and other ) ) Interest rate hedge ) Inventory ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has million and million of net operating losses from federal and various state jurisdictions, which will begin to expire in 2037 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, the Company has million of net operating losses from foreign jurisdictions that will begin to expire in 2024. The Company also has federal research and development tax credits of million that will begin to expire in 2031, state research and development tax credits of million that will carry forward indefinitely and million of Canadian investment tax credits on research and development expenditures that will begin to expire in 2040. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether it is more-likely-than-not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In making this determination, the Company considered all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial performance. 
 During the year ended January 1, 2022, the Company established a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets relating to certain acquired operating losses in certain foreign jurisdictions that the Company believes are not likely to be realized. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was an increase in the valuation allowance of million, primarily due to the losses of certain foreign operations. 
 As a result of certain business and employment actions undertaken by the Company, income earned in a certain European country is subject to a reduced tax rate through 2022, which, upon meeting certain requirements, can be extended through 2026. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the estimated income tax benefit related to such business arrangement was million and million, respectively, and favorably impacted net income per diluted share by for each year. 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Increase from tax positions in prior period Decrease from tax position in prior period ) ) Increase from tax positions in current period Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits (gross), end of period 
 The amount of unrecognized benefits which, if ultimately recognized, could favorably affect the tax rate in a future period was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. It is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits in various jurisdictions may change in the next 12 months due to the expiration of statutes of limitation and audit settlements. However, due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing of these events, an estimate of the change within the next 12 months cannot be made at this time. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company recorded an expense of million for interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of income tax expense. For the year ended January 1, 2022, the Company recorded a benefit of million for interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of income tax expense. 
 Total accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 were million and million, respectively. 
 The Company conducts business in multiple jurisdictions, and as a result, one or more of the Company s subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal, various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. The Company has concluded all U.S. federal income tax matters for years through 2018. All material state, local and foreign income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2015. 
 In March 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act) was enacted and signed into law in response to the market volatility and instability resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. It includes a significant number of tax provisions and lifts certain deduction limitations originally imposed by the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. The changes are primarily related to: (1) the business interest expense disallowance rules for 2019 and 2020; (2) net operating loss rules; (3) charitable contribution limitations; (4) employee retention credit; and (5) the realization of corporate alternative minimum tax credits. 
 The Company has reviewed the tax provision in the CARES Act and did not identify any material impact to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 of the Cash Payment and of the Award Shares will vest, subject in each case to Mr. Kiani s continuous employment through each such anniversary date; however, in the event of a Qualifying Termination or a termination of Mr. Kiani s employment due to death or disability prior to either of such anniversaries, any unvested amount of the Cash Payment and all of the unvested Award Shares shall vest and be paid in full. Additionally, in the event of a Change in Control prior to a Qualifying Termination, Mr. Kiani s stock options and any other equity awards will vest in accordance with their terms, but in no event later than in two equal installments on each of the one year and two year anniversaries of the Change in Control, subject in each case to Mr. Kiani s continuous employment through each such anniversary date. 
 F-49 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had severance plan participation agreements with executive officers. The participation agreements (the Agreements) are governed by the terms and conditions of the Company s 2007 Severance Protection Plan, which became effective on July 19, 2007 and which was amended effective December 31, 2008. 
 Under each of the Agreements, the applicable executive officer may be entitled to receive certain salary, equity, medical and life insurance benefits if he is terminated by the Company without cause or if he terminates his employment for good reason under certain circumstances. Each executive officer is also required to give the Company advance notice of his resignation under certain circumstances. 
 On September 16, 2022, the Company appointed Blair Tripodi as its Chief Operating Officer (COO), Consumer Division. The offer letter entered into with Mr. Tripodi upon completion of the Sound United Acquisition included certain compensation, retention and benefit provisions. In addition, Mr. Tripodi is also a limited participant in the Severance Plan, which provides that, if (a) Mr. Tripodi s employment is terminated on the date of a Change in Control (as defined in the Severance Plan) specifically because his current job, or similar job, is not offered to him on the date of such Change in Control, or (b) Mr. Tripodi s employment is terminated by the Company without cause or if he terminates his employment with the Company for Good Reason (as defined in the Severance Plan) upon or within months of a Change in Control, percent of Mr. Tripodi s unvested and outstanding equity-based awards will immediately vest. 
 Cercacor Cross-Licensing Agreement Provisions 
 The Company s Cross-Licensing Agreement with Cercacor contains annual minimum aggregate royalty obligations for use of the rainbow licensed technology. The current annual minimum royalty obligation is million. Upon a Change in Control (as defined in the Cross-Licensing Agreement) of the Company or Cercacor: (i) all rights to the Masimo trademark will be assigned to Cercacor if the surviving or acquiring entity ceases to use Masimo as a company name and trademark; (ii) the option to license technology developed by Cercacor for use in blood glucose monitoring will be deemed automatically exercised and a million license fee for this technology will become immediately payable to Cercacor; and (iii) the minimum aggregate annual royalties payable to Cercacor for carbon monoxide, methemoglobin, fractional arterial oxygen saturation, hemoglobin and/or glucose measurements will increase to million per year until the exclusivity period of the agreement ends, plus up to million for each additional vital sign measurement with no maximum ceiling for non-vital sign measurements. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 Pursuant to contractual obligations with vendors, the Company had million of purchase commitments as of December 31, 2022 that are expected to be purchased within one year. These purchase commitments have been made for certain inventory items in order to secure sufficient levels of those items, other critical inventory and manufacturing supplies and to achieve better pricing. 
 Other Contractual Commitments 
 In the normal course of business, the Company may provide bank guarantees to support government hospital tenders in certain foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million in outstanding unsecured bank guarantees. 
 In certain circumstances, the Company also provides limited indemnification within its various customer contracts whereby the Company indemnifies the parties to whom it sells its products with respect to potential infringement of intellectual property, and against bodily injury caused by a defective Company product. It is not possible to predict the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements, due to the conditional nature of the Company s obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not incurred any significant costs related to contractual indemnification of its customers. 
 Concentrations of Risk 
 F-50 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million of bank balances, of which million was covered by either the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit or foreign countries deposit insurance organizations. 
 The Company s ability to sell its products to U.S. hospitals depends in part on its relationships with GPOs. Many existing and potential customers for the Company s products become members of GPOs. GPOs negotiate pricing arrangements and contracts, sometimes exclusively, with medical supply manufacturers and distributors, and these negotiated prices are made available to a GPO s affiliated hospitals and other members. During the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, revenue from the sale of the Company s products to customers that are members of GPOs approximated , and of total revenue, respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, the Company had sales through just-in-time distributors that represented and , and , and and of total revenue, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, customer represented and , respectively, of the Company s accounts receivable balance. The receivable balance related to such customer is fully secured by letters of credit. 
 
 of the asserted patents were found valid. The challenged claims of of the asserted patents were found invalid. The Company and Apple filed notices of appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit seeking review of the IPR decisions on all asserted patents. The Company and Apple filed briefs in consolidated appeal for asserted patents and in appeals for asserted patents and now await scheduling of oral arguments. The Company filed an opening brief in another consolidated appeal for asserted patents on December 12, 2022, and Apple filed a reply brief in that other consolidated appeal on February 21, 2023. 
 On June 30, 2021, the Company filed a complaint with the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) against Apple for infringement of a number of other patents. The Company filed an amended complaint on July 12, 2021. On August 13, 2021, the ITC issued a Notice of Institution of Investigation on the asserted patents. From June 6, 2022 to June 10, 2022, the ITC conducted an evidentiary hearing. The current target date for completion of the ITC investigation is May 10, 2023. Apple filed petitions for IPR of the asserted patents in the PTO. In February 2023, the PTO denied Apple s IPR petitions on some of the asserted patents and instituted IPRs on other asserted patents. Apple has sought rehearing on certain patents for which Apple s IPR Petitions were denied. On January 10, 2023, a United States Administrative Law Judge in Washington, D.C. ruled that Apple violated Section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended, by importing and selling within the United States certain Apple Watches with light-based pulse oximetry functionality and components, which infringe one of the Company s pulse oximeter patents. On January 24, 2023, the United States Administrative Law Judge further recommended that the ITC issue an exclusion order and a cease and desist order on certain Apple Watches. The ITC will now consider whether to implement a ban on imports of certain Apple Watches. On January 30, 2023, the PTO denied institution of IPR proceedings for the Company s pulse oximeter patent that the United States Administrative Law Judge ruled was infringed. With respect to the other patents asserted at the ITC, the PTO denied institution of IPR proceedings for patents and instituted IPR proceedings for patents in January or February 2023, and Apple filed requests for rehearing of some decisions that denied institution of IPR proceedings on February 23, 2023. 
 F-51 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

complaints against the Company in the U.S. District Court of for the District of Delaware alleging that the Masimo W1 watch infringes a number of utility and design patents. Apple is seeking damages and injunctive relief. On December 12, 2022, the Company counterclaimed for monopolization, attempted monopolization, false advertising (and related causes of action) and infringement of multiple patents. The Company is seeking damages and injunctive relief. The Court has not set a schedule or trial date in either case. On February 3, 2023, Apple moved to (1) sever the Company s monopolization and false advertising counterclaims into a separate case, (2) stay the Company s patent-infringement claims and (3) to expedite Apple s design-patent claims. The Company opposed Apple s motions on February 24, 2023. On the same day, the Company moved to consolidate Apple s utility-patent claims, Apple s design-patents claims and the Company s counterclaims for discovery and all pretrial proceedings. On February 21, 2023, Apple moved to dismiss the Company s monopolization and false advertising claims. The Company intends to vigorously pursue all of its legal remedies in its litigation against Apple and believes the Company has good and substantial defenses to Apple s claims, but there is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in these efforts. 
 
 On October 21, 2022, a complaint was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery against the Company and the members of the Company s Board (Director Defendants) by Politan Capital Management LP and Politan Capital NY LLC (Activist Plaintiffs). The complaint seeks relief to (i) declare certain amendments to the Company s bylaws that became effective on September 9, 2022 (Bylaw Amendments) unenforceable, (ii) find that the Director Defendants breached their fiduciary duties by approving and implementing the Bylaw Amendments and the shareholder rights plan adopted by the Company on September 9, 2022, and refusing to invalidate certain change in control provisions in the Company s employment agreement with Joe Kiani, the Company s Chief Executive Officer (CEO), (iii) invalidate certain change in control provisions in Mr. Kiani s employment agreement, (iv) permanently enjoin the Company and its Board from taking any actions to prevent the Activist Plaintiffs from exercising their rights in accordance with the Company s prior bylaws to nominate directors, and (v) have Mr. Kiani, the Company s CEO and founder leave the Company, and (vi) award the Activist Plaintiffs their fees, costs and expenses in connection with the action covered by the complaint. In response to the complaint, on October 24, 2022, the Company and the Director Defendants filed a counterclaim, answer and defense in the Delaware Court of Chancery against the Activist Plaintiffs, seeking relief to (i) have the court declare that the Bylaw Amendments are valid and enforceable and that the Company is permitted to invalidate any director nominations by the Activist Plaintiffs that are not made in accordance with the amended bylaws and (ii) award the Company reasonable costs, including attorneys fees and expenses. On October 28, 2022, the Activist Plaintiffs filed a counterclaim and answer generally denying substantially all of the allegations raised in the Company s counterclaim and raising a number of affirmative defenses against the Company s counterclaim. On February 5, 2023, the Company withdrew the Bylaw Amendments. The Company believes that the Company and the Director Defendants have good and substantial defenses to the Activist Plaintiffs claims (including those raised in their counterclaim), but there is no guarantee that the Company and the Director Defendants will prevail. The Company is unable to determine whether any loss will ultimately occur or to estimate the range of such loss; therefore, no amount of loss has been accrued by the Company in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 From time to time, the Company may be involved in other litigation and investigations relating to claims and matters arising out of its operations in the normal course of business. The Company believes that it currently is not a party to any other legal proceedings which, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 segments are: 
 Healthcare - develops, manufactures, and markets a variety of noninvasive monitoring technologies and hospital automation solutions and therapeutics. This segment includes the Company s core legacy hospital business and new Masimo-technology-enabled consumer products that are distributed through many channels including e-commerce sites, leading national retailers and specialty chains globally. 
 Non-healthcare - designs, develops, manufactures, markets and sells a broad portfolio of premium, high-performance audio products and services. This is a new reportable segment comprised primarily of Sound United s operations. 
 F-52 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Non-healthcare Total revenue by segment Gross profit: Healthcare Non-healthcare Other (1) 
 ) Gross profit 
 __________________ 
 (1) Management excludes certain corporate expenses from segment gross profit. In addition, certain amounts that management considers to be non-recurring or non-operational are excluded from segment gross profit because management evaluates the operating results of the segments excluding such items. 
 The Company s depreciation and amortization by segment are as follows: 
 (in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended January 1, 2022 Year Ended January 2, 2021 Depreciation and amortization by segment: Healthcare Non-healthcare Total depreciation and amortization 
 The Company s total assets by segment are as follows: 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Total assets by segment: Healthcare Non-healthcare Corporate overhead Total assets 
 The Company s consolidated long-lived assets (tangible non-current assets) by geographic area are as follows: 
 (in millions, except percentages) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended January 1, 2022 Year Ended January 2, 2021 Long-lived assets by geographic area: United States International Total long-lived assets 
 F-53 

Table of Contents 
 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia and Australia North and South America (excluding U.S.) Total revenue 
 F-54 

Table of Contents 
 Schedule II 

 MASIMO CORPORATION 
 (1) 
 ) Allowance for sales returns and allowances (1.0) Year ended January 1, 2022 Allowance for credit losses (1.0) Allowance for sales returns and allowances ) (1.0) ) Year ended January 2, 2021 Allowance for credit losses ) Allowance for sales returns and allowances ) 
 ______________ 
 (1) Additions charged to expense and other accounts include amounts from immaterial business combinations. 
 F-55 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 masi-20221231x10kexx44.htm
 EX-4.4

Document 

Exhibit 4.4 

 D ESCRIPTION O F S ECURITIES O F M ASIMO C ORPORATION 
 The authorized capital stock of Masimo Corporation (the Company consists of 
 100,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value Common Stock and 
 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value Preferred Stock ), of which 70,000 shares have been designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 Common Stock 
 Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation or as required by applicable law, all shares of Common Stock have the same rights and privileges and rank equally, share ratably and are identical in all respects as to all matters, including, without limitation, those described below 
 Voting rights. Each holder of Common Stock is entitled to one vote per share for the election of directors and on all other matters that require stockholder approval. Holders of Common Stock do not have any cumulative voting rights. As further described below in the section titled Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Delaware Law Classified Board of Directors , the Certificate of Incorporation and the Company s Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), provide for a classified board of directors consisting of three classes of approximately equal size, each serving staggered three-year terms. There is no provision for cumulative voting for the election of directors, which means that more than one-half of the shares voted can elect all of the directors then standing for election. Except as provided under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL or the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws, action on a matter is approved if the votes cast favoring the action exceed a majority of the number of votes cast with respect to such matter. 
 Dividend rights. The holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably the dividends out of funds legally available if the Company s board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and only at the times and in the amounts that the Company s board of directors may determine and will depend upon the Company s earnings, if any, capital requirements, operating and financial conditions and on such other factors as the Company s board of directors deems relevant. 
 Liquidation rights. Upon the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining, subject to the prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights and payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. 
 No preemptive or similar rights. The Common Stock does not carry any preemptive, conversion or subscription rights enabling a holder to subscribe for, or receive shares of, any class of Common Stock or any other securities convertible into shares of any class of Common Stock. The Common Stock is not subject to redemption or sinking fund provisions. 
 Anti-Takeover provisions. The section below titled Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Delaware Law is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Listing 
 The Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol MASI. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Under the Certificate of Incorporation, the Company s board of directors has the authority, without further action by stockholders, to designate one or more series of Preferred Stock and to fix the designations, powers, preferences, qualifications, limitations, restrictions and relative rights granted to or imposed upon the Preferred Stock, including voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions), dividend rights and rates, terms concerning the distribution of assets, conversion or exchange terms, redemption prices and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be preferential to or greater than the rights of the Common Stock. 

The Company s board of directors may authorize the issuance of Preferred Stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of Common Stock. The issuance of Preferred Stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction that might involve a premium price for holders of the shares or that holders might believe to be in their best interests. 
 The Company s board of directors may specify the following characteristics of any Preferred Stock 
 the title and stated value of the Preferred Stock 
 the number of shares of the Preferred Stock offered, the liquidation preference per share and the offering price of the Preferred Stock 
 the dividend rate(s), period(s) or payment date(s) or method(s) of calculation applicable to the Preferred Stock 
 whether dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative and, if cumulative, the date from which dividends on the Preferred Stock will accumulate 
 the Company s right, if any, to defer payment of dividends and the maximum length of any such deferral period 
 the procedures for any auction and remarketing, if any, for the Preferred Stock 
 the provisions for a sinking fund, if any, for the Preferred Stock 
 the provision for redemption, if applicable, of the Preferred Stock 
 any listing of the Preferred Stock on any securities exchange 
 the terms and conditions, if applicable, upon which the Preferred Stock will be convertible into Common Stock, including the conversion price or manner of calculation and conversion period 
 voting rights, if any, of the Preferred Stock 
 whether interests in the Preferred Stock will be represented by depositary shares 
 the relative ranking and preferences of the Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and rights upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company s affairs 
 any limitations on issuance of any class or series of Preferred Stock ranking senior to or on a parity with the class or series of Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company s affairs and 
 any other specific terms, preferences, rights, limitations or restrictions of the Preferred Stock. 
 Unless the Company s board of directors specifies otherwise, the Preferred Stock will rank, relating to dividends and upon the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up 
 senior to all classes or series of the Common Stock and to all of the Company s equity securities ranking junior to the Preferred Stock 
 on a parity with all of the equity securities the terms of which specifically provide that the Company s equity securities rank on a parity with the Preferred Stock and 
 junior to all of Company s equity securities the terms of which specifically provide that the equity securities rank senior to the Preferred Stock. 
 Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock 
 The Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock has the following rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions 
 Voting rights. Each share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to 1,000 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders. 
 Dividend rights. The holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Company s board of directors out of fund legally available for that purpose, quarterly dividends payable in cash on the first day of April, July, October and January in each year (each such date being referred to herein as a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date ), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, in an amount per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (i) 10.00 or (ii) subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, 1,000 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 1,000 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or a 

2 

subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, by reclassification or otherwise) declared on shares of Common Stock since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. 
 Dividend in Arrears. If any time dividends on any Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock are in arrears in an amount equal to six quarterly dividends thereon, and during the period from such time until the time when all accrued and unpaid dividends for all previous quarterly dividend periods and for the current quarterly dividend period on all shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock then outstanding shall have been declared and paid or set apart for payment, all holders of Preferred Stock (including holders of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock) with dividends in arrears in an amount equal to six quarterly dividends thereon, voting as a class, irrespective of series, shall have the right to elect two directors to the Company s board of directors. 
 Liquidation rights. Upon the Company s liquidation (voluntary or otherwise), dissolution or winding-up, no distribution shall be made to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, including the Common Stock, unless the holders of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have received an amount equal to 1,000 per share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of such payment (the Series A Liquidation Preference ). Following the payment of the full amount of the Series A Liquidation Preference, no additional distributions shall be made to the holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall have received an amount per share (the Common Adjustment equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Series A Liquidation Preference by (ii) 1,000 (as appropriately adjusted) (such number in clause (ii), the Adjustment Number ). Following the payment of the full amount of the Series A Liquidation Preference and the Common Adjustment in respect of all outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and Common Stock, respectively, holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and holders of shares of Common Stock shall receive their ratable and proportionate share of the remaining assets to be distributed in the ratio of the Adjustment Number to one with respect to such Preferred Stock and Common Stock, on a per share basis, respectively. 
 Redemption. The shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable. 
 No preemptive or similar rights. The Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock does not carry any preemptive, conversion or subscription rights enabling a holder to subscribe for, or receive shares of, any class of Common Stock or Preferred Stock or any other securities convertible into shares of any class of Common Stock. The Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock is not subject to redemption or sinking fund provisions. 
 Ranking. The Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall rank junior to all other series of Preferred Stock, and to any other class of Preferred Stock that may be issued by the Company, unless the terms of any such series or class provides otherwise. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Delaware Law 
 Certain provisions of Delaware law and the Certificate of Incorporation contain provisions that could make the following transactions more difficult acquisition of the Company by means of a tender offer acquisition of the Company by means of a proxy contest or otherwise or removal of the Company s incumbent officers and directors. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in the Company s best interests, including transactions that might result in a premium over the market price for the Company s capital stock. 
 These provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate with the Company s board of directors. The Company believes that the benefits of increased protection of the Company s potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure the Company outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

3 

Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 
 The Company is subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits persons deemed interested stockholders from engaging in a business combination with a publicly-held Delaware corporation for three years following the date these persons become interested stockholders unless the business combination is, or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder was, approved in a prescribed manner or another prescribed exception applies. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. The existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by the board of directors, such as discouraging takeover attempts that might result in a premium over the market price of the Common Stock. 
 Blank Check Preferred Stock 
 The Company s board of directors is authorized to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of blank check Preferred Stock. Without further stockholder approval, the Company s board of directors has the authority to attach special rights, including voting and dividend rights, to this Preferred Stock. As a result, the holders of the Preferred Stock could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire the Company. These and other provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of the Company. 
 No Stockholder Action by Written Consent Special Meetings 
 The Certificate of Incorporation eliminates the right of stockholders to act by written consent without a meeting and the right to call a special meeting of stockholders or to require that the board of directors call a special meeting, except as may be required by statute. 
 Number of Directors Filling Vacancies Removal 
 The Certificate of Incorporation provides that the number of directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Company s board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships. 
 The Certificate of Incorporation provides for the removal of any of the Company s directors only for cause and requires a stockholder vote by the holders of at least 75 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the Company s capital stock then entitled to vote at an election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 Furthermore, in the event of a vacancy on the Company s board of directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of the board, unless otherwise required by law or by resolution of the Company s board of directors, such vacancy shall be filled only by a majority vote of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum (and not by stockholders), and directors so chosen shall serve for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of office of the class to which they have been chosen expires or until such director s successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. This system of electing and removing directors and filling vacancies may tend to discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company, because it generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors. 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 The Company s board of directors is divided into three classes and each class shall consist, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire board of directors. The directors in each class serve for a three-year term, one class being elected each year by the Company s stockholders, with staggered three-year terms. Only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of the Company s stockholders, with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. The classified board provision will help to assure the continuity and stability of the Company s board of directors, the business strategies and policies. The classification of the Company s board of directors will have the effect of requiring at least two annual stockholder meetings, instead of one, to replace a majority of the authorized directors, which could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company or of management and making it more difficult 

4 

for a third party to obtain control of the board of directors through a proxy contest, which may be a necessary step in an acquisition of the Company that is not favored by the board of directors. Except as in the event of a contested election of directors where a plurality of the votes cast is sufficient, at all meetings of stockholders for the election of directors a majority of the votes cast is required at any meeting for the election of directors. 
 Choice of Forum 
 The Bylaws provide that, unless the Company consents to an alternative forum, the state or federal courts located within the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee or stockholder of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action asserting claims under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), may be brought in state or federal court, subject to applicable law. This exclusive forum provision is not intended to apply to any actions brought under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. However, the Bylaws do not relieve the Company of its duty to comply with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and the Company s stockholders will not be deemed to have waived the Company s compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 
 This exclusive forum provision in the Bylaws may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company and its directors, officers and other employees. In addition, stockholders who do bring a claim in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Delaware. Furthermore, the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies governing documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. 

5 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.56>
 3
 masi-20221231x10kexx1056.htm
 EX-10.56

Document 
 Disclaimer This document is an English translation of the Japanese original and is intended for reference purposes only. All questions that may arise within or without courts of law in regard to the meaning of the words, provisions, and stipulations of the Agreement shall be decided in accordance with the Japanese text. 
 Exhibit 10.56 

 Revenue Stamp JPY 200 as of March 2018 Account Number Not needed for Overdraft with Special Conditions 
 
 Agreement for Partial Change of Agreement on Overdraft 
 Date (2023 02 17) 
 To Mizuho Bank, Ltd. Address of Borrower Name of Borrower Seal registered for loan transactions Address of Guarantor Name of Guarantor Registered Seal 
 
 I we (the Borrower hereby agree to the following amendments effective ___2020 02 27_____ (date yyyy mm dd) with regard to the _ Original Agreement ____ (Including latter amendments. Hereafter Original Agreement concluded on ____2023 02 28____ (date yyyy mm dd). 
 The Guarantor also approves this change and continues to act as Guarantor, jointly and severally with the Borrower, to assume the guarantee obligation. 
 Term or Condition to be Amended Agreement prior to Amendment Agreement post Amendment Maximum Aggregate Amount of Overdraft JPY 800,000,000 JPY 3,000,000,000 Transaction Tenor yyyy mm dd Date yyyy mm dd Addition of Automatic Extension Provision Irrespective of any agreement for automatic extension of Transaction Tenor under the existing agreement, the Transaction Tenor shall be extended for a further period of 1 year and the same shall apply thereafter. Automatic extension shall only occur in the event there is no written request from the Borrower or the Bank to terminate transactions under this agreement prior to the expiration of the new Transaction Tenor. 
 Removal of Automatic Extension Provision Removal of provision for automatic extension of the Transaction Tenor. 
 
 Request 
 Please mark the Term or Condition to be amended with an O in the left column and complete both the Agreement prior to Amendment & Agreement post Amendment columns. 

In regard to Addition of Automatic Extension Provision , please complete the corresponding row with the new period (e.g. 1 year). 
 (Effect of Demands for Performance) 
 The Borrower agrees that if the Bank makes a performance demand to one of its present or future guarantors, the performance demand shall also be effective against the Borrower. 
 (Representations pertaining to information provision) Applicable only if the guaranteed obligation includes an obligation incurred - or to be incurred - for the business and if this agreement alters the principal of the guaranteed obligation, interest on the guaranteed obligation, penalties, damages and other provisions subordinate to the guaranteed obligation adversely to the Guarantor 
 (1) The Borrower provided the Guarantor with accurate information inclusive of information provided to the Bank regarding the following matters. 
 1. Property and Income Details 
 2. Existence, amount and performance of obligations owed other than the guaranteed obligation(s) herein 
 3. In the event collateral is offered or intended to be offered for the guaranteed obligation, a statement to that effect and the details thereof 
 (2) The Guarantor was provided by the Borrower with the information necessary to determine whether or not to provide a guarantee with respect to the following statements. 
 1. Property and Income Details 
 2. Existence, amount and performance of obligations owed other than the guaranteed obligation(s) herein 
 3. In the event collateral is offered or intended to be offered for the guaranteed obligation, a statement to that effect and the details thereof 

End 
 (Bank Internal Use) Automatic Extension Y N Controller Collation PIC CIF No. Circular No. 

</EX-10.56>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 masi-20221231x10kex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 Subsidiaries of the Registrant - 2022 
 The following are wholly-owned subsidiaries of the registrant, Masimo Corporation, a Delaware corporation 
 Name of Subsidiary State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 
 Masimo Americas, Inc. Delaware Masimo de Mexico Holdings I LLC Delaware Masimo de Mexico Holdings II LLC Delaware Masimo Holdings LLC Delaware SpO2.com, Inc. Delaware SEDLine, Inc. Delaware Masimo Australia Pty Ltd Australia Masimo esterreich GmbH Austria Masimo Importacao e Distribuicao de Produtos Medicos Ltda Brazil Masimo Holdings LP Cayman Masimo (China) Medical Technology Co., Ltd. China Masimo Europe Ltd. England and Wales Masimo Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Masimo Medical Technologies India Private Limited India Masimo Japan Kabushiki Kaisha Japan Masimo Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Masimo Canada ULC Nova Scotia Masimo Peru Srl Peru Masimo Asia Pacific PTE. Ltd. Singapore Masimo International SARL Switzerland Masimo International Technologies SARL Switzerland Masimo Medikal r nler Ticaret Limited irketi Turkey Masimo Semiconductor, Inc. Delaware Masimo Sweden AB Sweden 52 Discovery, LLC California Masimo 25 Sagamore, LLC New Hampshire Masimo Korea, LLC South Korea Masimo Polska sp. Z.o.o. Poland Masimo 17, LLC California Masimo (Shanghai) Industrial Co., Ltd. China Patient Doctor Technologies, Inc. Delaware 
 
 -1- 

Name of Subsidiary State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 
 Alton Office Property, LLC Delaware Alton Office Holdings, LLC Delaware OC Property Ventures LLC Delaware OC Property Shelter LLC Delaware Masimo Saudi Arabia for Trading, LLC Saudi Arabia VCCB Holdings, Inc. Delaware TNI medical AG Germany Masimo Technology Caf LLC California Masimo LHC, Limited United Kingdom LiDCO Group Limited, Plc United Kingdom LiDCO Limited United Kingdom Cassette Analytical Systems Limited United Kingdom LiDCO Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Masimo Medikal r nler Ticaret Limited irketi stanbul ubesi Turkey Masimo Deutschland GmbH Germany Masimo Gulf, LLC Qatar Masimo Medical Technologies (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd. Malaysia Sonic Boom Acquisition Corp. Delaware Viper Holdings Corporation Delaware DEI Holdings, Inc. Florida DEI Sales, Inc. Florida D&M Holdings U.S. Inc. Delaware Sound United, LLC Delaware Sound United Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong DEI China Holding, Limited Hong Kong Equity International LLC Massachusetts D&M Holding Inc. Japan D&M Sales and Marketing Korea Ltd. Korea D&M Sales and Marketing Taiwan Ltd. Taiwan D&M Digital Audio Trading (Shanghai) Ltd. China D&M Shanghai Electronics, Ltd. China D&M Sales & Marketing (H.K.) Limited Hong Kong 
 
 -2- 

Name of Subsidiary State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 
 D&M Europe B.V. Netherlands D&M Holdings U.S. Inc. Delaware D&M Manufacturing (HK) Co. Limited Hong Kong D&M Audiovisual Ltd United Kingdom D&M France SAS France D&M Germany GmbH Germany D&M (Zhong Shan) Co. Ltd. China D & M Sales & Marketing Americas LLC Delaware D&M Direct, Inc. Delaware D&M Premium Sound Solutions, LLC Delaware Sound United Sales & Marketing Australia (Pty) Limited Australia Sound United Canada Inc. Canada Sound United Australia Pty Ltd Australia Sound Electronics (Shenzhen) Co Ltd China Polk Audio, LLC Delaware Definitive Technology, LLC Delaware Digital Networks North America Inc. Delaware The Speaker Company Delaware Denon Electronics (USA), LLC Delaware Boston Acoustics, Inc. Delaware B&W Group Asia Limited Hong Kong B&W Group Ltd. United Kingdom B&W Group Asia Limited Hong Kong B&W Group China Limited China B&W Group Germany GmbH Germany B&W Loudspeakers Group Espana S.A. Spain B&W Group France SARL France B&W Loudspeakers Nederland B.V. Netherlands B&W Group (Schweiz) GmbH Switzerland B&W Group Belgium NV Belgium B&W Group Finland Oy Finland B & W Group (Logistics) Ltd United Kingdom 
 
 -3- 

Name of Subsidiary State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 
 Bowers & Wilkins Trading Zhuhai Company Ltd China B & W Loudspeakers Ltd United Kingdom Bowers & Wilkins Korea Inc. South Korea Bowers & Wilkins Japan Ltd Japan Marantz Shanghai Trading Ltd. China Marantz America LLC Delaware Marantz Italy Srl Italy Nura Holdings Pty Ltd Australia Nura Operations Pty Ltd Australia Nura USA Operations Inc. Delaware Nura International Limited Company United Kingdom Shenzhen Nura Electroacoustic Technology Ltd China 

-4- 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 masi-20221231x10kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC 
 ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements, financial statement schedule, and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Masimo Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Masimo Corporation on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-148149, effective December 19, 2007 File No. 333-157673, effective March 4, 2009 File No. 333-168534, effective August 4, 2010 File No. 333-179557, effective February 17, 2012 File No. 333-186692, effective February 15, 2013 File No. 333-194089, effective February 24, 2014 File No. 333-219207, effective July 10, 2017 File No. 333-234386, effective October 30, 2019, and File No. 333-240152, effective July 28, 2020) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-262770, effective February 16, 2022). 
 
 s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Newport Beach, California 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 masi-20221231x10kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Joe Kiani, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Masimo Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated February 28, 2023 s J OE K IANI 
 Joe Kiani Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 masi-20221231x10kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Micah Young, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Masimo Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated February 28, 2023 s M ICAH Y OUNG 
 Micah Young Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 masi-20221231x10kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Joe Kiani, Chief Executive Officer of Masimo Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 28, 2023 s J OE K IANI 
 Joe Kiani Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

I, Micah Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Masimo Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 28, 2023 s M ICAH Y OUNG 
 Micah Young Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 A signed original of these certifications has been provided to Masimo Corporation and will be retained by Masimo Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 These certifications are being furnished solely to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Masimo Corporation, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 59
 masi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 60
 masi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 61
 masi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 62
 masi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 63
 masi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

