<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1781629_0001781629-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1617002</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>47092</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>410561</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>361129</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>316072</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>442785</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001781629-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224141745
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001781629-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ankam Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001781629
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				611900749
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-255392
		FILM NUMBER:		23665871

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5348 VEGAS DRIVE
		CITY:			VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		995599420389

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5348 VEGAS DRIVE
		CITY:			VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001781629-23-000004.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 ankam10k_2022.htm

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

[ ] Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 

or 

[ ] Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

7370 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 
 
 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) 

Bakur Kalichava 
 , , 
 , 
 + - 

(Address, including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, 
 including
Area Code, of Registrant's Principal Executive Office) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/a 
 
 N/a 
 
 N/a 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

None 
 
 (Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K. 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated Filer 
 [ ] 
 Accelerated Filer 
 [ ] 

[X] 
 Smaller reporting company 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

The aggregate market value of the shares Ankam Inc. common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of of the last business
day of the registrant s fiscal year November 30, 2022 was . 

 State the number of shares outstanding of each of
the issuer's classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: common shares issued and outstanding as of February
21, 2023. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 4 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 4 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 4 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 4 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 4 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 4 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 5 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 5 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 8 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 8 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 21 
 
 Item 9A (T). 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 21 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 22 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 22 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 24 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 24 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 25 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 25 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits. 
 26 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10 K Summary. 
 26 

Signatures 
 26 

PART I 

 Item 1. Business. 

Business Strategy 

Ankam Inc. (the Company was incorporated
in August 2018 under the laws of the State of Nevada. Ankam Inc. actively works in two directions: application development MoneySaver
App and crypto wallet project. 

MoneySaver App is an application created to aggregate
various discount cards on a mobile device. The main advantage of the MoneySaver App is the user can get easy access to any discounts at
any moment from anywhere. The idea of the app appeared as a way of simplifying the use of discount cards, enabling people to share them
with anyone and getting new discounts. 

Simultaneously, Ankam Inc. is focused on the development
and implementation the cryptocurrency wallet project. The Company creates a service with the ability to manage cryptocurrency funds. As
an additional option, the functionality for real-time monitoring of cryptocurrency price changes with news overviews will be implemented
as well. 

The cryptocurrency wallet will have the functionality
of buying coin by bank deposit and payment gateway. In addition, it will have a deposit, withdrawal, referral system, membership system,
blocked coin, as well as getting bonus, and many other functions required to launch the wallet. The real-time monitoring function of cryptocurrency
price changes will allow users to stay up to date, as well as those interested in news in the sphere of cryptocurrency. This service functionality
is convenient and practical, as it enables users to perform all the transactions they need in one service, which, as a
result, will save their time and efforts. 

The project will be released as a web version https://wallet.ankam.net/
as well as an app. Users will be able to download a mobile app to keep the service always at hand, while the website will allow them to
access their account from anywhere. 

According to its wide functionality and ease of use,
it will be the perfect platform to create your own cryptocurrency wallet. 

Marketing 

 The Company will begin its marketing program
online, where our potential customers are likely to be able and willing to associate. 

 Advertising 

With limited funds, the Company will rely on management
for advertising decisions. The company has developed an overall advertising scenario, which it has implemented in preliminary form. As
more funds become available, the advertising budget will increase in a commensurate manner. 

Employees 

We have no employees other than our Director and President. 

3 

Description of Property 

Our current
office space is located at Besiki Business Center, Besiki 4, corner with Rustavelli Ave., Tbilisi, Georgia. The premises are provided
to us by our President, Bakur Kalichava, for no consideration and is a home office . We believe these facilities are
in good condition, but that we may need to expand our space as our research and development efforts increase. 

Legal Proceedings 

We are not involved in certain legal claims or proceedings,
nor have we ever been. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We do not own any real estate or other properties.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We know of no legal proceedings to which we are a
party or to which any of our property is the subject which are pending, threatened or contemplated or any unsatisfied judgments against
us. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our common stock is not currently traded on any exchange. We cannot assure
that any market for the shares will develop or be sustained. 

As of November 30, 2022, no shares of our common stock
are traded. 

Number of Holders 

As of November 30, 2022, the 4,327,996 issued and
outstanding shares of common stock were held by a total of 51 shareholder of record. 

4 

Dividends 

No cash dividends were paid on our shares of common
stock during the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchase of our Equity Securities by Officers
and Directors 

None. 

Other Stockholder Matters 

None. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies . 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Statements made in this Form 10-K that are not historical
or current facts are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933 (the Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements often can be identified by
the use of terms such as may , will , expect , believe , anticipate ,
 estimate , approximate or continue , or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking
statements be subject to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management's best judgment as to what may occur
in the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could
cause actual results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated
or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years ended November 30, 2022, compared to
November 30, 2021 

Revenues 

During the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021,
we have generated total revenue of 1,760 and 0, respectively. 

5 

Operating Expenses 

Total operating expenses for the years ended November
30, 2022 were 57,051 compared to 21,257 for the year ended November 30, 2021. Our operating expenses consisted of general and administrative
costs 26,606 (November 30, 2021 - 3,818), professional fees 17,200 (November 30, 2021 - 17,439) and amortization 13,245 (November
30, 2021 - 0). 

Net Losses 

The net loss for the years ended November 30, 2022,
was 55,291, compared to 21,257 for the year ended November 30, 2021, due to the factors discussed above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of November 30, 2022, our total assets were 446,030
comprised of cash 2,277, accounts receivable 4,800, project in process 198,710, right-of-use asset 169,752 and capitalized software
costs 70,491. Our total liabilities were 492,176 comprised of advances from our director 215,017, deferred revenue of 4,000, lease
liability 149,660 and accounts payable and accrued expenses of 123,499. As of November 30, 2021, our total assets were 10,877, comprised
of cash of 877 and prepaid expenses of 3,265, and capitalized software costs of 6,735. Our total liabilities were 34,072 comprised
of advances from our director. 

Stockholders deficit has increased from 23,195
as of November 30, 2021 to 46,146 as of November 30, 2022. 

The Company has accumulated a deficit of 81,736 as
of November 30, 2022, compared to 26,445 as of November 30, 2021, and further losses are anticipated in the development of its business. 

Net cash flows used in operating activities for the year ended November 30,
2022, were 134,885. 

Net cash flows used in investing activities for the year ended November
30, 2022 were 77,000. 

Net cash flows provided by financing activities for the year ended November
30, 2022, were 213,285. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant
Judgments and Estimates 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid investments
with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with
Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customer . The Company applies
the following five steps in order to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under
each of its agreements: 

6 

Step 1: Identify the contract with a customer 

 Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the
contract 

 Step 3: Determine the transaction price 

 Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract 

 Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity
satisfies a performance obligation 

The Company recognizes revenue when title, ownership, and risk of loss
pass to the customer, all of which occurs upon shipment or delivery of the product. There are no additional performance obligations. The
transaction price is fixed in the invoice. The company does not apply discounts. 

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts 

Accounts receivable are recorded at invoiced amount
and generally do not bear interest. An allowance for doubtful accounts is established, as necessary, based on past experience and other
factors which, in management's judgment, deserve current recognition in estimating bad debts. Such factors include growth and composition
of accounts receivable, the relationship of the allowance for doubtful accounts to accounts receivable, and current economic conditions. 

Allowances for doubtful accounts are determined based
on assessing the Company s portfolio on an individual customer and on an overall basis. This process consists of a review of historical
collection experience, current aging status of the customer account, and the financial condition of the Company s customers. Based
on a review of these factors, the Company establishes or adjusts the allowance for specific customers and the accounts receivable portfolio
as a whole. 

As of November 30, 2022, an allowance for doubtful
accounts was not considered necessary as all accounts receivable were deemed collectible. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset s carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company conducts
its long-lived asset impairment analyses in accordance with ASC 360-10-15, Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . 
ASC 360-10-15 requires the Company to group assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent
of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities and evaluate the asset group against the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows.
If the undiscounted cash flows do not indicate the carrying amount of the asset is recoverable, an impairment charge is measured as the
amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value based on discounted cash flow analysis or appraisals. 

Capitalized Software Costs 

The Company capitalizes the application development
phase costs of internal use software in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350-40, Intangibles-Goodwill
and Other-Internal Use Software . Capitalized costs will be amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life
of the asset upon completion. 

7 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of November 30, 2022, we did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Limited Operating History and Need for Additional
Capital 

There is no historical financial information about
us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up stage operations and have generated limited revenues. Our business
is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost
overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products. 

We have no assurance that future financing will
be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or
expand our operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data . 

8 

INDEX TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ANKAM INC. 

NOVEMBER 30, 2022 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (ID: 

10 

Balance Sheets as of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 
 
 11 

Statements of Operations for the years ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 
 
 12 

Statement of Stockholders Deficit as of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 
 
 13 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 
 
 14 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 15 

9 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Stockholder
of Ankam, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of Ankam, Inc. (the Company) as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit,
and cash flows for each of the years then ended and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of November
30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3, the Company had minimal revenues
and incurred losses as of November 30, 2022 and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues to cover operating
costs over an extended period of time. These factors, and the need for additional financing in order for the Company to meet its business
plans, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified with respect
to that matter. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

February 21, 2023 

3001
N. Rocky Point Dr. East Suite 200 Tampa,
Florida 33607 813.367.3527 

10 

ANKAM INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

November 30, 
 2022 
 
 November 30, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Right-of-use asset, net 

Total current assets 

Project in process 

Capitalized software costs, net 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Related party loan 

Lease liability 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT: 

Common stock: par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 () 

() 

Total stockholders deficit 
 
 () 

() 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

11 

ANKAM INC. 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For year ended November 30, 2022 

For year ended November 30, 2021 

REVENUE: 

EXPENSES: 

General and administrative expenses 

Professional fees 

Amortization 

Total expenses 

Loss before income taxes 
 
 () 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

NET LOSS 
 
 () 

() 

Net loss per common share - basic 
 
 () 

() 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

12 

ANKAM INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common Stock 
 
 Common Stock Subscribed 
 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Total Stockholders' Deficit 

Shares 
 
 Amount 

Balance as of November 30, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Collection of stock subscription receivable 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of November 30, 2021 

() 

() 

Common stock issued for cash 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of November 30, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

13 

ANKAM INC. 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For year ended November 
 30, 2022 

For year ended 
 November 
 30, 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Amortization expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 ) 

Prepaid expenses 

) 
 
 Right-of-use asset/liability, net 
 
 ) 

Project in process 
 
 ) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Cash Flow from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of software 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Collection of stock subscription receivable 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 

Related party activity, net 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD 

CASH AT THE END OF THE PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

OTHER CASH FINANCING ACTIVITY: 

Server rental agreement 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

14 

ANKAM INC. 

 NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOVEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021 

ANKAM INC. 

 NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOVEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021 

ANKAM INC. 

 NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOVEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021 

17 

ANKAM INC. 

 NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOVEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021 

ANKAM INC. 

 NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOVEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021 

and 
as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for unpaid operating advances. This loan is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on
demand. 

Less: valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Net provision for federal income taxes 

Less: valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax
Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards of approximately 81,736 as of November 30, 2022, for federal income tax reporting
purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to
use in future years. 

19 

ANKAM INC. 

 NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOVEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021 

20 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None 

Item 9A(T). Controls and Procedures. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
over Financial Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). The Company s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation
of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer at the time, the Company conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022, using the criteria established
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in 2013. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022, the Company determined that there were control
deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below. 

1. The Company does not have an adequate internal control structure or adequate oversight over financial
reporting The Company has only one member of management whom is also the Company s sole director, therefore the Company
lacks adequate segregation of duties. Further, the Company currently has no Audit Committee. While not being legally obligated to have
an audit committee, it is the management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost important
entity level control over the Company s financial statement. Currently the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of the Audit
Committee, and does not include a member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management s
activities. Lastly, due to the minimal operations and small size of the Company we have not employed individuals that have the necessary
accounting knowledge and expertise to ensure accurate financial reporting under US GAAP. 

2. The Company lacks appropriate information technology controls As of November 30, 2022, the Company
retains copies of all financial data and material agreements; however, there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of the
Company s data or off-site storage of data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors. 

Accordingly, the Company concluded that these control
deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. 

As a result of the material weaknesses described above,
management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022,
based on criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by COSO in 2013. 

21 

System of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including
its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

-On November 30, 2022, under the supervision and with
the participation of our management at the time, an evaluation was conducted of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of November 30, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting during the annual period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTER AND CONTROL PERSONS 

The name, age and titles of our executive officer and director is
as follows: 

Name and Address of Executive Officer and/or Director 
 Age 
 Position 

Bakur Kalichava 
 
 29 
 
 President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 
 (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Mr. Kalichava
holds a Bachelor s degree in Economics and Business in Ivane Javakhishvili Tbilisi State University. Prior to engaging as a Director
of the Company, from 2019, Mr. Kalichava has been working with Geo Trade LTD, a Georgian company. The company's main activities include
the development of specialized and heavy equipment imports in Georgia. At the same time, Mr. Kalichava commenced his career in operations
management and software functional testing. 

22 

During the past ten years, Mr. Kalichava 
has not been the subject to any of the following events: 

Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which Mr. Kalichava 
was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

 Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal
proceeding. 

 An order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
or any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting Mr. Kalichava s 
involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

 Found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities
and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Future Trading Commission to violate a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the
judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

 Was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right to engage
in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

 Was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the
Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has
not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

 Was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative
order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i. Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

ii. Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited
to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist
order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

iii. Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity;
or 

8. Was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity
(as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or
organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 The Board of Directors has determined that there are
no independent directors as such term is defined in Section 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq listing rules, and meets the criteria
for independence set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The preceding disclosure respecting director
independence is required under applicable SEC rules. The Board of Directors has determined that at least one member of the board, Mr.
 Kalichava , is an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined in
Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Mr. Kalichava is not
an independent member of the board as described above. The Board of Directors has determined that director is able to read
and understand fundamental financial statements. 

23 

BOARD AND COMMITTEE MATTERS 

 The Company does not have a standing nominating committee,
compensation committee or audit committee. Instead, the entire Board of Directors shares the responsibility of identifying potential director-nominees
to serve on the Board of Directors and performing the functions of an audit committee. The Board believes the engagement of directors
in these functions is important at this time in the Company s development in light of the Company s recent activities. 

COMMUNICATIONS WITH BOARD MEMBERS 

 Our board of directors has provided the following
process for shareholders and interested parties to send communications to our board and/or individual directors. All communications should
be addressed to Ankam, 5348 Vegas Drive, Las Vegas, Nevada, 89108. Communications to individual director may also be made at our company s
address. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth certain information about compensation paid,
earned or accrued for services by our Executive Officer for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021: 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 
 
 Bonus ) 
 
 Stock Awards ) 
 
 Option Awards ) 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 
 All Other Compensation ) 

Total ) 

Bakur Kalichava 
 
 President, Secretary and Treasurer 
 
 2022 
 
 12,000 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

-12,000- 

2021 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

-0- 

There is a current employment agreement between the Company and its Officer. 

Mr. Kalichava currently devotes all of his time to
manage the affairs of the Company. He has agreed to work with no remuneration until such time as the Company receives sufficient revenues
necessary to provide management salaries. At this time, we cannot accurately estimate when sufficient revenues will occur to implement
this compensation, or what the amount of the compensation will be. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth certain
information relating to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of February 21, 2023, by: 

each person, or group of
affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than five percent of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 

 24 

each of our directors; 

each of our named executive
officers; and 

all directors and executive
officers as a group. 

Title of Class 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage 
 
 Common Stock 
 Bakur Kalichava 
 3,250,000 shares of common stock (direct) 
 75.092 

) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC which generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power
and/or investment power with respect to those securities. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power are exercised solely
by the person named above or shared with members of such person s
household. This includes any shares such person has the right to acquire within 60 days. 

Percent of class is calculated on the basis of
the number of fully diluted shares outstanding on November 30, 2022 (4,327,996). 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 

The Company s sole director has advances in
the amount of 215,017 due to him as of November 30, 2022. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following is a summary of the fees billed to us by our independent
auditors (Accell Audit Compliance, P.A.) for professional services rendered related to the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022
and 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees 

16,000 

16,000 

Audit Related Fees 

- 

- 

Tax Fees 

- 

- 

All Other Fees 

- 

- 

Total 

16,000 

16,000 

) Fees for all services were pre-approved by the Board of Directors. 

Audit Fees. Consists of fees billed for professional
services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of the interim financial statements included in quarterly reports
and services in connection with registration statement filings and statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-Related Fees. Consists of fees billed
for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and
are not reported under Audit Fees. 

Tax Fees. Consists of fees billed for professional
services for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

25 

All Other Fees. Consists of fees for products
and services other than the services reported above. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

As permitted, the registrant has elected not to supply
a summary of information required by Form 10-K. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ANKAM INC. 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Bakur Kalichava 

Name: Bakur Kalichava 
 Title: President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director, Chief Executive
 Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

26 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exh31.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification 

I,
 Bakur Kalichava ,
certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ankam
Inc. ; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) 
 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability o 
 
 f
 financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles; 

c) 
 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

ANKAM 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Bakur
 Kalichava 

Name: Bakur Kalichava 
 Title: President, Secretary, Treasurer,
 Director, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting
 Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 exh32.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Ankam Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30,
2022 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report I, Bakur Kalichava, Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

ANKAM 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Bakur
 Kalichava 

Name: 

 Bakur Kalichava 
 
 Title: President, Secretary, Treasurer,
 Director, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting
 Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 none-20221130.xsd

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 none-20221130_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 none-20221130_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 none-20221130_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

