<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1314196_0001213900-23-024330.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8186907</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>350284</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2681215</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1707954</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1728834</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1530712</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024330.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330093208
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024330
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OLB GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001314196
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				133712553
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39435
		FILM NUMBER:		23777479

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1120 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-278-0900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1120 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024330.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_theolbgroup.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices with Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: . 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, .0001 par value 

Title
of Class 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates: based on 9,656,911 non
affiliate shares outstanding at 1.90 per share, which is the price at which the common shares were last sold on the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

As
of March 28, 2023, there were shares of the issuer s common stock outstanding. 

THE
OLB GROUP, INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 46 

Item 2. 
 Property 
 46 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 47 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 47 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
 Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 48 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 49 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operation 
 49 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market
 Risk 
 52 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
 and Financial Disclosure 
 53 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 53 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 54 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
 Inspections. 
 54 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 55 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 59 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
 Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 62 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
 Director Independence 
 63 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 65 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, and Financial Statement Schedules 
 66 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 67 

Signatures 
 68 

i 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

Unless
the context indicates otherwise, as used in this Annual Report, the terms OLB, we, us, our, 
 our company and our business refer, to The OLB Group, Inc., including its subsidiaries named herein. Certain
statements, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives,
and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believes, project, expects, 
 anticipates, estimates, intends, strategy, plan, may, 
 will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar
expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties
which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual
effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and
future prospects include, but are not limited to: changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital,
interest rates, competition, and generally accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in
evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 

Overview 

We
are a FinTech company that focuses on a suite of products in the merchant services marketplace and seeks to provide integrated business
solutions to merchants throughout the United States. We seek to provide merchants with a wide range of products and services through
our various online platforms, including financial and transaction processing services. We also have products that provide support for
crowdfunding and other capital raising initiatives. We supplement our online platforms with certain hardware solutions that are integrated
with our online platforms. Our business functions primarily through three wholly-owned subsidiaries, eVance, Inc., a Delaware corporation eVance ), OmniSoft.io, Inc., a Delaware corporation OmniSoft ), and CrowdPay.Us, Inc., a New York corporation CrowdPay ). 

OmniSoft
operates a cloud-based business management platform that provides turnkey solutions for merchants to enable them to build and manage
their retail businesses, whether online or at a brick and mortar location. The OmniSoft platform, which can be accessed
by merchants through any mobile and computing device, allows merchants to, among other features, manage and track inventory, track sales
and process customer transactions and can provide interactive data analysis concerning sales of products and need for additional inventory.
Merchants generally utilize the platform by uploading to the platform information about their inventory (description of units, number
of units, price per unit, and related information). Once such information has been uploaded, merchants, either with their own device
or with hardware that we sell directly to them, are able to utilize the platform to monitor inventory and process and track sales of
their products (including coordinating shipping of their products with third party logistics companies). We manage and maintain the OmniSoft
platform through a variety of domain names or a merchant can integrate our platform with their own domain name. Using the OmniSoft platform,
merchants can check-out their customers at their brick and mortar stores or can sell products to customers
online, in both cases accepting payment via a simple credit card or debit card transaction (either swiping the credit card or entering
the credit card number), a cash payment, or by use of a QR code or loyalty and reward points, and then print or email receipts to the
customer. For more information regarding our OmniSoft platform, see Description of our OmniSoft Business. 

1 

eVance
provides competitive payment processing solutions to merchants which enable merchants to process credit and debit card-based internet
payments for sales of their products at competitive prices (whether such sales occur online or at a brick and mortar location).
eVance is an independent sales organization (an ISO that signs up new merchants on behalf of acquiring banks and processors
that provides financial and transaction processing solutions to merchants throughout the United States. eVance differentiates itself
from other ISOs by focusing on both obtaining and maintaining new merchant contracts for its own account (including, but not limited
to, merchants that utilize the OmniSoft platform) and also obtaining and maintaining merchant contracts obtained by third-party ISOs
(for which we negotiate a shared fee arrangement) and utilizing our own software and technology to provide merchants and other ISOs differentiating
products and software. In particular, we (i) own our own payments gateway, (ii) have proprietary omni-commerce software platform,
(iii) have in-house underwriting and customer service, (iv) have in-house sub-ISO management system which offers sub-ISOs and
agents tools for online boarding, account management, residual reports among other tools, and (v) offer a suite of products in the
financial markets (through CrowdPay). Leveraging our relationship with three of the top five merchant processors in the United States
(representing a majority of the merchant processing market) and with the use of our proprietary software, our payment gateway (which
we call SecurePay enables merchants to reduce the cost of transacting with their customers by removing the need for a
third-party payment gateway solution. eVance operates as both a wholesale ISO and a retail ISO depending on the risk profile of the merchant
and the applicable merchant processor and acquiring bank. As a wholesale ISO, eVance underwrites the processing transactions for merchants,
establishing a direct relationship with the merchant and generating individual merchant processing contracts in exchange for future residual
payments. As a retail ISO, eVance primarily gathers the documents and information that our partners (acquiring banks and acquiring processors)
need to underwrite merchants transactions and as a result receives only residual income as commission for merchants it places
with our partners. For more information regarding the electronic payment industry, see Business Description of our
eVance Business Our Industry. 

We
expect to build out our OmniSoft software business and to rely more on our individualized merchant services offerings to transition away
from our reliance on our eVance business but there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so. 

2 

3 

SecurePay 

SecurePay
is a payment gateway and virtual terminal with proprietary business management tools that is in compliance with the Payment Card Industry
(PCI). 

SecurePay
has been certified by Visa and MasterCard (certified Level II and Level III) and finalized implementation of 3D Secure 
in 2019 (a feature that is unique to what we offer in order to provide for more secure environment for E-commerce and mobile payments
in-store and online). 

On
May 22, 2020, we purchased certain assets from POSaBIT Inc., including its contracts and arrangements with the Doublebeam merchant
payment processing platform. The assets included, but were not limited to, software source codes, customer lists, customer contracts,
hardware and website domains. 

On
November 24, 2021, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Agreement dated as of November 15, 2021 with FFS
Data Corporation Seller whereby we acquired a portfolio of merchants utilizing financial transaction processing
services (the Purchased Assets ). In addition to the Purchased Assets, the Company purchased customer lists,
intellectual property, residuals, rebates, or credits relating to the Purchased Assets accruing from October 1, 2021. The group of
merchants acquired have reported annual transaction volume of greater than 300 million. 

Crowdpay 

CrowdPay.us 
operates a white label capital raising platform that targets small and midsized businesses seeking to raise capital and registered broker-dealers
seeking to host capital raising campaigns for such businesses by integrating the platform onto such company s or broker-dealer s
website. Our CrowdPay platform is tailored for companies seeking to raise money through a crowdfunding offering of between 1 million
and 50 million pursuant to Regulation CF under Title III of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (the JOBS Act ), offerings
pursuant to Rule 506(b) and Rule 506(c) under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and offerings pursuant to Regulation A+ of the Securities Act. Our platform, which can be used for multiple offerings at
once, provides companies and broker-dealers with an easy-to-use, turnkey solution to support company offerings, allowing companies and
broker-dealers to easily present online to potential investors relevant marketing and offering materials and by aiding in the accreditation
and background check processes to ensure investors meets the applicable requirements under the rules and regulations of the Securities
Exchange Commission (the SEC ). CrowdPay charges a fee to each company and broker-dealer for the use of its platform under
a fee structure that is agreed to between CrowdPay and the Company and/or broker-dealer prior to the initiation of the offering. CrowdPay
also generates revenues by providing ancillary services to the companies and broker-dealers utilizing our platform, including running
background checks and providing anti-money laundering and know-your-customer compliance. CrowdPay is not a registered funding portal
or a registered broker-dealer. 

4 

On
January 3, 2022, the the Company entered into a share exchange agreement with all of the shareholders of Crowd Ignition, Inc. Crowd
Ignition whereby the Company would purchase 100 of the equity of Crowd Ignition in exchange for 1,318,408 shares of the common
stock, par value 0.0001 of the Company (the CI Issued Shares ). The value of the CI Issued Shares was, for purposes of
the Agreement, based on the closing trading price of the Company on October 1, 2021 (the date on which a third-party fairness opinion
was issued), resulting in an aggregate purchase price for Crowd Ignition of 5.3 million. 

Crowd
Ignition is a web-based crowdfunding software system. Ronny Yakov, Chairman and CEO of the Company and John Herzog, a significant shareholder
of the Company, own 100 of the equity of Crowd Ignition. The software provides broker-dealer, merchant banks and law firms a platform
to market crowdfunding offerings, collect payments and issue securities. The software has been developed in response to, and to comply
with, recent changes in investment regulations including Regulation D 506(b) and 506(v), Regulation A+ and Title III of the Jobs Act
(Regulation CF), including raising the crowdfunding limit from 1.07 million to 5.0 million. Crowd Ignition is one of only about 50
companies registered with the SEC to provide the services permitted under Regulation CF. 

OLBit
and DMINT 

On
May 14, 2021, the Company formed OLBit, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary OLBit ). The purpose of OLBit is to hold the Company s
assets and operate its business related to its emerging money transmission and transactional business. OLBit has been in the process
of applying for money transmission licenses in all 50 states along with New York Bitlicense. 

On July 23, 2021, we formed DMINT, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary DMINT to operate in the cryptocurrency mining industry. DMINT initiated the first phase of the cryptocurrency mining operation
by establishing data centers and ASIC-based Antminer S19J Pro mining computers specifically configured to mine Bitcoin in Bradford, Pennsylvania.
As of December 31, 2022, DMINT had 1,000 computers online and mining for Bitcoin. It has six data centers located in Pennsylvania and
Tennessee. Since February 2023, DMINT has been working to redeploy the computers from the Pennsylvania location and focus the mining efforts
at the Selmer, TN location because of the lower cost of operations in the location. It still continues to retain its natural gas rights
in Pennsylvania and, in the event that the operating cost projections lower, it may either redeploy existing computers back to Pennsylvania
or place newly purchased machines at the location. 

On
August 16, 2022, DMINT Real Estate Holdings, Inc. DREH ), a wholly owned subsidiary of purchased 4.73 acres of land and
a building located at 565 Industrial Park Drive, Selmer, McNairy County, Tennessee for a purchase price of 408,000.00. DMINT established
a Bitcoin mining data center powered on the local power grid. The location is expected to have capacity for up to 5,000 mining machines. 

5 

Synergies
between the subsidiaries 

The
success of our business model is dependent on the synergies between the business segments operated by our subsidiaries. We have created
and developed products that we believe, form an ecosystem of e-commerce to provide a variety of clients, from online equity financing
companies or merchants selling online or in brick and mortar stores, with multiple product offerings and ancillary services from underwriting
with the banks and merchant billing from the cloud software. We expect that these synergies will create additional revenue by charging
transaction fees on each service provided to clients by our partnerships with Merchant Acquiring Banks and PCI Compliance. 

We
believe that our wholly-owned subsidiaries combine to create an ecosystem where each subsidiary benefits the other. Starting with the
services provided by eVance, we enable each of our products and platforms to communicate with each other and create an ecosystem among
our products and, potentially, third-party products. 

The
product environment created with a new registered merchant or issuer enables all merchant information to be stored in a single, centralized
location but utilized by all subsidiaries. For example, merchant services utilizing eVance provide electronic payment processing services
that can be utilized for payments on the Crowdfunding platform. The platform is used by merchant services to allow mobile and online
processing to merchants. 

The
Omni commerce platform will be offered to all of the merchant services clients. The offered Merchant Services products we provide will
enable all processing needs for the OmniCommerce system. The gateway will allow merchants that are using the platform to accept online
eCommerce transactions. 

6 

Competitive
Advantages 

We
believe that our platform of services will provide the following key advantages. 

Time
to Market we can create a customized website for retailers within days and have it fully operational in less than 2 weeks. 

Cost 
we believe that we are the only content service provider that does not charge a setup fee. 

Flexibility 
our platform has the flexibility to provide customized solutions for partners. 

Pricing 
we provide partners with a price comparison feature which they can utilize if they wish to set prices for products or run promotions. 

Payment
processing we can provide financial service companies with the ability to have their customers accounts directly
debited for payment. 

We
can assist existing brick mortar businesses that have inventory and fulfilment capability but do not wish to
create and maintain an e-commerce website and infrastructure to sell their products. 

We
can provide a platform for early-stage companies looking for an effective and less costly way to raise capital. 

Risks
Associated with our Business 

Our
business and ability to execute our business strategy are subject to a number of risks of which you should be aware before you decide
to buy our securities. In particular, you should consider the following risks, which are discussed more fully in the section entitled
 Risk Factors in this Annual Report: 

Our
acquisition of eVance and share exchange with OmniSoft and CrowdPay has collectively formed a new business platform which we are continuing
to integrate into our overall operations, and which may create certain risks and may adversely affect our business, financial condition
or results of operations; 

We
operate in a regulatory environment that is evolving and uncertain and any changes to regulations could have a material impact on our
business and financial condition; 

We rely on a combination
 of confidentiality clauses, assignment agreements and license agreements with employees and third parties, trade secrets, copyrights
 and trademarks to protect our intellectual property and competitive advantage, all of which offer only limited protection meaning
 that we may be unable to maintain and protect our intellectual property rights and proprietary information or prevent third-parties
 from making unauthorized use of our technology; 

Our growth may not be sustainable
 and depends on our ability to attract new merchants, retain existing merchants and increase sales to both new and existing merchants; 

While
we believe that we have sufficient capital to continue operations for a period of at least twelve months from the date of this Annual
Report (not giving effect to any proceeds to us from this offering), if there are unanticipated expenses, insufficient cash from operations
or the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic results in a larger than anticipated decline in transactions, we may require additional capital
to continue our operations that may not be available or, if available, may not be available on reasonable terms; 

We
are substantially dependent on our eVance business for revenue. If we are unable to maintain our eVance business for any reason (including
the various reasons described in the risk factors herein) or for no reason, it will have a material adverse effect on our company; 

7 

Our
ability to anticipate and respond to changing industry trends and the needs and preferences of our merchants and consumers may adversely
affect our competitiveness or the demand for our products and services; 

The
properties included in our mining network may experience damages; 

Regulatory changes or actions
 may alter the nature of an investment in us or restrict the use of cryptocurrencies in a manner that adversely affects our business,
 prospects or operations; 

Banks
 and financial institutions may not provide banking services, or may cut off services, to businesses that provide cryptocurrency-related
 services or that accept cryptocurrencies as payment, including financial institutions of investors in our securities; 

It may be illegal now, or in the future, to acquire,
 own, hold, sell or use Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, participate in the blockchain or utilize similar digital assets in one
 or more countries, the ruling of which would adversely affect us. 

Acquisitions create certain
 risks and may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations; and 

If we fail to improve and
 enhance the functionality, performance, reliability, design, security and scalability of our platform in a manner that responds to
 our merchants evolving needs, our business may be adversely affected. 

Regulations 

Various
aspects of our service areas are subject to U.S. federal, state, and local regulation. Certain of our services also are subject to rules
promulgated by various card networks and banking and other authorities as more fully described below. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act 

In
July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law in the United States. The Dodd-Frank Act has resulted in significant structural and
other changes to the regulation of the financial services industry. Among other things, Title X of the Dodd-Frank Act established a new,
independent regulatory agency known as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB to regulate consumer financial
products and services (including some offered by our customers). The CFPB may also have authority over us as a provider of services to
regulated financial institutions in connection with consumer financial products. Separately, under the Dodd-Frank Act, debit interchange
transaction fees that a card issuer receives and are established by a payment card network for an electronic debit transaction are now
regulated by the Federal Reserve and must be reasonable and proportional to the cost incurred by the card issuer in authorizing,
clearing, and settling the transaction. Effective October 1, 2011, the Federal Reserve capped debit interchange rates for card issuers
operating in the United States with assets of 10 billion or more at the sum of 0.21 per transaction and an ad valorem component of
5 basis points to reflect a portion of the issuer s fraud losses plus, for qualifying issuers, an additional 0.01 per transaction
in debit interchange for fraud prevention costs. In addition, the new regulations contain non-exclusivity provisions that ban debit card
networks from prohibiting an issuer from contracting with any other card network that may process an electronic debit transaction involving
an issuer s debit cards and prohibit card issuers and card networks from inhibiting the ability of merchants to direct the routing
of debit card transactions over any network that can process the transaction. Beginning April 1, 2012, all debit card issuers in the
United States were required to participate in at least two unaffiliated debit card networks. On April 1, 2013, the ban on network exclusivity
arrangements became effective for prepaid card and healthcare debit card issuers, with certain exceptions for prepaid cards issued before
that date. 

Effective
July 22, 2010, merchants were allowed to set minimum dollar amounts (not to exceed 10) for the acceptance of a credit card (while federal
governmental entities and institutions of higher education may set maximum amounts for the acceptance of credit cards). They were also
allowed to provide discounts or incentives to entice consumers to pay with an alternative payment method, such as cash, checks or debit
cards. 

8 

Association
and network rules 

We
are subject to the rules of credit card associations and other credit and debit networks. In order to provide processing services, a
number of our subsidiaries are registered with Visa or Mastercard as service providers for member institutions. Various subsidiaries
of ours are also processor level members of numerous debit and electronic benefits transaction networks or are otherwise subject to various
network rules in connection with processing services and other services we provide. As such, we are subject to applicable network rules.
Card networks and their member financial institutions regularly update and generally expand security expectations and requirements related
to the security of cardholder data and environments. We are also subject to network operating rules promulgated by the National Automated
Clearing House Association relating to payment transactions processed by us using the Automated Clearing House Network and to various
state federal and foreign laws regarding such operations, including laws pertaining to electronic benefits transactions. 

Privacy
and information security regulations 

We
provide services that may be subject to various state, federal, and foreign privacy laws and regulations, including, among others, the
Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999 (the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ). These laws and their implementing regulations
restrict certain collection, processing, storage, use, and disclosure of personal information, require notice to individuals of privacy
practices, and provide individuals with certain rights to prevent use and disclosure of protected information. These laws also impose
requirements for the safeguarding and proper destruction of personal information through the issuance of data security standards or guidelines.
Certain federal, state and foreign laws and regulations impose similar privacy obligations and, in certain circumstances, obligations
to notify affected individuals, state officers or other governmental authorities, the media, and consumer reporting agencies, as well
as businesses and governmental agencies, of security breaches affecting personal information. In addition, there are state and foreign
laws restricting the ability to collect and utilize certain types of information such as Social Security and driver s license numbers. 

Unfair
trade practice regulations 

We
and our clients are subject to various federal and state laws prohibiting unfair or deceptive trade practices, such as Section 5 of the
Federal Trade Commission Act. Various regulatory agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission, the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau, and state attorneys general, have authority to take action against parties that engage in unfair or deceptive trade practices
or violate other laws, rules, and regulations, and to the extent we are processing payments for a client that may be in violation of
laws, rules, and regulations, we may be subject to enforcement actions and incur losses and liabilities that may impact our business. 

Anti-money
laundering, anti-bribery, sanctions, and counter-terrorist regulations 

We
are subject to anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including certain sections of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001. We are also subject
to anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA and other laws, that
prohibit the making or offering of improper payments to foreign government officials and political figures and includes anti-bribery
provisions enforced by the Department of Justice and accounting provisions enforced by the SEC. The FCPA has a broad reach and requires
maintenance of appropriate records and adequate internal controls to prevent and detect possible FCPA violations. Many other jurisdictions
where we conduct business also have similar anticorruption laws and regulations. We have policies, procedures, systems, and controls
designed to identify and address potentially impermissible transactions under such laws and regulations. 

We
are also subject to certain economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC which prohibit or restrict transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments, and in certain circumstances,
their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially-designated nationals of those countries, narcotics traffickers,
and terrorists or terrorist organizations. Other group entities may be subject to additional local sanctions requirements in other relevant
jurisdictions. 

9 

Securities
Act 

Since
the JOBS Act was passed, Crowdfunding, Regulation D offerings and Regulation A and A+ offerings rapidly became a familiar concept among
investment firms, venture capitalists, real estate developers and small to medium sized businesses as a way to facilitate and democratize
financing. We believe it has created, and continues to create, a profound shift in the world of investments. Below is a brief overview
of the rules that permit the offer and sale of securities through such platforms. This overview is in no way intended to be a comprehensive
review of all the rules and regulations associated with the above mentioned offerings and should not be relied upon by anyone. 

Regulation
D under the Securities Act is the most common regulatory exemption used small businesses to raise capital through equity financing. It
exempts private placement offerings under Rule 506(b) and 506(c) when sold to accredited investors, as defined under Rule 501 of Regulation
D. Companies relying on the Rule 506 exemptions can raise an unlimited amount of money, so long as they comply with the rule s
requirements. Regulation A and Regulation A+ are more similar to a public offerings, and require filing Form 1-A with the SEC. Regulation
A and Regulation A+ offer two tiers of offerings; the first tier is for offerings of up to 20 million within any 12 month period and
the second tier is for offerings of up to 50 million, within any 12 month period. Regulation CF allows a company to raise up to 1.07
million from non-accredited investors. 

Intellectual
property 

Our
products and services utilize a combination of proprietary software and hardware that we own and license from third parties. Over the
last few years, we have developed a payment gateway, merchant boarding system, E-commerce platform, recurring billings and a crowdfunding
platform. We generally control access to and use of our proprietary software and other confidential information through the use of internal
and external controls, including entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with both our employees and third parties.
As of the date of this report, we have a patent pending on transferable QR codes on Omni Commerce devices. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had six key employees as part of our overall staff of 26 full-time employees. Our risk, compliance, underwriting
and analyst s accounting and customer service functions are primarily located in Georgia. In addition, we have operations in India
where we retain 35 developers at any given time depending on our requirements and scope of projects. None of our employees are represented
by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 

Corporate
Information 

We
were incorporated in the State of Delaware on November 18, 2004 for the purpose of merging with OLB.com, Inc., a New York corporation
incorporated in 1993 OLB.com ). The merger was done for the purpose of changing our state of incorporation from New York
to Delaware. In April 2018, we completed an acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Excel Corporation and its subsidiaries
Payprotec Oregon, LLC, Excel Business Solutions, Inc. and eVance Processing, Inc. (such assets are the foundation of our eVance business).
In connection with the Asset Acquisition, in May 2018, we entered into share exchange agreements with CrowdPay and OmniSoft, affiliate
companies owned by Mr. Yakov and John Herzog, an affiliate of our company, pursuant to which each of CrowdPay and OmniSoft became wholly
owned subsidiaries of our company. 

Our
Company s headquarters is located at 1120 Avenue of the Americas, 4 th Floor, New York, NY 10036. Our telephone number
is (212) 278-0900. 

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company 

We
qualify as an emerging growth company as defined under the Securities Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend
to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are otherwise applicable to public companies. These provisions include,
but are not limited to: 

not being required to comply
 with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); 

reduced disclosure obligations
 regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; and 

exemptions from the requirements
 of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
 approved. 

In
addition, an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting
standards. This provision allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of some accounting standards until those standards
would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this extended transition period. We will remain an
emerging growth company until the earliest to occur of: (i) our reporting 1.07 billion or more in annual gross revenues; (ii) the end
of fiscal year 2024; (iii) our issuance, in a three year period, of more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt; and (iv) the end of
the fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million on the last business day of
our second fiscal quarter. 

10 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together
with all of the other information contained in this annual report, before deciding to invest in our common stock. If any of the following
risks materialize, our business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects will likely be materially and adversely affected.
In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Company 

Our
acquisition of assets of Excel and its subsidiaries Payprotec Oregon, LLC, Excel Business Solutions, Inc. and eVance Processing, Inc.
and share exchange with OmniSoft and CrowdPay has collectively formed a new business platform which we are continuing to integrate into
our overall operations, and which may create certain risks and may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

On
April 9, 2018, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Excel and its subsidiaries Payprotec Oregon, LLC, Excel Business Solutions,
Inc. and eVance Processing, Inc. for 12.5 million through a foreclosure sale conducted under the Uniform Commercial Code of the State
of New York Asset Acquisition ). Since closing the Asset Acquisition, we have been in the process of integrating our operations
with the acquired assets. 

On
May 9, 2018, we entered into separate share exchange agreements with the stockholders of OmniSoft and CrowdPay, affiliate companies of
our company s majority stockholder. Pursuant to the share exchange agreement with OmniSoft, the stockholders of OmniSoft transferred
to us all of the issued and outstanding shares of OmniSoft common stock in exchange for an aggregate of 1,833,333 shares of our common
stock. Pursuant to the share exchange agreement with CrowdPay, the stockholders of CrowdPay transferred to us all of the issued and outstanding
shares of CrowdPay common stock in exchange for an aggregate of 2,916,667 shares of our common stock. The share exchange transactions
closed on May 9, 2018, on which date OmniSoft and CrowdPay became wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company (the Share Exchange ). 

Since
the consummation of the Asset Acquisition and the Share Exchange, we have a limited history upon which an evaluation of our performance
and future prospects can be made. Our current and proposed operations are subject to all the business risks associated with new enterprises.
These include likely fluctuations in operating results as we manage our growth and react to competitors and developments in the markets
in which we compete. As we can be considered an early stage company and have not yet generated any profits, there is no assurance that
we will be profitable in the near term or generate sufficient revenues to meet our capital requirements. 

As
a result, we may experience interruptions of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of our combined businesses and the
possible loss of key personnel. The diversion of our management s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection
with the integration of Excel could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

11 

The
substantial and continuing losses, and significant operating expenses incurred in the past few years may cause us to be unable to pursue
all of our operational objectives if sufficient financing and/or additional cash from revenues is not realized. 

We have limited cash resources and operating losses throughout our
history. As of December 31, 2022 we had a working capital deficit of 64,503 and a net loss of 7,974,168 . Our cash flow used by operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,921,381. Notwithstanding the foregoing, management has concluded that it has sufficient
liquidity to continue operations for a period of at least twelve months from the date of this Annual Report, which conclusion would not
have been possible without close monitoring of the Company s projected cash flow and operating expenses for a period of at least
the next twelve months. 

In
considering the anticipated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business, the Company does not anticipate that the
pandemic will have a material impact on the Company s business or liquidity and believes that it will be able fund future liquidity
and capital requirements through cash flows generated from its operating activities for a period of at least twelve months from the date
of this Annual Report (see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations). However,
any additional closings and reopenings of businesses in the future will likely result in a month over month decline and then increase
similar to what occurred in March through June 2020. 

If
there are unanticipated expenses, insufficient cash from operations or the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including but not limited
to losses arising from a second wave of businesses closing in response to the ongoing pandemic, which results in a larger than anticipated
decline in transactions, we may not be able to attract financing as needed, or if available, on reasonable terms as required and therefore
may not be able to accomplish our business goals or repay certain of our debts. Further, the terms of any such financing may be dilutive
to existing stockholders or otherwise on terms not favorable to us or existing stockholders. If we are unable to secure financing, as
circumstances require, or do not succeed in meeting our sales objectives, we may be required to change, significantly reduce our operations
or ultimately may not be able to continue our operations and there will be substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

We
have historically relied on related parties and affiliates to finance our operations, but there is no guarantee that these parties will
continue to finance our operations in the future. 

While
we will be able to fund future liquidity and capital requirements through cash flows generated from our operating activities alone for
a period of twelve months, we previously have financed our operations from short-term loans from Ronny Yakov, our Chief Executive Officer
and John Herzog, a significant shareholder of the Company. It is not assured that Mr. Yakov or Mr. Herzog would continue to provide such
assistance if the Company were to require it in the future. 

We
may be subject to liabilities arising prior to the Asset Acquisition under certain successor liability theories. 

We
acquired our business by means of a foreclosure of the relevant secured lender s security interest in the assets in the Asset Acquisition
through an auction under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code. Although the general rule in the context of transactions such as the
Asset Acquisition is that a purchaser of assets does not assume the seller s liabilities, various courts have established exceptions
to this general rule, including where the purchaser is a mere continuation of the seller and there is a continuity
of enterprise. To date, we have had one lawsuit whereby we have been found to have successor liability. However, we are currently
appealing the decision. This is a highly fact specific inquiry, and there can be no assurance that any interested creditor, the United
States (through the Internal Revenue Service) or state or local taxing agencies will not seek to hold us responsible for any existing
liabilities at the time of the Asset Acquisition under one or more of these successor liability theories, for which we have no indemnification
protection under the agreements relating to the Asset Acquisition. 

We
operate in a complex regulatory environment, and failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could adversely affect our business. 

Our
operations are subject to a broad range of complex and evolving laws and regulations. As a result, we must perform our services in compliance
with the legal and regulatory requirements of multiple jurisdictions. Some of these laws and regulations may be difficult to ascertain
or interpret and may change from time to time. Violation of such laws and regulations could subject us to fines and penalties, damage
our reputation, constitute a breach of our client agreements, impair our ability to obtain and renew required licenses, and decrease
our profitability or competitiveness. If any of these effects were to occur, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely
affected. 

12 

We
may not be able to integrate new technologies and provide new services in a cost-efficient manner. 

The
online E-commerce industry is subject to rapid and significant changes in technology, frequent new service introductions and evolving
industry standards. We cannot predict the effect of these changes on our competitive position, our profitability or the industry generally.
Technological developments may reduce the competitiveness of our networks and our software solutions and require additional capital expenditures
or the procurement of additional products that could be expensive and time consuming. In addition, new products and services arising
out of technological developments may reduce the attractiveness of our services. If we fail to adapt successfully to technological advances
or fail to obtain access to new technologies, we could lose customers and be limited in our ability to attract new customers and/or sell
new services to our existing customers. In addition, delivery of new services in a cost-efficient manner depends upon many factors, and
we may not generate anticipated revenue from such services. 

Disruptions
in our networks and infrastructure may result in customer dissatisfaction, customer loss or both, which could materially and adversely
affect our reputation and business. 

Our
systems are an integral part of our customers business operations. It is critical for our customers, that our systems provide
a continued and uninterrupted performance. Customers may be dissatisfied by any system failure that interrupts our ability to provide
services to them. Sustained or repeated system failures would reduce the attractiveness of our services significantly and could result
in decreased demand for our services. 

We
face the following risks to our networks, infrastructure and software applications: 

our
territory can have significant weather events which physically damage access lines; 

power
surges and outages, computer viruses or hacking, earthquakes, terrorism attacks, vandalism and software or hardware defects which are
beyond our control; and 

Unusual
spikes in demand or capacity limitations in our or our suppliers networks. 

Disruptions
may cause interruptions in service or reduced capacity for customers, either of which could cause us to lose customers and/or incur expenses,
and thereby adversely affect our business, revenue and cash flow. 

Our
positioning in the marketplace as a smaller provider places a significant strain on our resources, and if not managed effectively, could
result in operational inefficiencies and other difficulties. 

Our
positioning in the marketplace may place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources, and increase demand
on our systems and controls. To manage this position effectively, we must continue to implement and improve our operational and financial
systems and controls, invest in development and engineering, critical systems and network infrastructure to maintain or improve our service
quality levels, purchase and utilize other systems and solutions, and train and manage our employee base. As we proceed with our development,
operational difficulties could arise from additional demand placed on customer provisioning and support, billing and management information
systems, product delivery and fulfilment, sales and marketing and administrative resources. 

For
instance, we may encounter delays or cost overruns or suffer other adverse consequences in implementing new systems when required. In
addition, our operating and financial control systems and infrastructure could be inadequate to ensure timely and accurate financial
reporting. 

13 

We
must attract and retain skilled personnel. If we are unable to hire and retain technical, technical sales and operational employees,
our business could be harmed. 

Our
ability to integrate our acquired assets and to grow will be particularly dependent on our ability to hire, develop and retain an effective
sales force and qualified technical and managerial personnel. We need software development specialists with in-depth knowledge of a blend
of IT and telecommunications or with a blend of security and telecom. We intend to hire additional necessary employees, including software
engineers, communication engineers, project managers, sales consultants, employees and operational employees, on a permanent basis. The
competition for qualified technical sales, technical, and managerial personnel in the communications and software industry is intense
in the markets where we operate, and we may not be able to hire and retain sufficient qualified personnel. In addition, we may not be
able to maintain the quality of our operations, control our costs, maintain compliance with all applicable regulations, and expand our
internal management, technical, information and accounting systems in order to support our desired growth, which could have an adverse
impact on our operations. Volatility in the stock market and other factors could diminish our use, and the value, of our equity awards
as incentives to employees, putting us at a competitive disadvantage or forcing us to use more cash compensation. 

We
are dependent on the continued services and performance of our senior management and other key employees, the loss of any of whom could
adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our
future performance depends on the continued services and contributions of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer,
Ronny Yakov, Vice President, Finance, Patrick Smith and other key employees to execute on our business plan and to identify and pursue
new opportunities and product innovations. The loss of services of senior management or other key employees could significantly delay
or prevent the achievement of our strategic objectives. In addition, some of the members of our current senior management team have only
been working together for a short period of time, which could adversely impact our ability to achieve our goals. From time to time, there
may be changes in our senior management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business.
We do not maintain key person life insurance policies on any of our employees other than a policy providing limited coverage on the life
of our Chief Executive Officer. The loss of the services of one or more of our senior management or other key employees for any reason
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results and require significant amounts of time, training and
resources to find suitable replacements and integrate them within our business, and could affect our corporate culture. 

Our
Chief Financial Officer is currently employed on a part-time basis. 

Given
the size of the Company and our operational needs, we initially hired our Chief Financial Officer, Rachel Boulds, on a part-time basis.
While we have discussed with Ms. Boulds the possibility of becoming our full-time Chief Financial Officer, it is anticipated that Ms.
Boulds will continue to be employed on a part-time basis for the next twelve months. In addition to her role as Chief Financial Officer,
Ms. Boulds is also operating her solo accounting practice providing services for clients unrelated to the Company. While we believe that
Ms. Boulds currently devotes adequate time to the Company to perform the role and duties of our Chief Financial Officer, we cannot guarantee
that she will be able to continue to do so until she is with the Company on a fulltime basis. If Ms. Boulds cannot devote adequate time
to our Company to fulfil her role and duties as Chief Financial Officer or if any conflicts of interest arise during this time, it could
have a material adverse impact on our Company. 

Our
success depends on our continued investment in research and development, the level and effectiveness of which could reduce our profitability. 

We
intend to continue to make investments in research and development and product development in seeking to sustain and improve our competitive
position and meet our customers needs. These investments currently include streamlining our suite of software functionalities,
including modularization and improving scalability of our integrated solutions. To maintain our competitive position, we may need to
increase our research and development investment, which could reduce our profitability and cash flows. In addition, we cannot assure
you that we will achieve a return on these investments, nor can we assure you that these investments will improve our competitive position
or meet our 

14 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

CROWDPAY.US,
INC. 

We
operate in a regulatory environment that is evolving and uncertain. 

The
regulatory framework for online capital formation or crowdfunding is very new. The regulations that govern the companies and broker-dealers
that utilize our platform and the investors that find investment opportunities on our platform have been in existence for a very few
years. Further, there are constant discussions among legislators and regulators with respect to changing this regulatory environment.
New laws and regulations could be adopted in the United States and abroad. Further, existing laws and regulations may be interpreted
in ways that would impact our platform, including our ability to communicate and work with investors, broker-dealers and the companies
that use our platforms services. For instance over the past year, there have been several attempts to modify the current regulatory
regime. Some of those suggested reforms could make it easier for anyone to sell securities (without using our platform), or could increase
our regulatory burden, including requiring us to register as a broker-dealer or funding portal before we choose to do so. Any such changes
would have a negative impact on our business. 

In
the event we are required or decide to register as a broker-dealer or funding portal, our current business model could be affected. 

Under
our current structure, we believe we are not required to register as a broker-dealer or funding portal under federal and state laws.
Further, none of our officers has previous experience in securities markets or regulations or has passed any related examinations or
holds any accreditations. We comply with the rules surrounding funding portals and restrict our activities and services so as to not
be deemed a broker-dealer under state and federal regulations. However, if we were deemed by a relevant authority to be acting as a broker-dealer
or a funding portal, we could be required to register or be subject to a variety of penalties, including fines and rescission offers.
Further, we may decide for business reasons or we may be required to register as a broker-dealer or a funding portal, which would increase
our costs, especially our compliance costs. If we are required but decide not to register as a broker-dealer or act in association with
a broker-dealer in our transactions or to register as a funding portal, we may not be able to continue to operate under our current business
model. 

We
may be liable for misstatements made by issuers on our platform. 

Under
the Securities Act and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), issuers making offerings
through our platform may be liable for including untrue statements of material facts or for omitting information that could make the
statements made misleading. This liability may also extend in Regulation Crowdfunding offerings to funding portals. Even though we are
not a registered funding portal, there can be no assurance that if we were sued we would prevail. Further, even if we do succeed, lawsuits
are time consuming and expensive, and being a party to such actions may cause us reputational harm that would negatively impact our business. 

Our
compliance is focused on U.S. laws and we have not analyzed foreign laws regarding the participation of non-U.S. residents. 

Some
of the investment opportunities posted on our platform are open to non-U.S. residents. We have not researched all the applicable foreign
laws and regulations, and therefore we have not set up our structure to be compliant with all those laws. It is possible that we may
be deemed in violation of those laws, which could result in fines or penalties as well as reputational harm. This may limit our ability
in the future to assist companies in accessing money from those investors, and compliance with those laws and regulation may limit our
business operations and plans for future expansion. 

The
types of offerings that we expect to be posted on our platform are relatively new in an industry that is still quickly evolving . 

The
principal types of offerings that are posted on our platform are pursuant to Regulation A and Regulation Crowdfunding (CF) which have
only been in effect in their current form since 2015 and 2016, respectively. Our ability to penetrate the market to host these types
of offerings remains uncertain as potential issuer companies may choose to use different platforms or providers (including, in the case
of Regulation A, using their own online platform), or determine alternative methods of financing. Investors may decide to invest their
money elsewhere. Further, our potential market may not be as large, or our industry may not grow as rapidly, as anticipated. With a smaller
market than expected, we may have fewer customers. Success will likely be a factor of investing in the development and implementation
of marketing campaigns, subsequent adoption by issuer companies as well as investors, and favorable changes in the regulatory environment. 

15 

CrowdPay
and its providers are vulnerable to hackers and cyber-attacks. 

As
an internet-based business, we may be vulnerable to hackers who may access the data of the investors and the issuer companies that utilize
our platform. Further, any significant disruption in service on our platform or in our computer systems could reduce the attractiveness
of the platform and result in a loss of investors and companies interested in using our platform. Further, we rely on a third-party technology
provider to provide some of our back-up technology as well as act as our escrow agent. Any disruptions of services or cyber-attacks either
on our technology provider or on our company could harm our reputation and materially negatively impact our financial condition and business. 

CrowdPay
currently relies on one escrow agent and technology service provider. 

We
currently rely on Microsoft Azure to serve as our technology provider and all escrow accounts are held at MVB Bank, Inc. Any change in
these relationships will require us to find another technology service provider, escrow agent and escrow bank. This may cause us delays
as well as additional costs in transitioning our technology. 

We
are dependent on general economic conditions. 

Our
business model is dependent on investors investing in the companies presented on our platform. Investment dollars are disposable income.
Our business model is thus dependent on national and international economic conditions. Adverse national and international economic conditions,
including as a result of COVID-19, may reduce the future availability of investment dollars, which would negatively impact revenues generated
by CrowdPay and possibly our ability to continue operations at CrowdPay. It is not possible to accurately predict the potential adverse
impacts on us, if any, of current economic conditions on its financial condition, operating results and cash flow. 

We
face significant market competition. 

We
facilitate online capital formation. Though this is a new market, we compete against a variety of entrants in the market as well likely
new entrants into the market. Some of these follow a regulatory model that is different from ours and might provide them competitive
advantages. New entrants could include those that may already have a foothold in the securities industry, including some established
broker-dealers. Further, online capital formation is not the only way to address helping start-ups raise capital, and we have to compete
with a number of other approaches, including traditional venture capital investments, loans and other traditional methods of raising
funds and companies conducting crowdfunding raises on their own websites. Additionally, some competitors and future competitors may be
better capitalized than us, which would give them a significant advantage in marketing and operations. 

Our
revenues and profits are subject to fluctuations. 

It
is difficult to accurately forecast our revenues and operating results, and these could fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors.
These factors may include adverse changes in the number of investors and amount of investors dollars that utilize our platform
to make investments, the success of world securities markets, general economic conditions, our ability to market our platform to companies
and investors, headcount and other operating costs, and general industry and regulatory conditions and requirements. Our operating results
may fluctuate from year to year due to the factors listed above and others not listed. At times, these fluctuations may be significant
and could impact our ability to operate our business. 

EVANCE,
INC. 

We
are substantially dependent on our eVance business for revenue. If we are unable to maintain our eVance business for any reason (including
the various reasons described in the risk factors herein) or for no reason it will have a material adverse effect on our company. 

Historically,
substantially all of our revenue has been generated from our eVance business, though we did begin generating revenue from our OmniSoft
and CrowdPay business during the second half of 2019. In addition, the launch of our Cryptocurrency Mining business in 2021 has started
to generate revenue in 2021 and 2022. While we expect to continue to build out our OmniSoft software business and to rely more heavily
on individualized merchant services offerings and to generate revenue and to transition away from such significant reliance on our eVance
business, there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so (particularly, giving effect to the impact of COVID-19). Accordingly, if
we are unable to maintain our eVance business it will have a material adverse effect on our company. 

16 

Our
ability to anticipate and respond to changing industry trends and the needs and preferences of our merchants and consumers may adversely
affect our competitiveness or the demand for our products and services. 

The
financial services and payments technology industries are subject to rapid technological advancements, resulting in new products and
services, including mobile payment applications and customized integrated software payment solutions, and an evolving competitive landscape,
as well as changing industry standards and merchant and consumer needs and preferences. We expect that new services and technologies
applicable to the financial services and payment technology industries will continue to emerge. These changes may limit the competitiveness
of and demand for our services. Also, our merchants and consumers continue to adopt new technology for business and personal uses. We
must anticipate and respond to these changes in order to remain competitive within our relative markets. In addition, failure to develop
value-added services that meet the needs and preferences of our merchants could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively in
our industry. Furthermore, merchants or consumers potential negative reaction to our products and services can spread quickly
through social media and damage our reputation before we have the opportunity to respond. If we are unable to anticipate or respond to
technological or industry standard changes on a timely basis, our ability to remain competitive could be adversely affected. 

Substantial
and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the financial services and payment technology industries may adversely affect our overall
business and operations. 

The
financial services and payment technology industries are highly competitive, and our payment services and solutions compete against all
forms of financial services and payment systems, including cash and checks, and electronic, mobile, E-commerce and integrated payment
platforms. If we are unable to differentiate ourselves from our competitors and drive value for our merchants, we may not be able to
compete effectively. Our competitors may introduce their own value-added or other innovative services or solutions more effectively than
we do, which could adversely impact our current competitive position and prospects for growth. They also may be able to offer and provide
services that we do not offer. In addition, in certain of our markets in which we operate, we process on-us transactions
whereby we receive fees as a merchant acquirer and for processing services for the issuing bank. As competition in these markets grows,
the number of transactions in which we receive fees for both of these roles may decrease, which could reduce our revenue and margins
in these jurisdictions. We also compete against new entrants that have developed alternative payment systems, E-commerce payment systems,
payment systems for mobile devices and customized integrated software payment solutions. Failure to compete effectively against any of
these competitive threats could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, some of our
competitors are larger and have greater financial resources than us, enabling them to maintain a wider range of product offerings, mount
extensive promotional campaigns and be more aggressive in offering products and services at lower rates, which may adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Potential
changes in the competitive landscape, including disintermediation from other participants in the payments chain, could harm our business. 

We
expect that the competitive landscape will continue to change, including: 

rapid
and significant changes in technology, resulting in new and innovative payment methods and programs, that could place us at a competitive
disadvantage and reduce the use of our products and services; 

competitors,
merchants, governments and other industry participants may develop products and services that compete with or replace our value-added
products and services, including products and services that enable card networks and banks to transact with consumers directly; 

participants
in the financial services and payment technology industries may merge, create joint ventures, or form other business combinations that
may strengthen their existing business services or create new payment services that compete with our services; and 

new
services and technologies that we develop may be impacted by industry-wide solutions and standards, including chip technology, tokenization,
Blockchain and other safety and security technologies. 

Failure
to compete effectively against any of these or other competitive threats could adversely affect our business, financial condition or
results of operations. 

17 

Global
economic, political and other conditions may adversely affect trends in consumer, business and government spending, which may adversely
impact the demand for our services and our revenue and profitability. 

The
financial services and payment technology industries in which we operate depend heavily upon the overall level of consumer, business
and government spending. A sustained deterioration in general economic conditions (including distress in financial markets, turmoil in
specific economies around the world, public health crises, and additional government intervention), particularly in the United States,
or increases in interest rates in key countries in which we operate, may adversely affect our financial performance by reducing the number
or average purchase amount of transactions we process. For example, as of the date of this Annual Report, the COVID-19 pandemic, has
impacted and may continue to impact the global economy or negatively affect various aspects of our business, including reductions in
the amount of consumer spending and lending which could result in a decrease in our revenue and profits. If our customers make fewer
sales of products and services using electronic payments, or consumers spend less money through electronic payments, whether due to the
outbreak of COVID-19 or otherwise, we will have fewer transactions to process at lower dollar amounts, resulting in lower revenue. 

Adverse
economic trends whether a result of the global COVID-19 outbreak or otherwise, will and may continue to accelerate the timing, or increase
the impact of, risks to our financial performance. These trends could include: 

declining
economies, foreign currency fluctuations and the pace of economic recovery can change consumer spending behaviors, such as cross-border
travel patterns, on which the majority of our revenue is dependent; 

low
levels of consumer and business confidence typically associated with recessionary environments, and those markets experiencing relatively
high unemployment, may result in decreased spending by cardholders; 

budgetary
concerns in the United States and other countries around the world could affect the United States and other specific sovereign credit
ratings, impact consumer confidence and spending, and increase the risks of operating in those countries; 

emerging
market economies tend to be more volatile than the more established markets we serve in North America and Europe, and adverse economic
trends may be more pronounced in those emerging markets where we conduct business; 

financial
institutions may restrict credit lines to cardholders or limit the issuance of new cards to mitigate cardholder credit concerns; 

uncertainty
and volatility in the performance of our merchants businesses may make estimates of our revenues and financial performance less
predictable; 

cardholders
may decrease spending for value-added services we market and sell; 

a
weakening in the economy, either due to the global COVID-19 outbreak or otherwise, has forced, and could continue to force merchants
to close at higher than historical rates in part because many of them are not as well capitalized as larger organizations, which could
expose us to potential credit losses and future transaction declines; and 

government
intervention, including the effect of laws, regulations and government investments in our merchants, may have potential negative effects
on our business and our relationships with our merchants or otherwise alter their strategic direction away from our products and services. 

18 

We
are subject to U.S. governmental regulation and other legal obligations, particularly related to privacy, data protection and information
security, and consumer protection laws across different markets where we conduct our business. Our actual or perceived failure to comply
with such obligations could harm our business. 

In
the United States, we are subject to various consumer protection laws (including laws on disputed transactions) and related regulations.
If we are found to have breached any consumer protection laws or regulations in any such market, we may be subject to enforcement actions
that require us to change our business practices in a manner which may negatively impact revenue, as well as litigation, fines, penalties
and adverse publicity that could cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business
in a manner that harms our financial position. 

We
collect personally identifiable information and other data from our consumers and merchants. Laws and regulations in several countries
restrict certain collection, processing, storage, use, disclosure and security of personal information, require notice to individuals
of privacy practices, and provide individuals with certain rights to prevent use and disclosure of protected information. 

Future
restrictions on the collection, use, sharing or disclosure of personally identifiable information or additional requirements and liability
for security and data integrity could require us to modify our solutions and features, possibly in a material manner, and could limit
our ability to develop new services and features. If our privacy or data security measures fail to comply with applicable current or
future laws and regulations, we may be subject to litigation, regulatory investigations, enforcement notices requiring us to change the
way we use personal data or our marketing practices, fines or other liabilities, as well as negative publicity and a potential loss of
business. 

Our
inability to protect our systems and data from continually evolving cybersecurity risks or other technological risks could affect our
reputation among our merchants and consumers and may expose us to liability. 

In
conducting our business, we process, transmit and store sensitive business information and personal information about our merchants,
consumers, sales and financial institution partners, vendors, and other parties. This information may include account access credentials,
credit and debit card numbers, bank account numbers, social security numbers, driver s license numbers, names and addresses and
other types of sensitive business or personal information. Some of this information is also processed and stored by our merchants, sales
and financial institution partners, third-party service providers to whom we outsource certain functions and other agents, which we refer
to collectively as our associated third parties. We have certain responsibilities to card networks and their member financial institutions
for any failure, including the failure of our associated third parties, to protect this information. 

We
are a regular target of malicious third-party attempts to identify and exploit system vulnerabilities, and/or penetrate or bypass our
security measures, in order to gain unauthorized access to our networks and systems or those of our associated third parties. Such access
could lead to the compromise of sensitive, business, personal or confidential information. As a result, we proactively employ multiple
methods at different layers of our systems to defend our systems against intrusion and attack and to protect the data we collect. However,
we cannot be certain that these measures will be successful and will be sufficient to counter all current and emerging technology threats
that are designed to breach our systems in order to gain access to confidential information. 

Our
computer systems and our associated third parties computer systems could be in the future, subject to breach, and our data protection
measures may not prevent unauthorized access. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage
systems change frequently and are often difficult to detect. Threats to our systems and our associated third parties systems can
derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure.
Computer viruses and other malware can be distributed and could infiltrate our systems or those of our associated third parties. In addition,
denial of service or other attacks could be launched against us for a variety of purposes, including to interfere with our services or
create a diversion for other malicious activities. Our defensive measures may not prevent downtime, unauthorized access or use of sensitive
data. While we maintain cyber errors and omissions insurance coverage that may cover certain aspects of cyber risks, our insurance coverage
may be insufficient to cover all losses. Further, while we select our associated third parties carefully, we do not control their actions.
Any problems experienced by these third parties, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in the services provided
by such parties or cyber-attacks and security breaches, could adversely affect our ability to service our merchant customers or otherwise
conduct our business. 

We
could also be subject to liability for claims relating to misuse of personal information, such as unauthorized marketing purposes and
violation of data privacy laws. We cannot provide assurance that the contractual requirements related to security and privacy that we
impose on our service providers who have access to customer and consumer data will be followed or will be adequate to prevent the unauthorized
use or disclosure of data. In addition, we have agreed in certain agreements to take certain protective measures to ensure the confidentiality
of merchant and consumer data. The costs of systems and procedures associated with such protective measures may increase and could adversely
affect our ability to compete effectively. Any failure to adequately enforce or provide these protective measures could result in liability,
protracted and costly litigation, governmental and card network intervention and fines and, with respect to misuse of personal information
of our merchants and consumers, lost revenue and reputational harm. 

19 

Any
type of security breach, attack or misuse of data described above or otherwise, whether experienced by us or an associated third party,
could harm our reputation and deter existing and prospective merchants from using our services or from making electronic payments generally,
increase our operating expenses in order to contain and remediate the incident, expose us to unbudgeted or uninsured liability, disrupt
our operations (including potential service interruptions), distract our management, increase our risk of regulatory scrutiny, result
in the imposition of penalties and fines under state, federal and foreign laws or by card networks and adversely affect our continued
card network registration and financial institution sponsorship. If we were to be removed from networks lists of PCI DSS compliant
service providers, our existing merchants, sales and financial institution partners or other third parties may cease using or referring
our services. Also, prospective merchants, sales partners, financial institution partners or other third parties may choose to terminate
their relationship with us, or delay or choose not to consider us for their processing needs. In addition, card networks could refuse
to allow us to process through their networks. 

We
may experience failures in our processing systems due to software defects, computer viruses and development delays, which could damage
customer relations and expose us to liability. 

Our
core business depends heavily on the reliability of our processing systems. A system outage or other failure could adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations, including by damaging our reputation or exposing us to third-party liability.
Card network rules and certain governmental regulations allow for possible penalties if our systems do not meet certain operating standards.
To successfully operate our business, we must be able to protect our processing and other systems from interruption, including from events
that may be beyond our control. Events that could cause system interruptions include fire, natural disaster, unauthorized entry, power
loss, telecommunications failure, computer viruses, terrorist acts and war. Although we have taken steps to protect against data loss
and system failures, there is still risk that we may lose critical data or experience system failures. To help protect against these
events, we perform a significant portion of disaster recovery operations ourselves, as well as utilize select third parties for certain
operations, particularly outside of the United States. To the extent we outsource any disaster recovery functions, we are at risk of
the vendor s unresponsiveness or other failures in the event of breakdowns in our systems. In addition, our property and business
interruption insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses or failures that may occur. 

Our
products and services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems that are constantly evolving. We often encounter delays
and cost overruns in developing changes implemented to our systems. In addition, the underlying software may contain undetected errors,
viruses or defects. Defects in our software products and errors or delays in our processing of electronic transactions could result in
additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources from our other development efforts, loss of credibility with
current or potential merchants, harm to our reputation or exposure to liability claims. In addition, we rely on technologies supplied
to us by third parties that may also contain undetected errors, viruses or defects that could adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations. Although we attempt to limit our potential liability for warranty claims through disclaimers in our
software documentation and limitation of liability provisions in our licenses and other agreements with our merchants and partners, we
cannot assure that these measures will be successful in limiting our liability. Additionally, we and our merchants and partners are subject
to card network rules. If we do not comply with card network requirements or standards, we may be subject fines or sanctions, including
suspension or termination of our registrations and licenses necessary to conduct business. 

Degradation
of the quality of the products and services we offer, including support services, could adversely impact our ability to attract and retain
merchants and partners. 

Our
merchants and partners expect a consistent level of quality in the provision of our products and services. The support services we provide
are a key element of the value proposition to our merchants and partners. If the reliability or functionality of our products and services
is compromised or the quality of those products or services is otherwise degraded, or if we fail to continue to provide a high level
of support, we could lose existing merchants and partners and find it harder to attract new merchants and partners. If we are unable
to scale our support functions to address the growth of our merchant and partner network, the quality of our support may decrease, which
could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain merchants and partners. 

20 

Acquisitions
create certain risks and may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We
may make acquisitions of businesses or assets in the future. The acquisition and integration of businesses or assets involve a number
of risks. These risks include valuation (determining a fair price for the business or assets), integration (managing the process of integrating
the acquired business people, products, technology and other assets to extract the value and synergies projected to be realized
in connection with the acquisition), regulation (obtaining regulatory or other government approvals that may be necessary to complete
the acquisition) and due diligence (including identifying risks to the prospects of the business, including undisclosed or unknown liabilities
or restrictions to be assumed in the acquisition). 

The
process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of our combined
businesses and the possible loss of key personnel. The diversion of management s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered
in connection with acquisitions and their integration could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Continued
consolidation in the banking industry could adversely affect our growth. 

The
banking industry remains subject to consolidation regardless of overall economic conditions. In addition, in times of economic distress,
various regulators in the markets we serve have acquired and in the future may acquire financial institutions, including banks with which
we partner. If a current financial institution referral partner of ours is acquired by another bank, the acquiring bank may seek to terminate
our agreement and impose its own merchant services program on the acquired bank. If a financial institution referral partner acquires
another bank, our financial institution referral partner may take the opportunity to conduct a competitive bidding process to determine
whether to maintain our merchant acquiring services or switch to another provider. In either situation, we may be unable to retain the
relationship post-acquisition, or may have to offer financial concessions to do so, which could adversely affect our results of operations
or growth. If a current financial institution referral partner of ours is acquired by a regulator, the regulator may seek to alter the
terms or terminate our existing agreement with the acquired financial institution. 

Increased
customer, referral partner or sales partner attrition could cause our financial results to decline. 

We
experience attrition in merchant credit and debit card processing volume resulting from several factors, including business closures,
transfers of merchants accounts to our competitors, unsuccessful contract renewal negotiations and account closures that we initiate
for various reasons, such as heightened credit risks or contract breaches by merchants. In addition, if an existing sales partner switches
to another payment processor, terminates our services, internalizes payment processing functions that we perform, merges with or is acquired
by one of our competitors, or shuts down or becomes insolvent, we may no longer receive new customer referrals from the sales partner,
and we risk losing existing merchants that were originally enrolled by the sales partner. We cannot predict the level of attrition in
the future and it could increase. Our referral partners are a significant source of new business. Higher than expected attrition could
adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, in certain of the markets in which we conduct
business, a substantial portion of our revenue is derived from long-term contracts. If we are unable to renew our referral partner and
our merchant contracts on favorable terms, or at all, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We
incur chargeback liability when our merchants refuse to or cannot reimburse chargebacks resolved in favor of their customers. Any increase
in chargebacks not paid by our merchants may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

In
the event a dispute between a cardholder and a merchant is not resolved in favor of the merchant, the transaction is normally charged
back to the merchant and the purchase price is credited or otherwise refunded to the cardholder. If we are unable to collect such amounts
from the merchant s account or reserve account (if applicable), or if the merchant refuses or is unable, due to closure, bankruptcy
or other reasons, to reimburse us for a chargeback, we are responsible for the amount of the refund paid to the cardholder. The risk
of chargebacks is typically greater with those merchants that promise future delivery of goods and services rather than delivering goods
or rendering services at the time of payment, as well as card not present transactions in which consumers do not physically
present cards to merchants in connection with the purchase of goods and services, such as E-commerce, telephonic and mobile transactions.
We may experience significant losses from chargebacks in the future. Any increase in chargebacks not paid by our merchants could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have policies and procedures to monitor and
manage merchant-related credit risks and often mitigate such risks by requiring collateral (such as cash reserves) and monitoring transaction
activity. Notwithstanding our policies and procedures for managing credit risk, it is possible that a default on such obligations by
one or more of our merchants could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

21 

Failure
to maintain or collect reimbursements from our financial institution referral partners could adversely affect our business. 

Certain
of our long-term referral arrangements with our financial institution partners permit our bank partners to offer their merchant customers
lower rates for processing services than we typically provide to the general market. If a bank partner elects to offer these lower rates,
under our contract the partner is required to reimburse us for the full amount of the discount provided to its merchant customers. Notwithstanding
such contractual commitments, there can be no assurance that these contractual provisions will fully protect us from potential losses
should a bank partner default on its obligations to reimburse us or seek to discontinue such reimbursement obligations in the future.
If we are unable to collect the full amount of any such reimbursements for any reason, we may incur losses. In addition, any discount
provided by our financial institution partner may cause merchants in these markets to demand lower rates for our services in the future,
which could further reduce our margins or cause us to lose merchants, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

Fraud
by merchants or others could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We
may be liable for certain fraudulent transactions and credits initiated by merchants or others. Examples of merchant fraud include merchants
or other parties knowingly using a stolen or counterfeit credit or debit card, card number, or other credentials to record a false sales
or credit transaction, processing an invalid card or intentionally failing to deliver the merchandise or services sold in an otherwise
valid transaction. Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting and
fraud. Failure to effectively manage risk and prevent fraud could increase our chargeback liability or cause us to incur other liabilities.
It is possible that incidents of fraud could increase in the future. Increases in chargebacks or other liabilities could adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Because
we rely on third-party vendors to provide products and services, we could be adversely impacted if they fail to fulfill their obligations. 

We
depend on third-party vendors and partners to provide us with certain products and services, including components of our computer systems,
software, data centers, know-your-customer background checks and telecommunications networks, to conduct our business.
For example, we rely on third parties for services such as organizing and accumulating certain daily transaction data on a merchant-by-merchant
and card issuer-by-card issuer basis and forwarding the accumulated data to the relevant card network. We also rely on third parties
for specific software and hardware used in providing our products and services. Some of these organizations and service providers are
our competitors or provide similar services and technology to our competitors, and we do not have long-term or exclusive contracts with
them. 

Our
systems and operations or those of our third-party vendors and partners could be exposed to damage or interruption from, among other
things, fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry, computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks,
acts of terrorism, human error, vandalism or sabotage, financial insolvency, bankruptcy and similar events (including events that are
the result of the COVID-19 pandemic). In addition, we may be unable to renew our existing contracts with our most significant vendors
and partners or our vendors and partners may stop providing or otherwise supporting the products and services we obtain from them, and
we may not be able to obtain these or similar products or services on the same or similar terms as our existing arrangements, if at all.
The failure of our vendors and partners to perform their obligations and provide the products and services we obtain from them in a timely
manner for any reason could adversely affect our operations and profitability due to, among other consequences: 

loss
of revenues; 

loss
of merchants and partners; 

22 

loss
of merchant and cardholder data; 

fines
imposed by card networks; 

harm
to our business or reputation resulting from negative publicity; 

exposure
to fraud losses or other liabilities; 

additional
operating and development costs; or 

diversion
of management, technical and other resources. 

Our
risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against
all types of risk. 

We
operate in a rapidly changing industry. Accordingly, our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective to identify,
monitor and manage all risks our business encounters. If our policies and procedures are not fully effective or we are not successful
in identifying and mitigating all risks to which we are or may be exposed, we may suffer uninsured liability, harm to our reputation
or be subject to litigation or regulatory actions that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

A
significant number of our merchants are small- and medium-sized businesses and small affiliates of large companies, which can be more
difficult and costly to retain than larger enterprises and may increase the impact of economic fluctuations on us. 

We
market and sell our products and services to, among others, small and midsized businesses SMBs and small affiliates of
large companies. To continue to grow our revenue, we must add merchants, sell additional services to existing merchants and encourage
existing merchants to continue doing business with us. However, retaining SMBs can be more difficult than retaining large enterprises
as SMB merchants: 

often
have higher rates of business failures and more limited resources; 

are
typically less sophisticated in their ability to make technology-related decisions based on factors other than price; 

may
have decisions related to the choice of payment processor dictated by their affiliated parent entity; and 

are
more able to change their payment processors than larger organizations dependent on our services. 

SMBs
are typically more susceptible to the adverse effects of economic fluctuations (including as a result of epidemics and pandemics). Adverse
changes in the economic environment or business failures of our SMB merchants may have a greater impact on us than on our competitors
who do not focus on SMBs to the extent that we do. As a result, we may need to attract and retain new merchants at an accelerated rate
or decrease our expenses to reduce negative impacts on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
business depends on a strong and trusted brand, and damage to our reputation, or the reputation of our partners, could adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We
market our products and services under our brand or the brand of our partners, or both, and we must protect and grow the value of our
brand to continue to be successful in the future. If an incident were to occur that damages our reputation, or the reputation of our
partners, in any of our major markets, the value of our brand could be adversely affected and our business could be damaged. 

23 

Our
ability to recruit, retain and develop qualified personnel is critical to our success and growth. 

All
of our businesses function at the intersection of rapidly changing technological, social, economic and regulatory environments that require
a wide range of expertise and intellectual capital. For us to successfully compete and grow, we must recruit, retain and develop personnel
who can provide the necessary expertise across a broad spectrum of intellectual capital needs. In addition, we must develop, maintain
and, as necessary, implement appropriate succession plans to assure we have the necessary human resources capable of maintaining continuity
in our business. The market for qualified personnel is competitive and we may not succeed in recruiting additional personnel or may fail
to effectively replace current personnel who depart with qualified or effective successors. Our effort to retain and develop personnel
may also result in significant additional expenses, which could adversely affect our profitability. We cannot assure that key personnel,
including our executive officers, will continue to be employed or that we will be able to attract and retain qualified personnel in the
future. Failure to recruit, retain or develop qualified personnel could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results
of operations. 

There
may be a decline in the use of cards as a payment mechanism for consumers or adverse developments with respect to the card industry in
general. 

If
consumers do not continue to use credit or debit cards as a payment mechanism for their transactions or if there is a change in the mix
of payments between cash, credit cards and debit cards or newly emerging alternatives such as Apple Pay, Google Pay and cryptocurrency,
our business could be adversely affected. Consumer credit risk may make it more difficult or expensive for consumers to gain access to
credit facilities such as credit cards. Regulatory changes may result in financial institutions seeking to charge their customers additional
fees for use of credit or debit cards. Such fees may result in decreased use of credit or debit cards by cardholders. Additionally, if
market conditions lead to consumers spending less generally, for example, during an epidemic or pandemic, there will be a decline in
the use of credit or debit cards. We believe future growth in the use of credit and debit cards and other electronic payments will be
driven by the cost, ease-of-use and quality of services offered to consumers and businesses. In order to consistently increase and maintain
our profitability, consumers and businesses must continue to use electronic payment methods that we process, including credit and debit
cards. 

Increases
in card network fees and other changes to fee arrangements may result in the loss of merchants or a reduction in our earnings. 

From
time to time, card networks, including Visa and MasterCard, increase the fees that they charge processors. We typically will attempt
to pass these increases along to our merchants, but this strategy might result in the loss of merchants to our competitors who do not
pass along the increases. If competitive practices prevent us from passing along the higher fees to our merchants in the future, we may
have to absorb all or a portion of such increases, which may increase our operating costs and reduce our earnings. 

In
addition, in certain of our markets, card issuers pay merchant acquirers, such as us, fees based on debit card usage in an effort to
encourage debit card use. If these card issuers discontinue this practice, our revenue and margins in these jurisdictions could be adversely
affected. 

If
we fail to comply with the applicable requirements of card networks, they could seek to fine us, suspend us or terminate our registrations.
If our merchants or sales partners incur fines or penalties that we cannot collect from them, we may have to bear the cost of such fines
or penalties. 

In
order to provide our transaction processing services, several of our subsidiaries are registered with Visa and MasterCard and other card
networks as members or service providers for member institutions. Visa, MasterCard, and other card networks, set the rules and standards
with which we must comply. The termination of our member registration or our status as a certified service provider, or any changes in
network rules or standards, including interpretation and implementation of the rules or standards, that increase the cost of doing business
or limit our ability to provide transaction processing services to or through our merchants or partners, could adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

24 

As
such, we and our merchants are subject to card network rules that could subject us or our merchants to a variety of fines or penalties
that may be levied by card networks for certain acts or omissions by us. The rules of card networks are set by their boards, which may
be influenced by card issuers, and some of those issuers are our competitors with respect to these processing services. Many banks directly
or indirectly sell processing services to merchants in direct competition with us. These banks could attempt, by virtue of their influence
on the networks, to alter the networks rules or policies to the detriment of non-members including certain of our businesses.
The termination of our registrations or our status as a service provider or a merchant processor, or any changes in network rules or
standards, including interpretation and implementation of the rules or standards, that increase the cost of doing business or limit our
ability to provide transaction processing services to our merchants, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results
of operations. If a merchant or sales partner fails to comply with the applicable requirements of card networks, it could be subject
to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by card networks. If we cannot collect the amounts from the applicable merchant
or sales partner, we may have to bear the cost of the fines or penalties, resulting in lower earnings for us. The termination of our
registration, or any changes in card network rules that would impair our registration, could require us to stop providing payment processing
services relating to the affected card network, which would adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. 

OMNISOFT.IO,
INC. 

Our
growth may not be sustainable and depends on our ability to attract new merchants, retain existing merchants and increase sales to both
new and existing merchants. 

Our
OmniSoft subsidiary principally generates revenues through the sale of subscriptions to our platform and the sale of additional solutions
to our merchants. Our subscription plans typically have a one-month term, although a small percentage of our merchants have annual or
multi-year subscription terms. Our merchants have no obligation to renew their subscriptions after their subscription term expires. As
a result, even though the number of merchants using our platform has grown rapidly in recent years, there can be no assurance that we
will be able to retain these merchants. We have historically experienced merchant turnover as a result of many of our merchants being
small- and medium-sized businesses, or SMBs, that are more susceptible than larger businesses to general economic conditions and other
risks affecting their businesses. Many of these SMBs are in the entrepreneurial stage of their development and there is no guarantee
that their businesses will succeed. Our costs associated with subscription renewals are substantially lower than costs associated with
generating revenue from new merchants or costs associated with generating sales of additional solutions to existing merchants. Therefore,
if we are unable to retain merchants or if we are unable to increase revenues from existing merchants, even if such losses are offset
by an increase in new merchants or an increase in other revenues, our operating results could be adversely impacted. 

We
may also fail to attract new merchants, retain existing merchants or increase sales to both new and existing merchants as a result of
a number of other factors, including: reductions in our current or potential merchants spending levels; competitive factors affecting
the software as a service, or SaaS, business software applications market, including the introduction of competing platforms, discount
pricing and other strategies that may be implemented by our competitors; our ability to execute on our growth strategy and operating
plans; a decline in our merchants level of satisfaction with our platform and merchants usage of our platform; the difficulty
and cost to switch to a competitor may not be significant for many of our merchants; changes in our relationships with third parties,
including our partners, app developers, theme designers, referral sources and payment processors; the timeliness and success of new products
and services we may offer in the future; the frequency and severity of any system outages; technological change; and our focus on long-term
value over short-term results, meaning that we may make strategic decisions that may not maximize our short-term revenue or profitability
if we believe that the decisions are consistent with our mission and will improve our financial performance over the long-term. 

Additionally,
we anticipate that our growth rate will decline over time to the extent that the number of merchants using our platform increases and
we achieve higher market penetration rates. To the extent our growth rate slows, our business performance will become increasingly dependent
on our ability to retain existing merchants and increase sales to existing merchants. 

If
we fail to improve and enhance the functionality, performance, reliability, design, security and scalability of our platform in a manner
that responds to our merchants evolving needs, our business may be adversely affected. 

The
markets in which we compete are characterized by constant change and innovation and we expect them to continue to evolve rapidly. Our
success has been based on our ability to identify and anticipate the needs of our merchants and design a platform that provides them
with the tools they need to operate their businesses. Our ability to attract new merchants, retain existing merchants and increase sales
to both new and existing merchants will depend in large part on our ability to continue to improve and enhance the functionality, performance,
reliability, design, security and scalability of our platform. 

25 

We
may experience difficulties with software development that could delay or prevent the development, introduction or implementation of
new solutions and enhancements. Software development involves a significant amount of time for our research and development team, as
it can take our developers months to update, code and test new and upgraded solutions and integrate them into our platform. We must also
continually update, test and enhance our software platform. For example, our design team spends a significant amount of time and resources
incorporating various design enhancements, such as customized colors, fonts, content and other features, into our platform. The continual
improvement and enhancement of our platform requires significant investment and we may not have the resources to make such investment.
Our improvements and enhancements may not result in our ability to recoup our investments in a timely manner, or at all. To the extent
we are not able to improve and enhance the functionality, performance, reliability, design, security and scalability of our platform
in a manner that responds to our merchants evolving needs, our business, operating results and financial condition will be adversely
affected. 

We
store personally identifiable information of our merchants and their customers. If the security of this information is compromised or
otherwise subjected to unauthorized access, our reputation may be harmed and we may be exposed to liability. 

We
store personally identifiable information, credit card information and other confidential information of our merchants and their customers.
The third-party apps sold on our platform may also store personally identifiable information, credit card information and other confidential
information of our merchants and their customers. We do not regularly monitor or review the content that our merchants upload and store
and, therefore, do not control the substance of the content on our servers, which may include personal information. We may experience
successful attempts by third parties to obtain unauthorized access to the personally identifiable information of our merchants and their
customers. This information could also be otherwise exposed through human error, malfeasance or otherwise. The unauthorized access or
compromise of this personally identifiable information could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. Even if such a data breach were to affect one or more of our competitors, the resulting consumer concern could
negatively affect our merchants and our business. 

We
are also subject to federal, state, provincial and foreign laws regarding privacy and protection of data. Some jurisdictions have enacted
laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data and our agreements
with certain merchants require us to notify them in the event of a security incident. We post on our website our privacy policy and terms
of service, which describe our practices concerning the use, transmission and disclosure of merchant data and data relating to their
customers. In addition, the interpretation of data protection laws in the United States, and elsewhere, and their application to the
internet, is unclear and in a state of flux. There is a risk that these laws may be interpreted and applied in conflicting ways from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and in a manner that is not consistent with our current data protection practices. Changes to such data
protection laws may impose more stringent requirements for compliance and impose significant penalties for non-compliance. Any such new
laws or regulations, or changing interpretations of existing laws and regulations, may cause us to incur significant costs and expend
significant effort to ensure compliance. Because our services are accessible worldwide, certain foreign jurisdictions may claim that
we are required to comply with their laws, including in jurisdictions where we have no local entity, employees or infrastructure. 

Our
failure to comply with federal, state, provincial and foreign laws regarding privacy and protection of data could lead to significant
fines and penalties imposed by regulators, as well as claims by our merchants or their customers. These proceedings or violations could
force us to spend money in defense or settlement of these proceedings, result in the imposition of monetary liability, diversion of management s
time and attention, increase our costs of doing business, and materially adversely affect our reputation and the demand for our solutions.
In addition, if our security measures fail to protect credit card information adequately, we could be liable to both our merchants and
their customers for their losses, as well as our payments processing partners under our agreements with them. As a result, we could be
subject to fines and higher transaction fees, we could face regulatory action, and our merchants could end their relationships with us.
There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect
us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. We also cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage
and coverage for errors and omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to
cover one or more large claims, or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or
more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases
or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

26 

If
our software contains serious errors or defects, we may lose revenue and market acceptance and may incur costs to defend or settle claims
with our merchants. 

Software
such as ours often contains errors, defects, security vulnerabilities or software bugs that are difficult to detect and correct, particularly
when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. Despite internal testing, our platform may contain serious errors
or defects, security vulnerabilities or software bugs that we may be unable to successfully correct in a timely manner or at all, which
could result in lost revenue, significant expenditures of capital, a delay or loss in market acceptance and damage to our reputation
and brand, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, our
platform is a multi-tenant cloud based system that allows us to deploy new versions and enhancements to all of our merchants simultaneously.
To the extent we deploy new versions or enhancements that contain errors, defects, security vulnerabilities or software bugs to all of
our merchants simultaneously, the consequences would be more severe than if such versions or enhancements were only deployed to a smaller
number of our merchants. 

Since
our merchants use our services for processes that are critical to their businesses, errors, defects, security vulnerabilities, service
interruptions or software bugs in our platform could result in losses to our merchants. Our merchants may seek significant compensation
from us for any losses they suffer or cease conducting business with us altogether. Further, a merchant could share information about
bad experiences on social media, which could result in damage to our reputation and loss of future sales. There can be no assurance that
provisions typically included in our agreements with our merchants that attempt to limit our exposure to claims would be enforceable
or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. Even if not successful, a
claim brought against us by any of our merchants would likely be time-consuming and costly to defend and could seriously damage our reputation
and brand, making it harder for us to sell our solutions. 

We
may be unable to achieve or maintain data transmission capacity. 

Our
merchants often draw significant numbers of consumers to their shops over short periods of time, including from events such as new product
releases, holiday shopping seasons and flash sales, which significantly increases the traffic on our servers and the volume of transactions
processed on our platform. Our servers may be unable to achieve or maintain data transmission capacity high enough to handle increased
traffic or process orders in a timely manner. Our failure to achieve or maintain high data transmission capacity could significantly
reduce demand for our solutions. In the future, we may be required to allocate resources, including spending substantial amounts of money,
to build, purchase or lease additional data centers and equipment and upgrade our technology and network infrastructure in order to handle
the increased load. Our ability to deliver our solutions also depends on the development and maintenance of internet infrastructure by
third-parties, including the maintenance of reliable networks with the necessary speed, data capacity and bandwidth. If one of these
third-parties suffers from capacity constraints, our business may be adversely affected. In addition, because we and our merchants generate
a disproportionate amount of revenue in the fourth quarter, any disruption in our merchants ability to process and fulfill customer
orders in the fourth quarter could have a disproportionately negative effect on our operating results. 

Our
growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties. 

We
anticipate that the growth of our business will continue to depend on third-party relationships, including relationships with our app
developers, theme designers, referral sources, resellers, payment processors and other partners. In addition to growing our third-party
partner ecosystem, we intend to pursue additional relationships with other third-parties, such as technology and content providers and
implementation consultants. Identifying, negotiating and documenting relationships with third parties requires significant time and resources
as does integrating third-party content and technology. Some of the third parties that sell our services have the direct contractual
relationships with the merchants, and therefore we risk the loss of such merchants if the third parties fail to perform their obligations.
Our agreements with providers of cloud hosting, technology, content and consulting services are typically non-exclusive and do not prohibit
such service providers from working with our competitors or from offering competing services. These third-party providers may choose
to terminate their relationship with us or to make material changes to their businesses, products or services. Our competitors may be
effective in providing incentives to third parties to favor their products or services or to prevent or reduce subscriptions to our platform.
In addition, these providers may not perform as expected under our agreements or under their agreements with our merchants, and we or
our merchants may in the future have disagreements or disputes with such providers. If we lose access to products or services from a
particular supplier, or experience a significant disruption in the supply of products or services from a current supplier, especially
a single-source supplier, it could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

27 

If
we fail to maintain a consistently high level of customer service, our brand, business and financial results may be harmed. 

We
believe our focus on customer service and support is critical to onboarding new merchants and retaining our existing merchants and growing
our business. As a result, we have invested heavily in the quality and training of our support team along with the tools they use to
provide this service. If we are unable to maintain a consistently high level of customer service, we may lose existing merchants. In
addition, our ability to attract new merchants is highly dependent on our reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing
merchants. Any failure to maintain a consistently high level of customer service, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality
customer service, could adversely affect our reputation and the number of positive merchant referrals that we receive. 

We
use a limited number of data centers to deliver our services. Any disruption of service at these facilities could harm our business. 

We
currently manage our services and serve all of our merchants from two third-party data center facilities. While we own the hardware on
which our platform runs and deploy this hardware to the data center facilities, we do not control the operation of these facilities.
We have experienced, and may in the future experience, failures at the third-party data centers where our hardware is deployed from time
to time. Data centers are vulnerable to damage or interruption from human error, intentional bad acts, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods,
fires, war, terrorist attacks, power losses, hardware failures, systems failures, telecommunications failures and similar events. Any
of these events could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Changes in law or regulations applicable to data centers in various
jurisdictions could also cause a disruption in service. Interruptions in our services would reduce our revenue, subject us to potential
liability and adversely affect our ability to retain our merchants or attract new merchants. The performance, reliability and availability
of our platform is critical to our reputation and our ability to attract and retain merchants. Merchants could share information about
bad experiences on social media, which could result in damage to our reputation and loss of future sales. The property and business interruption
insurance coverage we carry may not be adequate to compensate us fully for losses that may occur. 

Mobile
devices are increasingly being used to conduct commerce, and if our solutions do not operate as effectively when accessed through these
devices, our merchants and their customers may not be satisfied with our services, which could harm our business. 

We
are dependent on the interoperability of our platform with third-party mobile devices and mobile operating systems as well as web browsers
that we do not control. Any changes in such devices, systems or web browsers that degrade the functionality of our platform or give preferential
treatment to competitive services could adversely affect usage of our platform. Effective mobile functionality is integral to our long-term
development and growth strategy. In the event that our merchants and their customers have difficulty accessing and using our platform
on mobile devices, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Our
business and prospects would be harmed if changes to technologies used in our platform or new versions or upgrades of operating systems
and internet browsers adversely impact the process by which merchants and consumers interface with our platform. 

We
believe the simple and straightforward interface for our platform has helped us to expand and offer our solutions to merchants with limited
technical expertise. In the future, providers of internet browsers could introduce new features that would make it difficult for merchants
to use our platform. In addition, internet browsers for desktop or mobile devices could introduce new features, change existing browser
specifications such that they would be incompatible with our platform, or prevent consumers from accessing our merchants shops.
Any changes to technologies used in our platform, to existing features that we rely on, or to operating systems or internet browsers
that make it difficult for merchants to access our platform or consumers to access our merchants shops, may make it more difficult
for us to maintain or increase our revenues and could adversely impact our business and prospects. 

28 

The
impact of worldwide economic conditions (including, for example, from the COVID-19 pandemic), including the resulting effect on spending
by SMBs, may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

A
majority of the merchants that use our platform are SMBs and many of our merchants are in the entrepreneurial stage of their development.
Our performance is subject to worldwide economic conditions, which may be impacted by, among other things, epidemics and pandemics, and
their impact on levels of spending by SMBs and their customers. SMBs and entrepreneurs may be disproportionately affected by economic
downturns. SMBs and entrepreneurs frequently have limited budgets and may choose to allocate their spending to items other than our platform,
especially in times of economic uncertainty or recessions. 

Economic
downturns, including as a result of epidemics and pandemics, may also adversely impact retail sales, which could result in merchants
who use our platform going out of business or deciding to stop using our services in order to conserve cash. Weakening economic conditions
may also adversely affect third-parties with whom we have entered into relationships and upon which we depend in order to grow our business.
Uncertain and adverse economic conditions may also lead to increased refunds and chargebacks, any of which could adversely affect our
business. 

We
may be subject to claims by third-parties of intellectual property infringement. 

The
software industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding
patents and other intellectual property rights. Third parties have in the past asserted, and may in the future assert, that our platform,
solutions, technology, methods or practices infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property or other proprietary
rights. Such claims may be made by our competitors seeking to obtain a competitive advantage or by other parties. Additionally, in recent
years, non-practicing entities have begun purchasing intellectual property assets for the purpose of making claims of infringement and
attempting to extract settlements from companies like ours. The risk of claims may increase as the number of solutions that we offer
and competitors in our market increases and overlaps occur. In addition, to the extent that we gain greater visibility and market exposure,
we face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims. 

Any
such claims, regardless of merit, that result in litigation could result in substantial expenses, divert the attention of management,
cause significant delays in introducing new or enhanced services or technology, materially disrupt the conduct of our business and have
a material and adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we do not believe that
our proprietary technology, processes and methods have been patented by any third party, it is possible that patents have been issued
to third parties that cover all or a portion of our business. As a consequence of any patent or other intellectual property claims, we
could be required to pay substantial damages, develop non-infringing technology, enter into royalty-bearing licensing agreements, stop
selling or marketing some or all of our solutions or re-brand our solutions. We may also be obligated to indemnify our merchants or partners
or pay substantial settlement costs, including royalty payments, in connection with any such claim or litigation and to obtain licenses,
modify applications or refund fees, which could be costly. If it appears necessary, we may seek to secure license rights to intellectual
property that we are alleged to infringe at a significant cost, potentially even if we believe such claims to be without merit. If required
licenses cannot be obtained, or if existing licenses are not renewed, litigation could result. Litigation is inherently uncertain and
can cause us to expend significant money, time and attention to it, even if we are ultimately successful. Any adverse decision could
result in a loss of our proprietary rights, subject us to significant liabilities, require us to seek licenses for alternative technologies
from third-parties, prevent us from offering all or a portion of our solutions and otherwise negatively affect our business and operating
results. 

29 

We
may be unable to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property rights and proprietary information or prevent third-parties from
making unauthorized use of our technology. 

Our
trade secrets, trademarks, trade dress, domain names, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are important
to our business. We rely on a combination of confidentiality clauses, assignment agreements and license agreements with employees and
third parties, trade secrets, copyrights and trademarks to protect our intellectual property and competitive advantage, all of which
offer only limited protection. The steps we take to protect our intellectual property require significant resources and may be inadequate.
We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use
of our intellectual property. We may be required to use significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. Despite our precautions,
it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our platform and use information that we regard as proprietary to create services
that compete with ours. Some license provisions protecting against unauthorized use, copying, transfer and disclosure of our proprietary
information may be unenforceable under the laws of certain jurisdictions and foreign countries. Further, we hold no issued patents and
thus would not be entitled to exclude or prevent our competitors from using our proprietary technology, methods and processes to the
extent independently developed by our competitors. 

We
enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements
with the parties with whom we have strategic relationships and business alliances. No assurance can be given that these agreements will
be effective in controlling access to our proprietary information and trade secrets. The confidentiality agreements on which we rely
to protect certain technologies may be breached, may not be adequate to protect our confidential information, trade secrets and proprietary
technologies and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, trade
secrets or proprietary technology. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors or others from independently developing software
that is substantially equivalent or superior to our software. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and confidential
information, and in such cases, we likely would not be able to assert any trade secret rights against such parties. Additionally, we
may from time to time be subject to opposition or similar proceedings with respect to applications for registrations of our intellectual
property, including our trademarks. While we aim to acquire adequate protection of our brand through trademark registrations in key markets,
occasionally third parties may have already registered or otherwise acquired rights to identical or similar marks for services that also
address our market. We rely on our brand and trademarks to identify our platform and to differentiate our platform and services from
those of our competitors, and if we are unable to adequately protect our trademarks third parties may use our brand names or trademarks
similar to ours in a manner that may cause confusion in the market, which could decrease the value of our brand and adversely affect
our business and competitive advantages. 

Policing
unauthorized use of our intellectual property and misappropriation of our technology and trade secrets is difficult and we may not always
be aware of such unauthorized use or misappropriation. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, unauthorized
third-parties may attempt to use, copy or otherwise obtain and market or distribute our intellectual property rights or technology or
otherwise develop services with the same or similar functionality as our platform. If our competitors infringe, misappropriate or otherwise
misuse our intellectual property rights and we are not adequately protected, or if our competitors are able to develop a platform with
the same or similar functionality as ours without infringing our intellectual property, our competitive advantage and results of operations
could be harmed. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time consuming and distracting
to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. As a result, we may be aware of infringement
by our competitors but may choose not to bring litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights due to the cost, time and distraction
of bringing such litigation. Furthermore, if we do decide to bring litigation, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights
may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits challenging or opposing our right to use and otherwise exploit particular intellectual
property, services and technology or the enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary
technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and
resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our solutions, impair the functionality of our platform, prevent or delay
introductions of new or enhanced solutions, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our platform or injure
our reputation. Furthermore, many of our current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources
to developing and protecting their technology or intellectual property rights than we do. 

30 

Our
use of open source software could negatively affect our ability to sell our solutions and subject us to possible litigation. 

Our
solutions incorporate and are dependent to a significant extent on the use and development of open source software and
we intend to continue our use and development of open source software in the future. Such open source software is generally licensed
by its authors or other third-parties under open source licenses and is typically freely accessible, usable and modifiable. Pursuant
to such open source licenses, we may be subject to certain conditions, including requirements that we offer our proprietary software
that incorporates the open source software for no cost, that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create
based upon, incorporating or using the open source software and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms
of the particular open source license. If an author or other third party that uses or distributes such open source software were to allege
that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses
defending against such allegations and could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from the sale of our solutions that contained
or are dependent upon the open source software and required to comply with the foregoing conditions, which could disrupt the distribution
and sale of some of our solutions. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, have a negative effect on our operating results and financial
condition or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our platform. The terms of many open source
licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts. As there is little or no legal precedent governing
the interpretation of many of the terms of certain of these licenses, the potential impact of these terms on our business is uncertain
and may result in unanticipated obligations regarding our solutions and technologies. It is our view that we do not distribute our software,
since no installation of our software is necessary and our platform is accessible solely through the cloud. Nevertheless,
this position could be challenged. Any requirement to disclose our proprietary source code, termination of open source license rights
or payments of damages for breach of contract could be harmful to our business, results of operations or financial condition, and could
help our competitors develop products and services that are similar to or better than ours. 

In
addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than the use of third-party
commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties, controls on the origin or development of the software,
or remedies against the licensors. Many of the risks associated with usage of open source software cannot be eliminated and could adversely
affect our business. 

Although
we believe that we have complied with our obligations under the various applicable licenses for open source software, it is possible
that we may not be aware of all instances where open source software has been incorporated into our proprietary software or used in connection
with our solutions or our corresponding obligations under open source licenses. We do not have robust open source software usage policies
or monitoring procedures in place. We rely on multiple software programmers to design our proprietary software and we cannot be certain
that our programmers have not incorporated open source software into our proprietary software that we intend to maintain as confidential
or that they will not do so in the future. To the extent that we are required to disclose the source code of certain of our proprietary
software developments to third-parties, including our competitors, in order to comply with applicable open source license terms, such
disclosure could harm our intellectual property position, competitive advantage, results of operations and financial condition. In addition,
to the extent that we have failed to comply with our obligations under particular licenses for open source software, we may lose the
right to continue to use and exploit such open source software in connection with our operations and solutions, which could disrupt and
adversely affect our business. 

We
rely on search engines and social networking sites to attract a meaningful portion of our merchants. If we are not able to generate traffic
to our website through search engines and social networking sites, our ability to attract new merchants may be impaired. In addition,
if our merchants are not able to generate traffic to their shops through search engines and social networking sites, their ability to
attract consumers may be impaired. 

Many
of our merchants locate our website through internet search engines, such as Google, and advertisements on social networking sites, such
as Facebook. The prominence of our website in response to internet searches is a critical factor in attracting potential merchants to
our platform. If we are listed less prominently or fail to appear in search results for any reason, visits to our website could decline
significantly, and we may not be able to replace this traffic. 

Similarly,
many consumers locate our merchants shops through internet search engines and advertisements on social networking sites. If our
merchants shops are listed less prominently or fail to appear in search results for any reason, visits to our merchants 
shops could decline significantly. As a result, our merchants businesses may suffer, which would affect the ability of such merchants
to pay for our solutions. 

Search
engines revise their algorithms from time to time in an attempt to optimize their search results. If search engines modify their algorithms,
our website and our merchants shops may appear less prominently or not at all in search results, which could result in reduced
traffic to our website and to our merchants shops. 

31 

Additionally,
if the price of marketing our solutions over search engines or social networking sites increases, we may incur additional marketing expenses
or may be required to allocate a larger portion of our marketing spend to search engine marketing and our business and operating results
could be adversely affected. Furthermore, competitors may in the future bid on the search terms that we use to drive traffic to our website.
Such actions could increase our marketing costs and result in decreased traffic to our website. In addition, search engines or social
networking sites may change their advertising policies from time to time. If any change to these policies delays or prevents us from
advertising through these channels, it could result in reduced traffic to our website and sales of our solutions. As well, new search
engines or social networking sites may develop, particularly in specific jurisdictions that reduce traffic on existing search engines
and social networking sites. And if we are not able to achieve awareness through advertising or otherwise, we may not achieve significant
traffic to our website through these new platforms. If we are unable to continue to successfully promote and maintain our websites, or
if we incur excessive expenses to do so, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Activities
of merchants or the content of their shops could damage our brand, subject us to liability and harm our business and financial results. 

Our
terms of service prohibit our merchants from using our platform to engage in illegal activities and our terms of service permit us to
take down a merchant s shop if we become aware of such illegal use. Merchants may nonetheless engage in prohibited or illegal activities
or upload store content in violation of applicable laws, which could subject us to liability. Furthermore, our brand may be negatively
impacted by the actions of merchants that are deemed to be hostile, offensive, inappropriate or illegal. We do not proactively monitor
or review the appropriateness of the content of our merchants shops and we do not have control over merchant activities. The safeguards
we have in place may not be sufficient for us to avoid liability or avoid harm to our brand, especially if such hostile, offensive, inappropriate
or illegal use is high profile, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

If
third-party apps and themes change such that we do not or cannot maintain the compatibility of our platform with these apps and themes,
or if we fail to provide third-party apps and themes that our merchants desire to add to their shops, demand for our platform could decline. 

The
success of our platform depends, in part, on our ability to integrate third-party apps, themes and other offerings into our third-party
ecosystem. Third-party developers may change the features of their offerings or alter the terms governing the use of their offerings
in a manner that is adverse to us. If we are unable to maintain technical interoperation, our merchants may not be able to effectively
integrate our platform with other systems and services they use. We may also be unable to maintain our relationships with certain third-party
vendors if we are unable to integrate our platform with their offerings. Further, third-party developers may refuse to partner with us
or limit or restrict our access to their offerings. Such changes could functionally limit or terminate our ability to use these third-party
offerings with our platform, which could negatively impact our solution offerings and harm our business. If we fail to integrate our
platform with new third-party offerings that our merchants need for their shops, or to adapt to the data transfer requirements of such
third-party offerings, we may not be able to offer the functionality that our merchants and their customers expect, which would negatively
impact our offerings and, as a result, harm our business. 

We
rely on computer hardware, purchased or leased, and software licensed from and services rendered by third parties in order to provide
our solutions and run our business, sometimes by a single-source supplier. 

We
rely on computer hardware, purchased or leased, and software licensed from and services rendered by third-parties in order to provide
our solutions and run our business, sometimes by a single-source supplier. Third-party hardware, software and services may not continue
to be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any loss of the right to use or any failures of third-party hardware, software
or services could result in delays in our ability to provide our solutions or run our business until equivalent hardware, software or
services are developed by us or, if available, identified, obtained and integrated, which could be costly and time-consuming and may
not result in an equivalent solution, any of which could cause an adverse effect on our business and operating results. Further, merchants
could assert claims against us in connection with such service disruption or cease conducting business with us altogether. Even if not
successful, a claim brought against us by any of our merchants would likely be time-consuming and costly to defend and could seriously
damage our reputation and brand, making it harder for us to sell our solutions. 

32 

We
may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 

We
face competition in various aspects of our business and we expect such competition to intensify in the future, as existing and new competitors
introduce new services or enhance existing services. We have competitors with longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater
brand recognition, greater experience and more extensive commercial relationships in certain jurisdictions, and greater financial, technical,
marketing and other resources than we do. As a result, our potential competitors may be able to develop products and services better
received by merchants or may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies,
regulations or merchant requirements. In addition, some of our larger competitors may be able to leverage a larger installed customer
base and distribution network to adopt more aggressive pricing policies and offer more attractive sales terms, which could cause us to
lose potential sales or to sell our solutions at lower prices. 

Competition
may intensify as our competitors enter into business combinations or alliances or raise additional capital, or as established companies
in other market segments or geographic markets expand into our market segments or geographic markets. For instance, certain competitors
could use strong or dominant positions in one or more markets to gain a competitive advantage against us in areas where we operate including:
by integrating competing platforms or features into products they control such as search engines, web browsers, mobile device operating
systems or social networks; by making acquisitions; or by making access to our platform more difficult. Further, current and future competitors
could choose to offer a different pricing model or to undercut prices in an effort to increase their market share. We also expect new
entrants to offer competitive services. If we cannot compete successfully against current and future competitors, our business, results
of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted. 

We
plan to make future acquisitions and investments, which could divert management s attention, result in operating difficulties and
dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business, operating results or financial position. 

From
time to time, we evaluate potential strategic acquisition or investment opportunities. Any transactions that we enter into could be material
to our financial condition and results of operations. The process of acquiring and integrating another company or technology could create
unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Acquisitions and investments involve a number of risks, such as: 

diversion
of management time and focus from operating our business; 

use
of resources that are needed in other areas of our business, including cash resources; 

in
the case of an acquisition, implementation or remediation of controls, procedures and policies of the acquired company; 

in
the case of an acquisition, difficulty integrating the accounting systems and operations of the acquired company, including potential
risks to our corporate culture; 

in
the case of an acquisition, coordination of product, engineering and selling and marketing functions, including difficulties and additional
expenses associated with supporting legacy services and products and hosting infrastructure of the acquired company and difficulty converting
the customers of the acquired company onto our platform and contract terms, including disparities in the revenues, licensing, support
or professional services model of the acquired company; 

in
the case of an acquisition, retention and integration of employees from the acquired company; 

unforeseen
costs or liabilities; 

adverse
effects to our existing business relationships with partners and merchants as a result of the acquisition or investment; 

the
possibility of adverse tax consequences; and 

litigation
or other claims arising in connection with the acquired company or investment. 

In
addition, we may agree to grant warrants to a lender under a credit facility. Furthermore, a significant portion of the purchase price
of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, which must be assessed for impairment at least
annually. In the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take charges to our operating results
based on this impairment assessment process, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

33 

Acquisitions
and investments may also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities, which could adversely affect our share price, or result in
the incurrence of debt with restrictive covenants that limit our future uses of capital in pursuit of business opportunities. 

We
may not be able to identify acquisition or investment opportunities that meet our strategic objectives, or to the extent such opportunities
are identified, we may not be able to negotiate terms with respect to the acquisition or investment that are acceptable to us. At this
time, we have made no commitments or agreements with respect to any such transaction. 

New
tax laws could be enacted or existing laws could be applied to us or our merchants, which could increase the costs of our solutions and
adversely impact our business. 

The
application of federal, state, provincial, local and foreign tax laws to solutions provided over the internet is evolving. New income,
sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, possibly with retroactive effect,
and could be applied solely or disproportionately to solutions provided over the internet. These enactments could adversely affect our
sales activity due to the inherent cost increase the taxes would represent, and could ultimately result in a negative impact on our results
of operations and cash flows. 

State
tax authorities may seek to assess state and local business taxes and sales and use taxes. If we are required to collect sales and use
taxes in additional jurisdictions, we might be subject to tax liability for past sales. 

There
is a risk that U.S. states could assert that we are liable for U.S. state and local business activity taxes, which are levied upon income
or gross receipts, or for the collection of U.S. local sales and use taxes. This risk exists regardless of whether we are subject to
U.S. federal income tax. States are becoming increasingly active in asserting nexus for business activity tax purposes and imposing sales
and use taxes on products and services provided over the internet. We may be subject to U.S. state and local business activity taxes
if a state tax authority asserts that our activities or the activities of our non-U.S. subsidiaries are sufficient to establish nexus.
We could also be liable for the collection of U.S. state and local sales and use taxes if a state tax authority asserts that distribution
of our solutions over the internet is subject to sales and use taxes. Each state has different rules and regulations governing sales
and use taxes, and these rules and regulations are subject to varying interpretations that change over time. We review these rules and
regulations periodically and, when we believe we are subject to sales and use taxes in a particular state, voluntarily engage state tax
authorities in order to determine how to comply with their rules and regulations. If a state tax authority asserts that distribution
of our solutions is subject to such sales and use taxes, the additional cost may decrease the likelihood that such merchants would purchase
our solutions or continue to renew their subscriptions. 

A
successful assertion by one or more states requiring us to collect sales or other taxes on subscription service revenue could result
in substantial tax liabilities for past transactions and otherwise harm our business. We cannot assure you that we will not be subject
to sales and use taxes or related penalties for past sales in states where we currently believe no such taxes are required. New obligations
to collect or pay taxes of any kind could increase our cost of doing business. 

We
are dependent upon consumers and merchants willingness to use the internet for commerce. 

Our
success depends upon the general public s continued willingness to use the internet as a means to pay for purchases, communicate,
access social media, research and conduct commercial transactions, including through mobile devices. If consumers or merchants become
unwilling or less willing to use the internet for commerce for any reason, including lack of access to high-speed communications equipment,
congestion of traffic on the internet, internet outages or delays, disruptions or other damage to merchants and consumers 
computers, increases in the cost of accessing the internet and security and privacy risks or the perception of such risks, our business
could be adversely affected. 

We
may face challenges in expanding into new geographic regions. 

Our
future success will depend in part upon our ability to expand into new geographic regions, and we will face risks entering markets in
which we have limited or no experience and in which we do not have any brand recognition. Expanding into new geographic regions where
the main language is not English will require substantial expenditures and take considerable time and attention, and we may not be successful
enough in these new markets to recoup our investments in a timely manner, or at all. Our efforts to expand into new geographic regions
may not be successful, which could limit our ability to grow our business. 

34 

Risks
Related to Laws and Regulations 

Failure
to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions regulations,
and similar laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 

We
currently operate our business only in the United States. We are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the FCPA,
and other laws that prohibit the making or offering of improper payments to foreign government officials and political figures, including
anti-bribery provisions enforced by the Department of Justice and accounting provisions enforced by the SEC. These laws prohibit improper
payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by the U.S. and other business entities
for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have implemented policies, procedures, systems, and controls designed to identify
and address potentially impermissible transactions under such laws and regulations; however, there can be no assurance that all of our
employees, consultants and agents, including those that may be based in or from countries where practices that violate U.S. or other
laws may be customary, will not take actions in violation of our policies, for which we may be ultimately responsible. 

In
addition, we are subject to anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT
Act of 2001, or the BSA. Among other things, the BSA requires money services businesses (such as money transmitters and providers of
prepaid access) to develop and implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, report large cash transactions and suspicious activity,
and maintain transaction records. 

We
are also subject to certain economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by the Department of Treasury s Office
of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, which prohibit or restrict transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments,
and in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially-designated nationals of those countries,
narcotics traffickers, and terrorists or terrorist organizations. Other group entities may be subject to additional foreign or local
sanctions requirements in other relevant jurisdictions. 

Similar
anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing and proceeds of crime laws apply to movements of currency and payments through
electronic transactions and to dealings with persons specified in lists maintained by the country equivalents to OFAC lists in several
other countries and require specific data retention obligations to be observed by intermediaries in the payment process. Our businesses
in those jurisdictions are subject to those data retention obligations. 

Failure
to comply with any of these laws and regulations or changes in this regulatory environment, including changing interpretations and the
implementation of new or varying regulatory requirements by the government, may result in significant financial penalties, reputational
harm or change the manner in which we currently conduct some aspects of our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

Failure
to enforce and defend our intellectual property rights may diminish our competitive advantages or interfere with our ability to market
and promote our products and services. 

Our
trademarks, trade names, trade secrets, know-how, proprietary technology and other intellectual property are important to our future
success. We have a pending trademark application for CrowdPay.us Crowdfunding Compliance Platform . We believe our
trademarks and trade names are widely recognized and associated with quality and reliable service. While it is our policy to protect
and defend vigorously our rights to our intellectual property, we cannot predict whether steps taken by us to protect our intellectual
property will be adequate to prevent infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our rights. We also cannot guarantee that others
will not independently develop technology with the same or similar functions to any proprietary technology we rely on to conduct our
business and differentiate ourselves from our competitors. Furthermore, we may face claims of infringement of third-party intellectual
property that could interfere with our ability to market and promote our brands. Any litigation to enforce our intellectual property
rights or defend ourselves against claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights could be costly, divert attention
of management and may not ultimately be resolved in our favor. Moreover, if we are unable to successfully defend against claims that
we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others, we may be prevented from using certain intellectual property and may be
liable for damages, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition,
the laws of certain non-U.S. countries where we do business or may do business in the future may not recognize intellectual property
rights or protect them to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 

35 

New
or revised tax regulations or their interpretations, or becoming subject to additional foreign or U.S. federal, state or local taxes
that cannot be passed through to our merchants or partners, could reduce our net income. 

We
are subject to tax laws in each jurisdiction where we do business. Changes in tax laws or their interpretations could decrease the amount
of revenues we receive, the value of any tax loss carry-forwards and tax credits recorded on our balance sheet and the amount of our
cash flow, and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

On
December 22, 2017, President Trump signed into law H.R. 1, originally known as The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which significantly
revised the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The new legislation has significantly changed the U.S. federal income taxation
of U.S. corporations, including by reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate, limiting interest deductions, permitting immediate expensing
of certain capital expenditures, adopting elements of a territorial tax system, imposing a one-time transition tax, or repatriation tax,
on all undistributed earnings and profits of certain U.S.-owned foreign corporations, revising the rules governing net operating losses
and the rules governing foreign tax credits, and introducing new anti-base erosion provisions. Many of these changes are effective immediately,
without any transition periods or grandfathering for existing transactions. The legislation is unclear in many respects and could be
subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, as well as interpretations and implementing regulations by the Internal Revenue
Service, or the IRS, any of which could lessen or increase certain adverse impacts of the legislation. In addition, it is unclear how
these U.S. federal income tax changes will affect state and local taxation, which often uses federal taxable income as a starting point
for computing state and local tax liabilities. 

On
March 27, 2020, Donald Trump signed into law the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), which,
among other things, is intended to provide emergency assistance to qualifying businesses and individuals. There can be no assurance that
these interventions by the government will be successful, and the financial markets may experience significant contractions in available
liquidity. While the Company may receive financial, tax or other relief and other benefits under and as a result of the CARES Act, it
is not possible to estimate at this time the availability, extent or impact of any such relief. 

While
some of the changes made by the tax legislation may adversely affect us in one or more reporting periods and prospectively, other changes
may be beneficial on a going forward basis. We continue to work with our tax advisors to determine the full impact that the recent tax
legislation as a whole will have on us. 

Additionally,
companies in the electronic payments industry, including us, may become subject to incremental taxation in various tax jurisdictions.
Taxing jurisdictions have not yet adopted uniform positions on this topic. If we are required to pay additional taxes and are unable
to pass the tax expense through to our merchants, our costs would increase and our net income would be reduced. 

Failure
to comply with, or changes in, laws, regulations and enforcement activities may adversely affect the products, services and markets in
which we operate. 

We
and our merchants are subject to laws and regulations that affect the electronic payments industry in the many countries in which our
services are used. In particular, our merchants are subject to numerous laws and regulations applicable to banks, financial institutions,
and card issuers in the United States and abroad, and, consequently, we are at times affected by these foreign, federal, state, and local
laws and regulations. The U.S. government has increased its scrutiny of a number of credit card practices, from which some of our merchants
derive significant revenue. Regulation of the payments industry, including regulations applicable to us and our merchants, has increased
significantly in recent years. Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business may result in the suspension or
revocation of licenses or registrations, the limitation, suspension or termination of services or the imposition of consent orders or
civil and criminal penalties, including fines which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

36 

We
are also subject to U.S. financial services regulations, a myriad of consumer protection laws, including economic sanctions, laws and
regulations, anticorruption laws, escheat regulations and privacy and information security regulations. Changes to legal rules and regulations,
or interpretation or enforcement of them, could have a negative financial effect on us. Any lack of legal certainty exposes our operations
to increased risks, including increased difficulty in enforcing our agreements in those jurisdictions and increased risks of adverse
actions by local government authorities, such as expropriations. In addition, certain of our alliance partners are subject to regulation
by federal and state authority and, as a result, could pass through some of those compliance obligations to us, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

In
particular, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act ), recently significantly
changed the U.S. financial regulatory system. Among other things, Title X of the Dodd-Frank Act established a new, independent regulatory
agency known as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, to regulate consumer financial products and services (including some
offered by our merchants). The CFPB rules, examinations and enforcement actions may require us to adjust our activities and may increase
our compliance costs. 

Separately,
under the Dodd-Frank Act, debit interchange transaction fees that a card issuer receives and are established by a payment card network
for an electronic debit transaction are now regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or the Federal Reserve,
and must be reasonable and proportional to the cost incurred by the card issuer in authorizing, clearing, and settling
the transaction. Effective October 1, 2011, the Federal Reserve capped debit interchange rates for card issuers operating in the United
States with assets of 10 billion or more at the sum of 0.21 per transaction and an ad valorem component of 5 basis points to
reflect a portion of the card issuer s fraud losses plus, for qualifying card issuers, an additional 0.01 per transaction in debit
interchange for fraud prevention costs. Regulations such as these could result in the need for us to make capital investments to modify
our services to facilitate our existing merchants and potential merchants compliance and reduce the fees we are able to
charge our merchants. These regulations also could result in greater pricing transparency and increased price-based competition leading
to lower margins and higher rates of merchant attrition. Furthermore, the requirements of the regulations and the timing of their effective
dates could result in changes in our merchants business practices, which could change the demand for our services and alter the
type or volume of transactions that we process on behalf of our merchants. 

DMINT
and OLBit 

Cryptocurrency
Mining Risks 

We
have an evolving business model. 

Cryptocurrencies
and blockchain technologies are relatively new and highly speculative. Cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies have limited history,
and their risks cannot be fully known at this time. As cryptocurrency assets and blockchain technologies become more widely available,
we expect the services and products associated with them to evolve. In order to stay current with the industry, our business model
may need to evolve as well. From time to time, we may modify aspects of our business model relating to our product mix and service
offerings. We cannot offer any assurance that these or any other modifications will be successful or will not result in harm to
our business. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth and negatively
affect our operating results. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern
or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations. 

37 

We
may not be able to compete with other companies, some of which have greater resources and experience. 

We
may not be able to compete successfully against present or future competitors. We do not have the resources to compete with larger
providers of similar services at this time. The cryptocurrency industry has attracted various high-profile and well-established
operators, some of which have substantially greater liquidity and financial resources than we do. With the limited resources we
have available, we may experience great difficulties in building our network of computers and creating an exchange. Competition
from existing and future competitors could result in our inability to secure acquisitions and partnerships that we may need to expand
our business. This competition from other entities with greater resources, experience and reputations may result in our failure
to maintain or expand our business, as we may never be able to successfully execute our business plan. 

The
properties included in our mining network may experience damages. 

Our
cryptocurrency mining operation in Tennessee is, and any future mining farms we establish will be, subject to a variety of risks relating
to physical condition and operation, including: 

the
presence of construction or repair defects or other structural or building damage; 

any
noncompliance with or liabilities under applicable environmental, health or safety regulations or requirements or building permit requirements; 

any
damage resulting from natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, floods and windstorms; and 

claims
by employees and others for injuries sustained at our properties. 

For
example, a mine could be rendered inoperable, temporarily or permanently, as a result of a fire or other natural disaster or by a terrorist
or other attack on the mine. The security and other measures we take to protect against these risks may not be sufficient. 
Additionally, our mines could be materially adversely affected by a power outage or loss of access to the electrical grid or loss by
the grid of cost-effective sources of electrical power generating capacity. Given the power requirement, it would not be feasible
to run miners on back-up power generators in the event of a power outage or damage to our primary generators. 

Cryptocurrency
exchanges and other trading venues are relatively new and, in most cases, largely unregulated and may therefore be the subject of fraud
and failures. 

When
cryptocurrency exchanges or other trading venues are involved in fraud or experience security failures or other operational issues, such
events could result in a reduction in cryptocurrency prices or confidence and impact our success and have a material adverse effect on
our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects and operations. 

Cryptocurrency
market prices depend, directly or indirectly, on the prices set on exchanges and other trading venues, which are new and, in most cases,
largely unregulated as compared to established, regulated exchanges for securities, commodities or currencies. For example, during the
past several years, a number of Bitcoin exchanges have closed due to fraud, business failure or security breaches. In many of these instances,
the customers of the closed exchanges were not compensated or made whole for partial or complete losses of their account balances. While
smaller exchanges are less likely to have the infrastructure and capitalization that may provide larger exchanges with some stability,
larger exchanges may be more likely to be appealing targets for hackers and malware (i.e., software used or programmed
by attackers to disrupt computer operation, gather sensitive information or gain access to private computer systems) and may be more
likely to be targets of regulatory enforcement action. We do not maintain any insurance to protect from such risks, and do not expect
any insurance for customer accounts to be available (such as federal deposit insurance) at any time in the future, putting customer accounts
at risk if any such events occur. In the event we experience fraud, security failures, operational issues or similar events such factors
would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would have
a material adverse effect on our business, prospects and operations. 

Regulatory
changes or actions may alter the nature of an investment in us or restrict the use of cryptocurrencies in a manner that adversely affects
our business, prospects or operations. 

As
cryptocurrencies have grown in both popularity and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently to cryptocurrencies,
with certain governments deeming them illegal while others have allowed their use and trade. 

Governments
may in the future curtail or outlaw the mining, acquisition, use, trading or redemption of cryptocurrencies. Ownership of, holding or
trading in cryptocurrencies may then be considered illegal and subject to sanction. Governments may also take regulatory action that
may increase the cost and/or subject cryptocurrency companies to additional regulation. The effect of any future regulatory change on
our business or any cryptocurrency that may impact our business is impossible to predict, but such change could be substantial and may
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects and operations. 

38 

The
development and acceptance of cryptographic and algorithmic protocols governing the issuance of and transactions in cryptocurrencies
is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate. 

The
use of cryptocurrencies to, among other things, buy and sell goods and services and complete transactions, is part of a new and rapidly
evolving industry that employs digital assets based upon a computer-generated mathematical and/or cryptographic protocol. Cryptocurrencies
are not recognized as legal tender by any U.S. or foreign governmental authority, and they are not backed by the full faith and credit
of, or endorsed by, any government. The value of cryptocurrency in respect of any specific transaction is based on the agreement of the
parties thereto, and the value of such cryptocurrency more broadly is based on the agreement of market participants. Currently, a significant
portion of cryptocurrency demand is generated by speculators seeking to profit from short- or long-term price fluctuations. It is doubtful
that any given cryptocurrency has any intrinsic value. 

The
growth of this industry in general, and the use of cryptocurrencies in particular, is subject to a high degree of uncertainty, and the
slowing or stopping of the development or acceptance of developing protocols may occur and is unpredictable. The factors include, but
are not limited to: 

Continued
worldwide growth in the adoption and use of cryptocurrencies; 

Governmental
and quasi-governmental regulation of cryptocurrencies and their use, or restrictions on or regulation of access to and operation of the
network or similar cryptocurrency systems; 

Changes
in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; 

Our
ability to hire and retain employees or engage third-parties with experience in the cryptocurrency industry; 

The
maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the network; 

The
availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services, including new means of using fiat currencies; 

General
economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to digital assets; and 

Negative
consumer sentiment and perception of bitcoin specifically and cryptocurrencies generally. 

If
any of those events occur, it may have a material adverse effect on our ability to pursue this business segment, which would have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire
for our own account and harm investors in our securities. 

Banks
and financial institutions may not provide banking services, or may cut off services, to businesses that provide cryptocurrency-related
services or that accept cryptocurrencies as payment, including financial institutions of investors in our securities. 

A
number of companies that provide bitcoin and/or other cryptocurrency-related services have been unable to find banks or financial institutions
that are willing to provide them with bank accounts and other services. Similarly, a number of companies and individuals or businesses
associated with cryptocurrencies have had and may continue to have their existing bank accounts closed or services discontinued with
financial institutions. We also may be unable to obtain or maintain these services for our business. The difficulty that many businesses
that provide bitcoin and/or other cryptocurrency-related services have and may continue to have in finding banks and financial institutions
willing to provide them services may be decreasing the usefulness of cryptocurrencies as a payment system and harming public perception
of cryptocurrencies and could decrease its usefulness and harm its public perception in the future. Similarly, the usefulness of cryptocurrencies
as a payment system and the public perception of cryptocurrencies could be damaged if banks or financial institutions were to close the
accounts of businesses providing bitcoin and/or other cryptocurrency-related services. This could occur as a result of compliance risk,
cost, government regulation or public pressure. The risk applies to securities firms, clearance and settlement firms, national stock
and commodities exchanges, the over the counter market and the Depository Trust Company, which, if any of such entities adopts or implements
similar policies, rules or regulations, could result in the inability of our investors to open or maintain stock or commodities accounts,
including the ability to deposit, maintain or trade our securities. Such factors would have a material adverse effect on our ability
to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects
or operations and harm investors. 

39 

The
impact of geopolitical events on the supply and demand for cryptocurrencies is uncertain. 

Crises
may motivate large-scale purchases of cryptocurrencies which could increase the price of cryptocurrencies rapidly. This may increase
the likelihood of a subsequent price decrease as crisis-driven purchasing behavior wanes, adversely affecting the value of any cryptocurrencies
we hold or expect to acquire for our own account. Such risks are similar to the risks of purchasing commodities in general uncertain
times, such as the risk of purchasing, holding or selling gold. 

As
an alternative to gold or fiat currencies that are backed by central governments, cryptocurrencies, which are relatively new, are subject
to supply and demand forces. How such supply and demand will be impacted by geopolitical events is uncertain but could be harmful to
us and investors in our securities. Nevertheless, political or economic crises may motivate large-scale acquisitions or sales of cryptocurrencies
either globally or locally. Such events would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue
this segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of
any cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire for our own account. 

Acceptance
and/or widespread use of cryptocurrency is uncertain. 

Currently,
there is a relatively small use of bitcoins and/or other cryptocurrencies in the retail and commercial marketplace for goods or services.
In comparison there is relatively large use by speculators, which contributes to price volatility. 

The
relative lack of acceptance of cryptocurrencies in the retail and commercial marketplace limits the ability of end-users to use them
to pay for goods and services. Such lack of acceptance or decline in acceptances would have a material adverse effect on our ability
to pursue this business segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially
the value of any cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire for our own account. 

Transactional
fees may decrease demand for Bitcoin and prevent expansion. 

As
the number of Bitcoin awarded for solving a block in a blockchain decreases, the incentive for miners to continue to contribute to the
bitcoin network will transition from a set reward to transaction fees. Either the requirement from miners of higher transaction
fees in exchange for recording transactions in a blockchain or a software upgrade that automatically charges fees for all transactions
may decrease demand for bitcoin and prevent the expansion of the bitcoin network to retail merchants and commercial businesses, resulting
in a reduction in the price of bitcoin that could adversely impact an investment in our securities. 

In
order to incentivize miners to continue to contribute to the Bitcoin network, the Bitcoin network may either formally or informally transition
from a set reward to transaction fees earned upon solving a block. This transition could be accomplished by miners independently
electing to record in the blocks they solve only those transactions that include payment of a transaction fee. If transaction fees
paid for bitcoin transactions become too high, the marketplace may be reluctant to accept bitcoin as a means of payment and existing
users may be motivated to switch from bitcoin to another cryptocurrency or to fiat currency. Decreased use and demand for Bitcoin
may adversely affect its value and result in a reduction in the price of bitcoin and the value of our securities. 

40 

Cryptocurrency
inventory, including that maintained by or for us, may be exposed to cybersecurity threats and hacks. 

As
with any computer code generally, flaws in cryptocurrency codes may be exposed by malicious actors. Cryptocurrencies are held in
software wallets, which may be subject to cyberattacks. Several errors and defects have been found previously, including those
that disabled some functionality for users and exposed users information. Exploitations of flaws in the source code that
allow malicious actors to take or create money have previously occurred. If a malicious actor or botnet (a volunteer or hacked
collection of computers controlled by networked software coordinating the actions of the computers) obtains control of more than 50 
of the processing power on a distributed ledger network, such actor or botnet could manipulate the network to adversely affect the associated
cryptocurrency and its users. If a malicious actor or botnet obtains a majority of the processing power dedicated to mining a cryptocurrency,
it may be able to alter the distributed ledger network on which transactions of cryptocurrency reside and rely by constructing fraudulent
blocks or preventing certain transactions from completing in a timely manner, or at all. 

Despite
our efforts and processes to prevent breaches, our devices, as well as our servers, computer systems and those of third parties that
we use in our operations, are vulnerable to cyber security risks, including cyber-attacks such as viruses and worms, phishing attacks,
denial-of-service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, employee theft or misuse, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering
with our servers and computer systems or those of third parties that we use in our operations. Such events could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies we mine or otherwise
acquire or hold for our own account. 

It
may be illegal now, or in the future, to acquire, own, hold, sell or use Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, participate in the blockchain
or utilize similar digital assets in one or more countries, the ruling of which would adversely affect us. 

Although
currently Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, the blockchain and digital assets generally are not regulated or are lightly regulated
in most countries, including the United States, one or more countries such as China and Russia may take regulatory actions in the future
that could severely restrict the right to acquire, own, hold, sell or use these digital assets or to exchange for fiat currency. Such
restrictions may adversely affect us. Such circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern
or to pursue this segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially
the value of any cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire for our own account and harm investors. 

If
regulatory changes or interpretations require the regulation of bitcoins or other digital assets under the securities laws of the United
States or elsewhere, including the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or similar laws of other jurisdictions and interpretations by the SEC, the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission CFTC ), the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), Department of Treasury or other agencies
or authorities, we may be required to register and comply with such regulations, including at a state or local level. To the extent that
we decide to continue operations, the required registrations and regulatory compliance steps may result in extraordinary expense or burdens
to us. We may also decide to cease certain operations. Any disruption of our operations in response to the changed regulatory circumstances
may be at a time that is disadvantageous to us. 

Current
and future legislation and SEC and CFTC rulemaking and other regulatory developments, including interpretations released by a regulatory
authority, may impact the manner in which bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies are viewed or treated for classification and clearing purposes.
In particular, bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies may not be excluded from the definition of security by SEC rulemaking
or interpretation requiring registration of all transactions, unless another exemption is available, including transacting in bitcoin
or cryptocurrency amongst owners and require registration of trading platforms as exchanges . We cannot be certain as to
how future regulatory developments will impact the treatment of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies under the law. If we determine not
to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may seek to cease certain of our operations in this business
segment or be subjected to fines, penalties and other governmental action. Any such action may adversely affect an investment in us.
Such circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all,
which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies
we hold or expect to acquire for our own account and harm investors. 

41 

Lack
of liquid markets, and possible manipulation of blockchain/cryptocurrency-based assets may adversely affect us. 

Digital
assets that are represented and trade on a ledger-based platform may not necessarily benefit from viable trading markets. Stock exchanges
have listing requirements and vet issuers, requiring them to be subjected to rigorous listing standards and rules and monitoring investors
transacting on such platform for fraud and other improprieties. These conditions may not necessarily be replicated on a distributed ledger
platform, depending on the platform s controls and other policies. The more lax a distributed ledger platform is about vetting
issuers of digital assets or users that transact on the platform, the higher the potential risk for fraud or the manipulation of digital
assets. These factors may decrease liquidity or volume, or increase volatility of digital securities or other assets trading on a ledger-based
system. Such circumstances may have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment
at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies
we hold or expect to acquire for our own account and harm investors. 

If
federal or state legislatures or agencies initiate or release tax determinations that change the classification of bitcoins as property
for tax purposes (in the context of when such bitcoins are held as an investment), such determination could have a negative tax consequence
on our Company or our shareholders. 

Current
IRS guidance indicates that digital assets such as Bitcoin should be treated and taxed as property, and that transactions involving the
payment of Bitcoin for goods and services should be treated as barter transactions. While such treatment would create a potential tax
reporting requirement for any circumstance where the ownership of bitcoin passes from one person to another, usually by means of bitcoin
transactions (including off-blockchain transactions), it preserves the right to apply capital gains treatment to those transactions.
Any change to such tax treatment may adversely affect an investment in our Company. 

Our
dependence on third-party software and personnel may leave us vulnerable to price fluctuations and rapidly changing technology. 

Competitive
conditions within the cryptocurrency industry require that we use sophisticated technology in the operation of our future cryptocurrency
mining business segment. We plan to utilize third-party software applications in our mining operations. Further, we that
some of our operations may be conducted through collaboration with software providers. The industry for blockchain technology is
characterized by rapid technological changes, new product introductions, enhancements and evolving industry standards. New technologies,
techniques or products could emerge that might offer better performance than the software and other technologies we plan to utilize,
and we may have to manage transitions to these new technologies to remain competitive. We may not be successful, generally or relative
to our competitors in the cryptocurrency industry, in timely implementing new technology into our systems, or doing so in a cost-effective
manner. During the course of implementing any such new technology into our operations, we may experience the system interruptions
and failures discussed above. Furthermore, there can be no assurances that we will recognize, in a timely manner or at all, the
benefits that we may expect as a result of our implementing new technology into our operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Capital Stock 

There
is a very limited existing market for our common stock and we do not know if a more liquid market for our common stock will develop to
provide you with adequate liquidity. 

There
has been a very limited public market for our common stock. We cannot assure you that an active trading market for our common stock will
develop, or if it does develop, that will be maintained. You may not be able to sell your securities quickly or at the market price if
trading in our securities is not active. In the absence of a public trading market: 

you may not be able to
 liquidate your investment in our securities; 

you may not be able to
 resell your securities at or above the public offering price; 

the market price of our
 common stock may experience more price volatility; and 

there may be less efficiency
 in carrying out your purchase and sale orders. 

42 

The
market price of our common stock may be highly volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be volatile. This volatility may prevent you from being able to sell your shares at or
above the price you paid for your shares. Our stock price could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors,
which include: 

whether we achieve our
 anticipated corporate objectives; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations
 in our quarterly or annual operating results; 

changes in financial or
 operational estimates or projections; 

termination of the lock-up agreement
 or other restrictions on the ability of our stockholders and other security holders to sell shares; 

changes in the economic
 performance or market valuations of companies similar to ours; and 

general economic or political
 conditions in the United States or elsewhere. 

In
addition, the stock market in general, and the stock of companies that are competitive to us in particular, have experienced extreme
price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad
market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

If
our shares become subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. 

The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized
for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions
in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. If we do not retain a listing on a national securities exchange and if the
price of our common stock is less than 5.00, our common stock will be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing
specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise
exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment
for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a
written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock, and therefore
stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 

As
a thinly-traded stock, large sales can place downward pressure on our stock price. 

Our
stock experiences periods when it could be considered thinly traded . Financing transactions resulting in a large number
of newly issued shares that become readily tradable, or other events that cause current stockholders to sell shares, could place further
downward pressure on the trading price of our stock. In addition, the lack of a robust resale market may require a stockholder who desires
to sell a large number of shares to sell the shares in increments over time to mitigate any adverse impact of the sales on the market
price of our stock. 

We
could issue additional common stock, which might dilute the book value of our capital stock. 

The
Company may issue all or a part of its authorized but unissued shares of common stock. Any such stock issuance could be made at a price
that reflects a discount or a premium to the then-current trading price of our common stock. In addition, in order to raise future
capital, we may need to issue securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for a significant amount of our common stock. These
issuances, if any, would dilute your percentage ownership interest in the Company, thereby having the effect of reducing your influence
on matters on which stockholders vote. You may incur additional dilution if holders of stock options or warrants, whether currently outstanding
or subsequently granted, exercise their options, or if warrant holders exercise their warrants to purchase shares of our common stock.
As a result, any such issuances or exercises would dilute your interest in the Company and the per share book value of the common stock
that you owned, either of which could negatively affect the trading price of our common stock and the value of your investment. 

43 

Shares
eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market for our common stock. 

As of March 29, 2023, there are 8,563,127 warrants to purchase shares
of our common stock outstanding (with a weighted average exercise price of 5.02) and 2,362,321 outstanding options to purchase shares
of common stock (with a weighted average exercise price of 0.0064). If and when these securities are exercised into shares of our common
stock, the number of our shares of common stock outstanding will increase. Such increase in our outstanding shares, and any sales of such
shares, could have a material adverse effect on the market for our common stock and the market price of our common stock. 

In
addition, from time to time, all of our current stockholders are eligible to sell all or some of their shares of common stock by means
of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act, subject to certain
limitations. In general, pursuant to Rule 144, after satisfying a six month holding period: (i) affiliated stockholders (or stockholders
whose shares are aggregated) may, under certain circumstances, sell within any three month period a number of securities which does not
exceed the greater of 1 of the then outstanding shares of common stock or the average weekly trading volume of the class during the
four calendar weeks prior to such sale and (ii) non-affiliated stockholders may sell without such limitations, provided that we
are current in our public reporting obligations. Rule 144 also permits the sale of securities by non-affiliates that have satisfied
a one year holding period without any limitation or restriction. Any substantial sale of our common stock pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant
to any resale prospectus may have a material adverse effect on the market price of our securities. 

Because
certain principal stockholders own a large percentage of our voting stock, other stockholders voting power may be limited. 

As
of March 28, 2023, Ronny Yakov, our chief executive officer, owned or controlled approximately 33.04 of our outstanding voting stock.
Accordingly, Mr. Yakov has the ability to have a substantial influence on matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including
the election and removal of directors and the approval of any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
As a result, our other stockholders may have little influence over matters submitted for stockholder approval. In addition, the ownership
of Mr. Yakov could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us, and consequently, adversely affect the price of our common stock.
Further, he may make decisions that are adverse to your interests. 

As
an emerging growth company under applicable law, we will be subject to lessened disclosure requirements, which could leave
our stockholders without information or rights available to stockholders of more mature companies. 

For
as long as we remain an emerging growth company , we have elected to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited
to: 

not being required to comply
 with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

taking advantage of an
 extension of time to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards; 

reduced disclosure obligations
 regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; and 

exemptions from the requirements
 of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
 approved. 

We
expect to take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. Because of these
lessened regulatory requirements, our stockholders would be left without information or rights available to stockholders of more mature
companies. 

44 

Because
we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards for an emerging growth
company our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

We
have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards for an emerging growth company.
This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and
private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be
comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates, and thus investors may have difficulty evaluating or comparing
our business, performance or prospects in comparison to other public companies, which may have a negative impact on the value and liquidity
of our common stock. 

Anti-takeover provisions
in our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company and may affect the trading
price of our common stock. 

The
anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting
us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested
stockholder, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our certificate of incorporation,
as amended (which we refer to as the certificate of incorporation), and bylaws, as amended (which we refer to as the bylaws), may discourage,
delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws: 

provide that vacancies
 on our board of directors, including newly created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office; 

provide that special meetings
 of stockholders may be called by a majority vote of our board of directors or at least 25 of shares held by our stockholders; 

not provide stockholders
 with the ability to cumulate their votes; and 

provide that a majority
 of our stockholders (over 50 and a vote by the majority of our board may amend our bylaws. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock offered in this transaction for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, any potential
investor who anticipates the need for current dividends should not purchase our securities. 

Risks
Related to Public Companies 

We
could be delisted from NASDAQ, which could seriously harm the liquidity of our stock and our ability to raise capital. 

If
we cease to be eligible to trade on the NASDAQ Capital Market: 

We may have to pursue trading
 on a less recognized or accepted market, such as the OTC Bulletin Board or the pink sheets. 

The trading price of our
 common stock could suffer, including an increased spread between the bid and asked prices quoted by market
 makers. 

Shares of our common stock
 could be less liquid and marketable, thereby reducing the ability of stockholders to purchase or sell our shares as quickly and as
 inexpensively as they have done historically. If our stock is traded as a penny stock, transactions in our stock would
 be more difficult and cumbersome. 

We may be unable to access
 capital on favorable terms or at all, as companies trading on alternative markets may be viewed as less attractive investments with
 higher associated risks, such that existing or prospective institutional investors may be less interested in, or prohibited from,
 investing in our common stock. This may also cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

45 

We
incur substantial costs as a result of being a public company and our management expects to devote substantial time to public company
compliance programs. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, insurance, accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with public company
reporting. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment will result in
increased general and administrative expenses and may divert management s time and attention from product development and commercialization
activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing
bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may
be harmed. These laws and regulations could make it more difficult and costlier for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance
for our directors and officers, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage.
These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executive officers and qualified members of our
board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit and compensation committees. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet
the legal, regulatory and other requirements related to being a public company, we may not be able to maintain the listing of our common
stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market, which would likely have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

Securities
analysts may not continue to provide coverage of our common stock or may issue negative reports, which may have a negative impact on
the market price of our common stock. 

Since
completing our public offering of shares of our common stock in August 2020, a limited number of securities analysts have been providing
research coverage of our common stock. If securities analysts do not continue to cover our common stock, the lack of research coverage
may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. The trading market for our common stock may be affected in part by the research
and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about our business. If one or more of the analysts who elect to cover us downgrade
our stock, our stock price could decline rapidly. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us, we could lose visibility in
the market, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. In addition, under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, and a global settlement among the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, other regulatory agencies and a number of investment
banks, which was reached in 2003, many investment banking firms are required to contract with independent financial analysts for their
stock research. It may be difficult for a company such as ours, with a smaller market capitalization, to attract independent financial
analysts that will cover our common stock. This could have a negative effect on the market price of our stock. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Property 

For
our corporate headquarters we currently rent shared office space at 1120 Avenue of the Americas, 4 th Floor, New York, New
York which can be 150 square feet. T he monthly services fee is 2,765.00 with a communications
fee of 100 per month. Per the terms of the Agreement, the fees for the first and 13 th month
of the term (if extended beyond the initial term) shall be waived. The initial term of the Agreement is for one year, commencing September
1, 2022 and expiring August 31, 2023 with an automatic extension of the term of the Company does not provide at least 60 days prior notice
to the end of the term. 

On
August 16, 2022, DMINT Real Estate Holdings, Inc. DREH ), a wholly owned subsidiary of purchased 4.73 acres of land and
a building located at 565 Industrial Park Drive, Selmer, McNairy County, Tennessee for a purchase price of 408,000.00. DMINT established
a Bitcoin mining data center powered on the local power grid. The location is expected to have capacity for up to 5,000 mining machines. 

46 

eVance, Inc.
rents approximately 4,277 square feet of property located at 960 Northpoint Parkway, Alpharetta, Georgia, Suite 400. The term of the
Lease is for thirty-nine (39) months commencing September 1, 2020. The monthly base rent is 8,019 for the first twelve (12) months
increasing thereafter to 8,768. The total rent for the entire lease term is 315,044 and 8,768 is payable as a security deposit. The
first three months of rent was abated. 

DMINT has two leases (the Leases in Bradford, Pennsylvania
relating to a combined 10,000 square feet of property located at the Bradford Regional Airport Authority multi-tenant building in Lafayette
Township. The Leases are each for a term of five years, ending on the later of the date of occupancy and November 10, 2026. The monthly
base rent for Cell 3 , comprising 4,000 square feet, is 1,666.67 per month. The monthly base rent for Cell 4 ,
comprising 6,000 square feet, is 2,500 per month. The total rent for the entire lease term of the Leases is 250,000 and 8,767.85 is
payable as a security deposit. DMINT is currently finalizing negotiations of an early termination of the Leases as it has moved all operating
Bitcoin mining computers to its Selmer, TN location. 

The
Company also leases approximately 778 square feet at 3301 North Third, Abilene, Taylor County, Texas at 740 per month. The lease is
a month-to-month rental which can be terminated at any time. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

Other
than ongoing litigation with FFS relating to a breach of contract in connection with the Acquired Merchant Portfolio, there are no material
claims, actions, suits, proceedings, or investigations that are currently pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened by
or against the Company or respecting its operations or assets, or by or against any of the Company s officers, directors, or affiliates. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

47 

PART
II. 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

After
August 11, 2020, our common stock was trading under the symbol OLB on the NASDAQ Capital Market NASDAQ ).
Prior to August 11, 2020, our common stock was quoted under the symbol OLBG on the Pink Open Market (f/k/a OTC Pink) published
by OTC Markets Group, Inc. OTC Pink ), where an established public trading market for our common stock did not exist. The
range of reported high and reported low sales prices per share for our common stock for each fiscal quarter during 2022 and 2021, as
reported by NASDAQ and the OTC Markets Group, is set forth below. 

Quarterly
common stock Price Ranges 

Fiscal Year 2022, Quarter Ended: 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 2.79 
 1.36 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 1.63 
 0.85 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 2.50 
 0.91 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 1.22 
 0.71 

Fiscal Year 2021, Quarter Ended: 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 16.04 
 4.30 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 7.98 
 4.30 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 6.65 
 3.30 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 6.53 
 2.51 

At
March 28, 2023 there were approximately 367 holders of record of our common stock, although we believe that there are other persons who
are beneficial owners of our common stock held in street name. The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Transfer Online,
Inc., 317 SW Alder Street, 2nd Floor Portland, OR 97204. Their telephone number is (503) 227-2950. 

48 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid any cash dividends and intend, for the foreseeable future, to retain any future earnings for the development of our business.
Our Board of Directors will determine our future dividend policy on the basis of various factors, including our results of operations,
financial condition, capital requirements and investment opportunities. 

Recent
Issuance of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 

The
following discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations for years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes related thereto included elsewhere
in this report. 

Overview 

We
are a FinTech company that focuses on a suite of products in the merchant services marketplace that seeks to provide integrated business
solutions to merchants throughout the United States. We seek to accomplish this by providing merchants with a wide range of products
and services through our various online platforms, including financial and transaction processing services. We also have products that
provide support for crowdfunding and other capital raising initiatives. We supplement our online platforms with certain hardware solutions
that are integrated with our online platforms. Our business functions primarily through three wholly-owned subsidiaries, eVance,
OmniSoft, and CrowdPay, though substantially all of our revenue has been generated from our eVance business (we began generating revenue
from our OmniSoft and CrowdPay businesses in the second half of 2019). We expect to build out our OmniSoft software business and to rely
more on individualized merchant services offerings for revenue so that we are not dependent on our revenue from our eVance business but
there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so. 

With
respect to our eVance business, our merchants are currently processing over 100,000,000 in gross transactions monthly and average approximately
1,400,000 transactions a month. These transactions come from a variety of sources including direct accounts and ISO channels. The accounts
consist of businesses across the United States with no concentration of industries or merchants. 

We
have integrated all the applications for OmniSoft and the ShopFast Omnicommerce solution with the eVance mobile payment gateway, SecurePay.comTM.
SecurePay.comTM, is currently used by approximately 3,000 merchants processing over 32,000 transactions and approximately 9,000,000
of monthly gross transactions (though our revenue from these transactions is limited). In July 2019, we launched a new merchant and ISO
boarding system that will be able to onboard merchants instantly. This provides the merchant with an automated approval and ISOs will
have the ability to see all their merchants and their residuals as they load to the system. 

On
May 22, 2020, the Company purchased certain assets from POSaBIT Inc. POSaBIT ), including its contracts and arrangements
with the Doublebeam merchant payment processing platform (the POSaBIT Asset Acquisition ). The assets included, but were
not limited to, software source codes, customer lists, customer contracts, hardware and website domains. 

49 

On
May 14, 2021, the Company formed OLBit, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary OLBit ). The purpose of OLBit is to hold the Company s
assets and operate its business related to its emerging money transmission and transactional business. 

On July 23, 2021, we formed DMINT, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary DMINT to operate in the cryptocurrency mining industry, specifically the mining of Bitcoin. DMINT initiated the first
phase of the Bitcoin mining operation by placing data centers and ASIC-based Antminer S19J Pro mining computers specifically configured
to mine Bitcoin in Pennsylvania. As of December 31, 2022, DMINT has purchased 1,000 computers. In February 2023, it re-deployed all of
the computers to its Selmer, Tennessee location. At December 31, 2022, DMINT had mined 31.06 Bitcoin. 

On
January 3, 2022, the Company entered into a share exchange agreement with all of the shareholders of Crowd Ignition, Inc. Crowd
Ignition whereby the Company would purchase 100 of the equity of Crowd Ignition in exchange for 1,318,408 shares of the common
stock, par value 0.0001 of the Company (the CI Issued Shares ). The value of the CI Issued Shares was, for purposes of
the Agreement, based on the closing trading price of the Company on October 1, 2021 (the date on which a third-party fairness opinion
was issued), resulting in an aggregate purchase price for Crowd Ignition of 5.3 million. 

Crowd
Ignition is a web-based crowdfunding software system. Ronny Yakov, Chairman and CEO of the Company and John Herzog, a significant shareholder
of the Company, own 100 of the equity of Crowd Ignition. The software provides broker-dealer, merchant banks and law firms a platform
to market crowdfunding offerings, collect payments and issue securities. The software has been developed in response to, and to comply
with, recent changes in investment regulations including Regulation D 506(b) and 506(v), Regulation A+ and Title III of the Jobs Act
(Regulation CF), including raising the crowdfunding limit from 1.07 million to 5.0 million. Crowd Ignition is one of only about 50
companies registered with the SEC to provide the services permitted under Regulation CF. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had total revenue of 30,368,979 compared to 16,710,759 of revenue for the year ended December
31, 2021, an increase of 13,140,159 or 83.1 . We earned 28,950,785 in transaction and processing fees, 64,900 in merchant equipment
sales, 627,115 in other revenue from monthly recurring subscriptions and 726,179 of other revenue from the Cryptocurrency Mining segment,
compared to 15,810,626 in transaction and processing fees, 131,802 in merchant equipment sales, 464,327 in other revenue from monthly
recurring subscriptions and 304,004 of other revenue from the Cryptocurrency Mining Segment. The increase in revenue was a result of
an increase in the amount of fees earned from merchant processing transactions primarily due to the revenue attributed to the merchant
portfolio acquired in the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2021 and to increased revenue from Bitcoin mining. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had processing and servicing costs of 23,152,397 compared to 13,480,212 of processing and servicing
costs for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 9,672,185 or 71.8 . Processing and servicing costs increased in conjunction
with the increased revenue. 

Amortization and depreciation expense for the year ended December 31,
2022 was 3,664,488 compared to 1,703,401 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,961,087 or 115.1 . We record amortization
expense on our merchant portfolio, trademarks and natural gas purchase rights. Our amortization expense for the year ended December 31,
2022, increased due to the agreement with Cai Energy to purchase natural gas to operate the Bitcoin mining computers used in the Cryptocurrency
Mining segment. 

Depreciation
expense for our Cryptocurrency Mining Segment was 3,193,683 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 187,498 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

Salary
and wage expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3,073,598 compared to 2,126,451 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an
increase of 947,147 or 44.5 . The increase is due to both new hires and salary increases to existing employees and management. 

50 

Professional
fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 964,541 compared to 1,590,520 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 625,979
or 39.4 . Professional fees consist mainly of audit and legal fees. The decrease in the current period is due to a decrease in legal
fees of approximately 575,000 and auditor expenses of approximately 51,500, compared with the prior period in which the Company completed
an offering of its common stock and warrants. 

General and Administrative G A expense for the
year ended December 31, 2022, was 4,490,731 compared to 2,387,416 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2,103,315 or
88.1 . Some of our larger G A expenses include insurance policy expense of 319,500 from 234,000 in the prior year. Insurance expense
has increased as a result of the cost to insure the Bitcoin mining machines and the increase in the size of the Company s business.
We also had travel expense 336,300 from 250,000 in the prior year, marketing and promotion of 210,000 from 180,000 in the prior year,
contracted services of 656,000 from 511,000 in the prior year, utilities of 565,000 from 406,000 in the prior year and computer and
internet expense of 730,000 from 515,000 in the prior year. We also had an increase in stock-based compensation of 328,641 for
stock option expense. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 0 of interest expense, compared to 116,737 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
decrease in interest expense is due the conversion of all related party debt and the repayment of the Term Loan in March 2021. In the
prior year we also recognized a gain on the forgiveness of debt of 236,231 for our PPP loan and a 333,158 expense for litigation liability. 

Our net loss for year ended December 31, 2022,
was 7,787,269 compared to 4,978,358 for year ended December 31, 2021. We had an increase in our net loss of 2,808,911 for the reasons
discussed above. 

Trends
and Uncertainties 

The
Company s financial condition and results of operations for the next fiscal year 2022 may be adversely affected
by a further prolonging of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

The
New York and Atlanta areas, including the location of the Company s corporate headquarters and its operations business, continued
to experience impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. The Company is currently following the recommendations of local health authorities
to minimize exposure risk for its employees and visitors. However, the scale and duration of this pandemic remains unknown. If there
was another increase in cases requiring quarantines or closures of businesses, the duration of the business disruption and related financial
impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. While the Company is currently implementing specific business continuity plans to
reduce the potential impact of COVID-19 during 2022 and believe that its business being principally operated using digital platforms,
in the long-term, will suffer minimal ongoing negative impact, there is no guarantee that the Company s continuity plan will be
successful, that the Company s merchants will meet the number of forecasted transactions due to a change in consumer activity around
point of sale purchasing resulting from the temporary closure of businesses in the future. 

In
2021, as a result of the continued high transmission of COVID-19 cases requiring quarantines and convalescence of so many people, the
Company experienced some disruptions to its business and disruptions for the Company s customers and merchants that had an impact
on the number of transactions processed by the Company. The extent to which COVID-19 or any other health epidemic may impact the Company s
results for 2022 and beyond will depend on future developments and impacts of variants of the virus, which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the continuing economic impact of the response to
the COVID-19 pandemic. Accordingly, COVID-19 could still have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations,
financial condition and prospects during 2022 and beyond. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Changes
in Cash Flows 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 1,921,318 of cash in
operating activities, which included our net loss offset by 6,858,171 for amortization and depreciation expense, 624,683 for stock-based
compensation, stock to be issued for services of 164,999 and net changes in operating assets and liabilities of 1,781,965). 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we used 3,508,082 of cash in operating activities, which included our net loss offset by 1,890,899
for amortization and depreciation expense, 461,051 for stock-based compensation, a gain on forgiveness of debt of 236,231 and net changes
in operating assets and liabilities of 648,117). 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 1,562,361 of cash used for investing activities. We used 409,000 for plant and machinery,
 1,062,000 for office equipment and 96,000 for leasehold improvements. 

51 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we used 25,661,600 of cash used for investing activities. We purchased 186,600 of office equipment
and 9,410,000 of mining equipment for our DMINT subsidiary. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we received net cash of 447,429 from financing activities. We received a loan payable of 875,000,
of which we repaid 317,571. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we received net cash of 28,815,530 from financing activities. We received a total of 8,090,709 from
the exercise of warrants issued in the offerings, 16 from the exercise of options and we netted 28,379,650 from the sale of common
stock and warrants. In addition, 7,654,845 was repaid on our loan to GACP. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of 434,026 and negative working capital of 64,503. 

On
August 11, 2020, the Company closed an offering of its securities (the Offering for gross proceeds of 6.45 million. The
Company sold 700,000 units consisting of (a) one share of our common stock; (b) two Series A Warrants, and (c) one-half of
one Series B warrant. In addition, the underwriter fully exercised its option to purchase 210,000 Series A warrants and 52,500 Series
B warrants. While 20 of the net proceeds of 5.5 million was used to repay a portion of our outstanding Term Loan, immediately following
the Offering, the Company had cash of 5.6 million on hand. As such, the Company believes it will be able fund future liquidity and capital
requirements through cash flows generated from its operating activities for a period of at least twelve months from the date its condensed
consolidated financial statements are issued. 

On
March 2, 2021, the Company, utilizing a portion of funds received from the exercise of outstanding warrants, paid approximately 7.7
million to the pay off the entire outstanding amount of the Term Loan. In connection with the extinguishment of the obligations under
the Term Loan, 40,000 warrants to purchase Common Stock were cancelled. 

In
addition, the Company has received a Paycheck Protection Program loan under the CARES Act for approximately 236,000 (the PPP
Loan ). On October 11, 2021, the Company obtained forgiveness of all amounts due under the PPP Loan. 

On
November 2, 2021, the Company entered into a series of securities purchase agreements with certain institutional accredited investors
pursuant to which the Company issued and sold, in a private placement (i) 1,969,091 shares (the Shares of the Company s
Common Stock (ii) pre-funded warrants exercisable for a total of 2,576,364 shares of Common Stock (the Prefunded Warrant Shares with an exercise price of 0.0001 per Prefunded Warrant Share, and (iii) warrants exercisable for a total of 4,545,455 shares of Common
Stock (the Common Warrant Shares and together with the Prefunded Warrant Shares, the Warrant Shares with
an exercise price of 6.50 per Common Warrant Share. The offering closed on November 5, 2021 and the Company received net proceeds of
approximately 22.9 million, after deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses. The Company intends to use the net
proceeds from the offering to invest in or acquire companies or technologies that are synergistic with or complimentary to its business,
to expand and market its current products and for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

The
Company has reviewed its cash flow activity during 2022 and projected cash flow forecast for 2023 and performed an overall analysis of
market trends to determine whether or not it has sufficient liquidity to continue as a going concern for a period of at least twelve
months from the date of this Annual Report. As a result of (a) the improved transaction volume trends the Company experienced
during 2021 and 2022, (b) the increase in the number of merchants after the acquisitions of several portfolios during 2021, and (c) the
funds received from the capital raises and PPP Loan, as discussed above, the Company believes it has sufficient liquidity in order to
sustain operations for at least the twelve months following the filing of this Annual Report. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Refer
to Note 2 of our financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K for a summary of our critical accounting policies and recently
adopting and issued accounting standards. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

52 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

The OLB Group, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of The OLB Group, Inc. (the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Emphasis of Matter 

As discussed in Note 2, the accompanying consolidated
financial statements at and for the year ended December 31, 2021 have been revised. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Continued from previous page 

Intangible Assets
Impairment Assessments 

As described in Notes
2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has goodwill and intangible assets of 27.2 million at December 31, 2022.
In most cases, no directly observable market inputs are available to measure the fair value to determine if the asset is impaired. Therefore,
an estimate is derived indirectly and is based on net present value techniques utilizing post-tax cash flows and discount rates. The estimates
that management used in calculating the net present values depend on assumptions specific to the nature of the management service activities
with regard to the amount and timing of projected future cash flows; long-term forecasts; actions of competitors (competing services),
future tax and discount rates. 

The principal considerations
for our determination that performing procedures relating to the intangible assets impairment assessment is a critical audit matter are
the significant judgment by management when developing the net present value of the intangible assets. This in turn led to a high degree
of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related
to the amount and timing of projected future cash flows and the discount rate. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge. 

Addressing the matter
involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial
statements. These procedures included testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate; evaluating the appropriateness
of the net present value techniques; testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the model; and evaluating the significant
assumptions used by management, including the amount and timing of projected future cash flows and the discount rate. Evaluating management s
assumptions related to the amount and timing of projected future cash flows and the discount rate involved evaluating whether the assumptions
used by management were reasonable considering the current and past performance of the intangible assets, the consistency with external
market and industry data, and whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

We have served as the
Company s auditor since 2020 

Boca Raton, Florida 

March 29, 2023 

F- 2 

The OLB Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 (Revised) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Other Assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other long-term assets 

Total Other Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Preferred dividend payable (related parties) 

Merchant portfolio purchase installment obligation 

Operating lease liability current portion 

Note payable current portion 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long Term Liabilities: 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

Operating lease liability net of current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized 

Series A Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued, and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Treasury stock, at cost shares) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

T he accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

The OLB Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Transaction and processing fees 

Merchant equipment rental and sales 

Revenue, net - cryptocurrency mining 

Other revenue from monthly recurring subscriptions 

Total revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Processing and servicing costs, excluding merchant portfolio amortization 

Amortization and depreciation expense 

Depreciation expense - cryptocurrency mining 

Salaries and wages 

Professional fees 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Litigation expense 

Other income 

Total other income (expense) 

Net Loss 

Less: Preferred dividends (related parties) 

Net loss to common shareholders 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

The OLB Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
Equity 

For the Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional Paid 
 Common Stock to 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 In Capital 
 Be Issued 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Stock based compensation 

Common stock issued exercise of warrants
 related party 

Options issued for intangible assets 

Common stock units issued for cash 

Common stock issued for director
 services 

Common stock issued for exercise
 of warrants 

Preferred stock dividends (related
 parties) 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Stock based compensation 

Common stock issued for common control
 acquisitions 

Common stock issued for exercise
 of warrants 

Repurchase of shares 

Conversion of preferred shares 
 related party 

Preferred stock dividends (related
 parties) 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

The OLB Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations: 

Non-cash mining revenue 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock based compensation 

Common stock to be issued for services to Directors 

Operating lease expense 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other long-term assets 

Accounts payable 

Other accrued liabilities 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Acquisition of intangible assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from note payable 

Payments on note payable 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from sale of common stock units 

Proceeds from exercise of options related party 

Cash used for acquisition of treasury stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash beginning of year 

Cash end of year 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Supplemental non-cash disclosure: 

Establishment of ROU operating lease asset and related liability 

Merchant portfolio purchase installment obligation 

Options issued for acquisition of natural gas rights 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

The OLB Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 

- of various types of securities
under Regulation D, Regulation Crowdfunding, Regulation A and the Securities Act of 1933. To date, the activities of this subsidiary
have been nominal. 

shares
of Common Stock, par value (with a fair value of approximately million on the date of grant) at an exercise price
of per share (the CAI Options ). The natural gas was being used in connection with the Cryptocurrency Business
prior to opening the Selmer, Tennessee location. 

using his personal funds. 

F- 7 

per annum. 

Preferred dividend payable 

Other 

Total liabilities 

Additional paid-in capital 

Others 

Total stockholders equity 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net loss allocable to common shareholders 

Loss per share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

F- 8 

coverage limit. 

and shares of common stock, respectively, because of their anti-dilutive effect.
The weighted average number of common shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 does not include and options,
respectively, to purchase common stock because of their anti-dilutive effect. 

years). 

F- 9 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Investment in cryptocurrency-based fund 

Other current assets 

Total 

F- 10 

Retail contracts 

Other transaction and processing fees 

Cryptocurrency mining fees 

Total transactions and processing fees 

F- 11 

Bitcoin and the fair value
of the Company s digital assets was based on the price of Bitcoin being . 

. 

F- 12 

, accounts receivable of approximately and bitcoin at cost of (with the fair value of approximately based on the price of
Bitcoin being at December 31, 2022), and accounts
payable and accrued expenses of approximately . To date the Company has generated cash flows from issuances of equity and
indebtedness. 

Less accumulated amortization 

Net residual portfolios 

Less accumulated amortization 

Net trade name 

Less accumulated amortization 

Net trade name 

Less accumulated amortization 

Net mineral rights 

Total intangible assets, net 

and , respectively. 

and years. 

years. 

F- 13 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

years at December 31, 2022. 

Office Equipment 

Computer Software 

Leasehold Improvements 

Bitcoin Mining Equipment 

Plant and Machinery 

Total 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and Equipment, net 

and , respectively. 

F- 14 

with GACP (the Term Loan which obligations
are guaranteed by the Company (collectively with the Borrowers, the Loan Parties ), under the Loan and Security Agreement
(the Credit Agreement ). 

to the Agent under the Credit Agreement (the Prepayment ). The Prepayment facilitated
the discharge in full of all of the obligations under the Credit Agreement. In connection with the extinguishment of the obligations
under the Credit Agreement, warrants to purchase Common Stock were cancelled. 

(the PPP Loan ). The PPP Loan matures on May
7, 2022 and bears interest at per annum. Monthly amortized principal and interest payments are deferred for 6 months after the
date of the agreement. The Paycheck Protection Program provides that the use of PPP Loan proceeds were limited to certain
qualifying expenses and may be partially or wholly forgiven in accordance with the requirements set forth in the CARES Act. The Company
received notice on October 11, 2021 that the PPP Loan had been entirely forgiven resulting in the recognition of a gain on extinguishing
of debt. 

million, with million
paid at closing, million payable within six months after closing, and a million payment to be transferred to an escrow account,
contingent upon an Attrition Adjustment, as described in the Agreement. Company management has recognized a liability for the contingent
payment amount. However, on July 18, 2022, the Company notified the Seller of certain breaches of contract relating to, among other things,
representations made by Seller in the Agreement, for which it will seek a reduction or cancellation of the final payment and a potential
reduction in the overall purchase price. The Company has filed a claim for breach of contract against Seller and Seller has filed a breach
of contract counterclaim against the Company. The matter is currently in the early stages and no date for an arbitration or court hearing
has been scheduled. 

F- 15 

shares of common stock pursuant to the terms on the Company s employment agreement with Mr.
Yakov. The grant shall vest at the rate of 1/3 beginning on each anniversary of the effective date of grant. The options have an
exercise price of per share and expire in after each vest date. The aggregate fair value of the options
totaled based on the Black Scholes Merton pricing model using the following estimates: exercise price of , 
risk free rate, volatility (expected volatility based on weighted-average historical volatility of the Company on the grant
date) and expected life of the options of years. The fair value is being amortized over the applicable vesting period and
credited to additional paid in capital. 

shares
of Common Stock, par value (with a fair market value equal to million on the date of grant) at an exercise price
of per share (the CAI Options ). The aggregate fair value of the options totaled based on the
Black Scholes Merton pricing model using the following estimates: exercise price of , risk free rate, volatility
(expected volatility based on weighted-average historical volatility of the Company on the grant date) and expected life of the options
of years. On November 22, 2022, Mr. Ronny Yakov purchased the CAI Options, in a privately negotiated transaction, for 
using his personal funds. 

Mr. Yakov (similar amount granted annually
during employment contract) and Mr. Smith (granted only in 2022)). The options had an exercise price of per share.
Options of Mr.Yakov vested during the year, and options of Mr. Smith vested equally over five years. However, as per 2020 Equity Incentive
Plan then in force, only stock options remained authorized for issue on that date. Therefore only stock options were considered
granted initially (the number has been allocated between Mr. Yakov and Mr. Smith pro rata). The aggregate fair value of the options totaled
 based on the Black Scholes Merton pricing model using the following estimates: exercise price of , risk
free rate, volatility (expected volatility based on weighted-average historical volatility of the Company on the grant date)
and expected life of the options of years. 

shares
of common stock granted to Mr. Yakov, options immediately vested with an additional vested on January 1, 2023, and
the remaining vesting on January 1, 2024. Mr. Yakov is entitled to a similar grant annually during his employment period. The options
have an exercise price of per share. The aggregate fair value of the options totaled based on the Black Scholes
pricing model using the following estimates: exercise price of , risk free rates ranging from to , volatility
(expected volatility based on weighted-average historical volatility of the Company on the grant date) and expected life of the options
of ranging from to years. 

shares
of common stock granted to Mr. Smith, options immediately vested with an additional vested on January 1, 2023, and
the remaining vesting on January 1, 2024. The options have an exercise price of per share. The aggregate fair value
of the options totaled based on the Black Scholes pricing model using the the same estimates as stated above. 

. 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 

Expired 

Options outstanding on December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Modified 

Expired 

Options outstanding on December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable on December 31, 2022 

Those nonvested at the end of the 2022 year 

Those that during the 2022 year were: 

Granted (last year - 

Vested 

Modified 

Forfeited 
 - 

years. Weighted-average remaining contractual term of options exercisable as at December
31, 2022 is years. 

. The weighted-average period over which it is expected to be recognized
is years. 

F- 16 

shares of common stock and in a concurrent private placement, warrants to
purchase up to shares of common stock, at an aggregate purchase price of per Share and associated Warrant. 

shares of the Company s Common Stock (ii) pre-funded warrants exercisable for a total of 
shares of Common Stock (the Prefunded Warrant Shares with an exercise price of per Prefunded Warrant Share, and
(iii) warrants exercisable for a total of shares of Common Stock (the Common Warrant Shares and together with
the Prefunded Warrant Shares, the Warrant Shares with an exercise price of per Common Warrant Share. 

Cancelled 

-

Underwriter Warrants 

-

Warrant A Exercised 

-

Warrant B Exercised 

-

Underwriter Warrant Exercised 

-

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Underwriter Warrant Exercised 

-

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

The first
three months of rent will be abated so long as eVance is not in default of any portion of the Lease. 

square feet of property located at the Bradford Regional
Airport Authority multi-tenant building in Lafayette Township. The Leases are each for a term of , ending on the later of the
date of occupancy and November 10, 2026. The monthly base rent for Cell 3 , comprising square feet, is per
month. The monthly base rent for Cell 4 , comprising square feet, is per month. The total rent for the entire
lease term of the Leases is 250,00 and is payable as a security deposit. 

Total lease asset 

Liability 

Operating lease liability current portion 
 Current operating lease liability 

Operating lease liability noncurrent portion 
 Long-term operating lease liability 

Total lease liability 

F- 17 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total payments 

Amount representing interest 

Lease obligation, net 

Less current portion 

Lease obligation long term 

and , respectively. 

shares of common stock and in a concurrent private placement,
warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock, at an aggregate purchase price of per Share and associated Warrant,
for total net proceeds of . 

million shares of its outstanding shares of common stock.
The Board authorized the Company to purchase its common stock from time to time on a discretionary basis through open market purchases,
privately negotiated transactions or other means, including trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act,
in accordance with applicable federal securities laws and other applicable legal requirements. The Company expects to fund these repurchases
through existing cash balances. Decisions regarding the amount and the timing of purchases under the program will be influenced by the
Company s cash on hand, cash flows from operations, general market conditions and other factors. The Company is not obligated to
acquire any particular amount of its common stock. This program has no set termination date and may be suspended or discontinued by the
Board at any time. 

F- 18 

shares of blank check preferred stock with such designation, rights and preferences as
may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. 

per annum. Dividends accrue
quarterly. Dividends are to be paid to the holders from funds legally available for payment and as approved for payment by the Board of
Directors of the Company. 

. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock are permitted to convert their shares of Series A Preferred Stock into
shares of common stock at such time as the Term Loan has already been repaid in full and there is no further outstanding obligations regarding
such indebtedness. 

F- 19 

shares of common stock to Alina Dulimof, Director, for services. The shares were valued at , the closing stock price on the date
of grant, for total non-cash stock compensation expense of . 

shares of common stock to Amir Sternhell, Director, for services. The shares were valued at , the closing stock price on the date
of grant, for total non-cash stock compensation expense of . 

shares of common stock to Ehud Ernst, Director, for services. The shares were valued at , the closing stock price on the date of
grant, for total non-cash stock compensation expense of . 

The value of the CI Issued Shares was, for purposes of the Agreement, based on the closing trading price of the
Company on October 1, 2021 (the date on which a third-party fairness opinion was issued), resulting in an aggregate purchase price for
Crowd Ignition of million. The purchase price was used solely to establish the agreed upon purchase price between the parties and
not for accounting purposes. 

of the equity of Crowd Ignition. The acquisition of Crowd Ignition., was determined to be a common control
transaction as each Company has the same two shareholders with a majority ownership. As a result, the assets and liabilities assumed
were recorded on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements at their respective carry-over basis; however, as of
January 3, 2022, Crowd Ignition has no assets, liabilities or other operations. 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock together with of accrued dividends into shares of common
stock. 

to Directors for their service during the year ended December 31, 2022 a provision for this compensation has been accrued
in the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 20 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Depreciation and amortization 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

State taxes 

Meals and entertainment 

Stock based compensation 

Non deductible expenses 

Other adjustments 

Valuation allowance 

In accordance with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue code, the usage of the Company s net
operating loss carryforwards may be limited in the event of a change in ownership. A full Section 382 analysis has not been prepared
and NOLs could be subject to limitation under Section 382. 

F- 21 

reportable segments during 2021: Cryptocurrency Mining and
Fintech Services. The guidance requires that segment disclosures present the measure(s) used by the Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM to decide how to allocate resources and for purposes of assessing such segments performance. The Company s CODM is comprised
of several members of its executive management team who use revenue and expenses of our reporting segments to assess the performance
of the business of our reportable operating segments. 

Fintech services revenue 

Total segment and consolidated revenue 

Operating Expenses 

Cryptocurrency mining 

Fintech services 

Segment profit 

General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Fintech services 

Preferred dividend payable 

Other 

Total liabilities 

Additional paid-in capital 

Others 

Total shareholders deficit 

F- 22 

Preferred dividend payable 

Other 

Total liabilities 

Additional paid-in capital 

Others 

Total shareholders deficit 

Preferred dividend payable 

Other 

Total liabilities 

Additional paid-in capital 

Others 

Total shareholders deficit 

F- 23 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net loss allocable to common shareholders 

Loss per share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net loss allocable to common shareholders 

Loss per share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net loss allocable to common shareholders 

Loss per share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

in connection with a series of purchases and sales of the Company s
stock on the open market. The shareholder disgorged such short-swing profits to the Company on February 28, 2023. 

in exchange
for an early termination of the Leases. March 31, 2023 is the final day DMINT occupied the property and all mining computers have been
moved to the Selmer, Tennessee location. 

F- 24 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

On March 13, 2023,
The OLB Group, Inc. (the Company was informed by Daszkal Bolton LLP Daszkal ), the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm, that it had completed a business combination agreement with CohnReznick LLP. As a
result of this transaction Daszkal will resign as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm following its
filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Daszkal s reports
on the Company financial statements for the past two years did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, and were
not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. 

During the years ended
December 31, 2021, and 2020, and the subsequent interim periods through November 14, 2022, there were (i) no disagreements (as described
in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) between OLB and Daszkal on any matter of accounting principles or
practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which, if not resolved to Daszkal s satisfaction, would
have caused Daszkal to make reference thereto in its reports on the financial statements for such years; and (ii) no reportable
events within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, except that Daszkal advised
the Company of material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

On March 28, 2023, the Company approved the engagement
of MAC Accounting Group, LLP MAC as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm, effective
following the Company s filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Management s Report Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

During the fourth quarter of the year ended December
31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that,
as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the required time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

Our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error or fraud.
A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and
the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of
the Company s internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022, and this assessment identified no material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting. 

53 

In making its assessment of internal control
over financial reporting, management used the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Management has concluded that, at December 31, 2022, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting were effective based on those criteria. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit
the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Inherent limitations on effectiveness of controls 

Internal control over financial reporting has
inherent limitations, which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance, interpretation
of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel factors. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process, which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and
breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper
management override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements
on a timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process and it is possible to design
into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Although, management believes that the financial
statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
for the periods presented, management continues to make improvements to internal controls as deemed necessary for changes within our
operations. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

None. 

54 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

The following table sets forth the names, ages, and titles of our
executive officers and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Ronny Yakov 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Rachel Boulds 
 
 53 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Patrick Smith 
 
 50 
 
 Vice President, Finance 
 
 Ehud Ernst 
 
 63 
 
 Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee 
 
 Amir Sternhell 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Alina Dulimof 
 
 56 
 
 Director 

Ronny Yakov is Chief
Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors, founder and majority shareholder of the Company. Mr. Yakov has over 25 years of
experience of concept-to-print, software and e-commerce marketing experience with Fortune 500 and 1,000 companies and a proven track
record of helping clients adapt their businesses to technological developments. In 1996, Mr. Yakov entered into the electronic mail-order
catalog business with Playboy Enterprises, creating and hosting two e-commerce sites: Critics Choice Video and Collectors 
Choice Music. As founder of the Company, Mr. Yakov has since developed a number of other branded e-commerce sites for clients, selling
a variety of products including sporting goods, chocolates and cosmetics, with which the company now partners to provide ongoing hosting
and maintenance. Other significant accomplishments of Mr. Yakov have included establishing an AT T wholesale e-commerce platform
for 180,000 employees and working with high-profile clients such as Disney, Cisco Systems, Pfizer, Motorola, and Microsoft, among many
others. Mr. Yakov also developed and maintains a complex extranet/intranet infrastructure that allows Doremus, an Omnicom Communication
subsidiary, to provide its advertising services to 50 of the top financial institutions on a real-time basis. 

Rachel Boulds is Chief
Financial Officer of the Company. Ms. Boulds currently works for the Company on a part-time basis (spending approximately 80 of her
time working for the Company) while also operating her sole accounting practice which she has led since 2009 and which provides all aspects
of consulting and accounting services to clients, including the preparation of full disclosure financial statements for public companies
to comply with GAAP and SEC requirements. Ms. Boulds also currently provides outsourced chief financial officer services for two other
companies. From August 2004 through July 2009, she was employed as a Senior Auditor for HJ Associates, LLC, where she performed
audits and reviews of public and private companies, including the preparation of financial statements to comply with GAAP and SEC requirements.
From 2003 through 2004, Ms. Boulds was employed as a Senior Auditor at Mohler, Nixon and Williams. From September 2001 through July 2003,
Ms. Boulds worked as an ABAS Associate for PriceWaterhouseCoopers. From April 2000 through February 2001, Ms. Boulds was employed as
an e-commerce Accountant for the Walt Disney Group s GO.com. Ms. Boulds earned a B.S. in Accounting from San Jose University in
2001 and is licensed as a CPA in the state of Utah. 

Patrick Smith is Vice
President, Finance of the Company. Mr. Smith has over 20 years of finance, accounting and operational experience in the merchant services
industry. Mr. Smith joined eVance (Formerly Calpian Commerce) in 2014 as Director of Finance. Prior to eVance, Mr. Smith spent 2 years
as Director of Financial Planning and Analysis at Cynergy Data, an ISO with over 75,000 merchants. He worked with Pay by Touch, a biometric
payments start-up company based in San Francisco, and was part of the financial team that raised over 300M in its capital funding. From
1996 to 2004, Mr. Smith worked for Concord EFS, a large merchant acquirer. His titles at Concord included Internal Audit, Financial Analyst
and Vice President/Controller. While at Concord EFS, he was part of the diligence team that worked on several large acquisitions, including
those of Star and EPS Debit networks. 

55 

Ehud Ernst is one
of our independent directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Since 2015, Mr. Ernst has been the chief
executive officer of HyperTail.es. From 2007 to 2017, Mr. Ernst founded and was the chief executive officer of Feelternet, a creative
digital agency, which served some of the largest brands in the Israeli market. From 2004 to 2007, Mr. Ernst served as division manager
at Data-Pro Proximity/BBDO, a large direct marketing and analytics agency in Israel. From 1985 to 1999, Mr. Ernst founded and was the
chief executive officer of Ernst Meron studios, one of the largest commercial photography production studio in Israel. Mr. Ernst also
co-founded Impressia.com, a marketing technology start-up venture enabling product displays at e-commerce stores. Mr. Ernst graduated
from ICP New York with a degree in Photography and Art. 

Amir Sternhell is
one of our independent directors. Since 2016, Mr. Sternhell has served as chief strategy officer of Sertainty, a data optimization company.
Mr. Sternhell has 24 years of experience in the IT and Corporate Learning industries, including two-decades at .2013, where he was head
of a business intelligence unit representing Microstrategy, and, chief learning officer, representing Harvard Business Publishing. Mr.
Sternhell was the founder of the first Non-Profit Organization that assisted Israel s Incubator System, in which he hand-held over
100 high-tech companies. Mr. Sternhell was the vice chairman of the American-Israel Chamber of Commerce and Industry, overseeing its
initiatives, and a recipient of its Business Leadership Award. Mr. Sternhell served in the Directorate of Military Intelligence for the
Israel Defense Forces, and was awarded the Most Outstanding Soldier of the Corp. in 1981. Mr. Sternhell holds an AB in Political Science
and Psychology from Tel Aviv University, an MIA in International Economics from Columbia University and an MBA from the Grand
Ecole EDHEC 92 specializing in IT and Management where he graduated first in his class. 

Alina Dulimof is
one of our independent directors. She is currently Chief Operating Officer and Head of Investor Relations and Business Development
at Dorset Management LLC, a commodity trading hedge fund she co-founded. Since 2017, she has served as a managing director responsible
for business development with Park Avenue Securities (PAS), a wealth management advisory firm in New York. Prior to PAS, from 2012 to
2017, she was a partner with Nationwide Planning Associates and from 2007-2009, she was a VP, Private Banking at Merrill Lynch in New
York. She has passed the Series 7 (FINRA-General. Securities Representative exam) and Series 66 (NASAA_Uniform Combined State Law exam)
exams. From 1999 to 2007, Ms. Dulimoff was an Investment Manager with BrainHeart, a VC firm in Stockholm, where she was responsible for
investment decisions, while supporting the management teams of its portfolio companies. As an entrepreneur, Ms. Dulimof achieved successful
exits from 2 of her startups, prior to joining BrainHeart. For over 15 years she had managed, advised and invested in a wide range of
companies in Blockchain technology, Fintech, 5G, IoT, Cybersecurity, AI, Robotics, E-commerce, Creator economy, Mobile, OOH advertising
and Biotech, alongside entrepreneurs, venture capital and private equity firms. Prior to her investment management career, she was a
technology executive, starting at Ericsson in Stockholm, directly after her graduation with distinction with a degree in Nuclear Physics
from Bucharest University in 1988. At Ericsson, she held executive positions within diverse business areas, from research to product
development, marketing and strategic partnerships. During her tenure at Ericsson she earned an Executive MBA from Stockholm School of
Economics in 2001. She is a CFA charter holder. 

None of our directors or
officers are related to each other. There are no arrangements or understandings with any of our principal stockholders, customers, suppliers,
or any other person, pursuant to which any of our directors or executive officers were appointed. 

No officer or director has,
during the past five years, been involved in (a) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a
general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time, (b) any conviction
in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses), (c)
any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities
or (d) a finding by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

56 

Director Independence 

Our Board of Directors may
establish the authorized number of directors from time to time by resolution. Our Board of Directors is currently comprised of one member.
We have three (3) independent directors on the Board of Directors. The directors will be elected annually by our stockholders. 

Because our common stock
is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, the listing rules of this stock exchange generally require that a majority of the members of
a listed company s board of directors, and each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating and corporate
governance committees, be independent. Our Board of Directors has determined that Alina Dulimof, Ehud Ernst and Amir Sternhell do not
have any relationships that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director
and such directors are independent as that term is defined under the rules of the stock market. 

Audit committee members must
also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, subject to the transition rule that is applicable
to a newly public company. In order to be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, a member of an audit committee of a listed
company may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the Board of Directors, or any other board committee
accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries;
or be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. 

Role of the Board of Directors in Risk Oversight 

The Board of Directors is
responsible for assessing the risks facing our company and considers risk in every business decision and as part of our business strategy.
The Board of Directors recognizes that it is neither possible nor prudent to eliminate all risk, and that strategic and appropriate risk-taking
is essential for us to compete in our industry and in the global market and to achieve our growth and profitability objectives. Effective
risk oversight, therefore, is an important priority of the Board of Directors. 

While the Board of Directors
oversees our risk management, management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. Our Board of Directors expects management
to consider risk and risk management in each business decision, to proactively develop and monitor risk management strategies and processes
for day-to-day activities and to effectively implement risk management strategies that are adopted by the Board of Directors. The Board
of Directors expects to review and adjust our risk management strategies at regular intervals or as needed. 

Code of Business Conduct 

Our Board of Directors has
adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, the Code of Business Conduct, to ensure that our business is conducted in
a consistently legal and ethical manner. Our policies and procedures cover all major areas of professional conduct, including employee
policies, conflicts of interest, protection of confidential information, and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Code
of Business Conduct is available at our website at http://www.olb.com/code-of-conduct/ . The reference to our website address in
this Annual Report does not include or incorporate by reference the information on our website into this Annual Report. We intend to
disclose future amendments to certain provisions of our code of conduct, or waivers of these provisions, on our website or in public
filings. 

57 

Board Committees 

Our Board of Directors has
an Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Committee. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee consists
of Ehud Ernst, Alina Dulimof, and Amir Sternhell with Mr. Ernst serving as Chairman. The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors
in discharging its responsibilities relating to the financial management of our Company and oversight of our accounting and financial
reporting, our independent registered public accounting firm and their audits, our internal financial controls and the continuous improvement
of our financial policies and practices. In addition, the Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and discussing with management
our policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. The responsibilities of the Audit Committee, as set forth in its charter,
includes: 

appointing, approving the compensation
of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; 

pre-approving audit and permissible
non-audit services, and the terms of such services, to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm; 

reviewing and discussing with
management and the independent registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures; 

coordinating the oversight
and reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting; 

establishing policies and procedures
for the receipt and retention of accounting-related complaints, whistleblowers, and concerns; and 

reviewing and approving any
related party transactions. 

The composition of our Audit
Committee complies with all applicable requirements of the SEC and the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market. We intend to
comply with future requirements to the extent they become applicable to us. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee
consists of Alina Dulimof, Ehud Ernst and Amir Sternhell with Mr. Ernst serving as Chairman. The Compensation Committee assists the Board
of Directors in setting and maintaining the Company s compensation philosophy and in discharging its responsibilities relating
to executive and other human resources hiring, assessment and compensation, and succession planning. The responsibilities of the Compensation
Committee, as set forth in its charter, includes: 

reviewing and approving corporate
goals and objectives relevant to compensation of our chief executive officer; 

evaluating the performance
of our chief executive officer in light of such corporate goals and objectives and determining the compensation of our chief executive
officer; 

determining the compensation
of all our other officers and reviewing periodically the aggregate amount of compensation payable to such officers; 

58 

overseeing and making recommendations
to the Board of Directors with respect to our incentive-based compensation and equity plans; and 

reviewing and making recommendations
to the Board of Directors with respect to director compensation. 

Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee 

The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee consists of Alina Dulimof, Ehud Ernst and Amir Sternhell with Mr. Sternhell serving as Chairman. The responsibilities
of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, as set forth in its charter, includes: 

making recommendations to the
Board of Directors regarding the size and composition of the Board of Directors; 

recommending qualified individuals
as nominees for election as directors; 

reviewing the appropriate skills
and characteristics required of director nominees; 

establishing and administering
a periodic assessment procedure relating to the performance of the Board of Directors as a whole and its individual members; and 

periodically reviewing the
corporate governance guidelines and supervising the management representative charged with implementing the Company s corporate
governance procedures. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of the members of the
Compensation Committee is (or was at any time previously) an officer or employee. None of our executive officers serve or in the past
fiscal year has served as a member of the Board of Directors or Compensation Committee of any other entity that has one or more executive
officers serving as a member of our Board of Directors or expected to serve on the Compensation Committee. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The table below summarizes
all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to each named executive officer for our last two completed fiscal years for all services
rendered to us. 

Summary Compensation Table 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) (4) 
 Option Awards ) (3) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan 
 Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
 Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation )
 (2) 
 Total 
 
 Ronny Yakov, 
 2022 
 750,000 
 300,000 
 0 
 1,217,264 
 0 
 0 
 30,000 
 1,297,264 
 
 CEO, Chairman 
 2021 
 375,000 
 400,000 
 0 
 57,533 
 0 
 0 
 30,000 
 862,533 
 
 Patrick Smith, 
 2022 
 350,000 
 150,000 
 0 
 279,412 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 779,412 
 
 Vice President 
 2021 
 175,000 
 90,000 
 0 
 238,506 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 503,506 
 
 Rachel Boulds, 
 2022 
 36,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 36,000 
 
 CFO 
 2021 
 36,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 36,000 

(2) 
 Car allowance 

(3) 
 Stock based compensation of options granted during the years ended
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 (main part vests subsequently). 

59 

Employment Agreements 

On January 11, 2022, the
Company entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Yakov (the Yakov Agreement and a new employment agreement with
Mr. Smith (the Smith Agreement ). The Yakov Agreement maintains Mr. Yakov s role as the Company s Chief Executive
Officer through December 31, 2027 and extended for one-year terms thereafter. The Smith Agreement maintains Mr. Smith s role as
the Company s Vice President, Finance unless terminated or upon his resignation. 

The Yakov Agreement
increases Mr. Yakov s base salary to 750,000 and he will continue to be eligible for insurance coverages and benefits
available to the Company s employees pursuant to the terms of such plans. Mr. Yakov also received a 490,000 bonus for
acquisitions closed by the Company in 2020 and 2021 and he will be eligible to receive an acquisition bonus equal to two percent
(2 of the gross purchase price paid in connection with a future acquisition. Mr. Yakov shall be eligible to receive an annual
bonus of Three Hundred Thousand Dollars 300,000) based on performance criteria established by the Board. In addition, on an annual
basis, Mr. Yakov shall receive options to purchase up to 200,000 shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of
 0.001 per share (subsequently amended to 0.01 per share). 

The Yakov Agreement also
states that, if Mr. Yakov s employment is terminated without cause or he voluntarily terminates his employment for good reason,
he will continue to receive his base salary for the remainder of the term along with all earned bonuses. In the event the termination
is in connection with Mr. Yakov s death, disability or bankruptcy of the Company, he will receive the pro rata amount of his base
salary through the termination date and all bonuses earned through the termination date. 

The Smith Agreement
increases Mr. Smith s base salary to 350,000 and he will continue to be eligible for insurance coverages and benefits
available to the Company s employees pursuant to the terms of such plans. Mr. Smith shall be eligible to receive an annual
bonus of One Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 150,000) based on performance criteria established by the Committee. In addition, Mr.
Smith shall receive options (the Options to purchase up to 275,000 shares of common stock of the Company at an
exercise price of 0.001 per share (subsequently amended to 0.01 per share). 

The Smith Agreement also
states that, if Mr. Smith s employment is terminated without cause or he voluntarily terminates his employment for good reason,
he will continue to receive his base salary for the remainder of the term along with all earned bonuses. In the event the termination
is in connection with Mr. Smith s death, disability or bankruptcy of the Company, he will receive the pro rata amount of his base
salary through the termination date and all bonuses earned through the termination date. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

As of December 31, 2022,
the following equity awards were outstanding: 

Per the terms of Mr. Smith s
employment agreement, he was granted stock options to purchase up to 265,172 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.003 per
share. The grant vests at the rate of 1/5 beginning on each anniversary of the effective date of grant (April 10, 2018). The stock options
will cease vesting after the termination of Mr. Smith s employment and any unvested options shall be forfeited upon the termination
of employment. 

Per the terms of Mr. Yakov s
employment agreement, effective on January 1, 2018, and on each anniversary thereafter during the term of his employment agreement, the
Company will grant to him options to purchase up to 6,667 shares of common stock with a per share exercise price equal 0.03 per share.
Each stock option shall become exercisable in increments of one-third upon each anniversary of the date on which it is granted. 

On November 13, 2019, the
Company entered into an agreement with Mr. Smith and on November 25, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement Mr. Yakov, whereby the
Company and option holders each agreed that the exercise price pertaining to those options only would not be adjusted for the effects
of the Reverse Stock Split. 

60 

2020 Equity Incentive Plan 

The Board of Directors have
adopted a 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan for the Company and the holders of majority of our outstanding shares of
common stock have approved such plan. On December 22, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved an amendment and restate of the
Plan to increase the number of our shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the 2020 Plan from 240,000 to 2,000,000 shares.
Grants of 715,000 options to purchase shares of common stock have been issued under the Plan as of December 31, 2022. In general, awards
under the Plan shall vest ratably over a period of three years (on the first, second and third anniversaries of the agreement) subject
to accelerated vesting upon a change of control of our company (although awards may be granted with different vesting terms). Further,
pursuant to the Yakov Agreement, on an annual basis until December 31, 2027, Mr. Yakov shall receive up to 200,000 options under the
Plan. 

The purpose of our 2020 Equity
Incentive Plan is to attract and retain directors, officers, consultants, advisors and employees whose services are considered valuable,
to encourage a sense of proprietorship and to stimulate an active interest of such persons in our development and financial achievements.
The 2020 Equity Incentive Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors or by the full Board, which may
determine, among other things, the (a) terms and conditions of any option or stock purchase right granted, including the exercise price
and the vesting schedule, (b) persons who are to receive options and stock purchase rights and (c) the number of shares to be subject
to each option and stock purchase right. The Plan provides for the grant of (i) incentive options (qualified under section
422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) to employees of our company and (ii) non-qualified options to directors and consultants
of our company. 

In connection with the administration of our 2020
Equity Incentive Plan, our Compensation Committee: 

determines which employees
and other persons will be granted awards under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan; 

grants the awards to those
selected to participate; 

determines the exercise price
for options; and 

prescribes any limitations,
restrictions and conditions upon any awards, including the vesting conditions of awards. 

Any grant of awards to any
of directors under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan must be approved by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors. In addition,
our Compensation Committee will: (i) interpret our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan; and (ii) make all other determinations and take all other
action that may be necessary or advisable to implement and administer our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 

The 2020 Equity Incentive
Plan provides that in the event of a change of control, the Compensation Committee or our Board of Directors shall have the discretion
to determine whether and to what extent to accelerate the vesting, exercise or payment of an award. 

In addition, our Board of
Directors may amend our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan at any time. However, without stockholder approval, our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan
may not be amended in a manner that would: 

increase the number of shares
that may be issued under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan; 

materially modify the requirements
for eligibility for participation in our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan; 

materially increase the benefits
to participants provided by our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan; or 

otherwise disqualify our 2020
Equity Incentive Plan for coverage under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

Awards previously granted
under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan may not be impaired or affected by any amendment of our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, without the
consent of the affected grantees. 

61 

Director Compensation 

Our directors are entitled to the
following fixed compensation for their services as directors during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fees Earned or Paid 
 in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) (4) 
 Option Awards ) (3) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan 
 Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
 Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation )
 (2) 
 Total 
 
 Alina Dulimof 
 0 
 50,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 50,000 
 
 Ehud Erst 
 0 
 65,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 65,000 
 
 Amir Sternhell 
 0 
 50,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 50,000 

Directors were reimbursed
for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their duties. On an annual basis, each independent director will
earn compensation in the form of shares of our Common Stock with a fair market value equal to 50,000 as of the date of issuance and
they will be reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their duties. The Chairman of the Audit
Committee shall receive additional shares of Common Stock with a fair market value equal to 15,000 as of the date of issuance. All shares
of Common Stock shall be issued no later than January 31 of each year. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth, as of March 28, 2023, information
regarding the beneficial ownership of each class of our voting securities by: (i) our officers and directors; (ii) all of our officers
and directors as a group; and (iii) each person known by us to beneficially own 5 or more of any class of our outstanding voting securities.
Generally, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares the power to dispose or
to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which the person has
the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. 

The address of each holder
listed below, except as otherwise indicated, is c/o The OLB Group, Inc., 1120 Avenue of the Americas, 4 th Floor, New York,
NY. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares of Common Stock Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Percent
 of Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Shares
 of Series A Preferred Stock Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Percent of Series A Preferred 
 Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Number of Voting Shares Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Percent
 of Voting Shares Beneficially Owned (3) 
 
 5 Beneficial Owners 

John Herzog (4) 
 2,030,334 
 13.2 

2,030,334 
 13.1 
 
 Armistice Capital (7) 
 1,137,601 
 7.4 

1,137,601 
 7.4 

Directors and Officers 

Ronny Yakov 
 4,782,132 (5) 
 31.2 
 113,444 
 100 
 4,945,576 (5) 
 31.7 
 
 Rachel Boulds 
 833 

833 

Patrick Smith (6) 
 563,141 
 3.67 

563,141 
 3.6 
 
 Alina Dulimof 
 52,131 

52,132 

Ehud Ernst 
 76,186 

76,186 
 1.4 
 
 Amir Sternhell 
 60,445 

60,455 
 1.1 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (6 persons) 
 5,534,879 
 36.1 
 113,444 
 -100 
 5,924,527 
 38.12 

Less than 1 . 

Under SEC rules, beneficial ownership includes shares over which the
 individual or entity has voting or investment power and any shares which the individual or entity has the right to acquire within
 sixty days. 

62 

(1) 
 Percentage ownership of common stock is based on 15,344,077shares of
 our common stock plus 113,444 shares of common stock underlying Series A Preferred Stock outstanding on the Record Date for which
 holders will exercise voting power on an as-converted basis. 

(2) 
 The number of shares and percentage ownership of Series A Preferred
 Stock is presented on an as-converted basis and is based on 1,021 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding (which such shares
 of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible into 113,444 shares of common stock accordance with the Certificate of Designations (as
 hereinafter defined)). The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock have the right to vote their shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 with the holders of common stock on an as-converted basis. 

(3) 
 Percentage of voting stock is based on 15,344,077shares of our common
 stock and 1,021 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (convertible into 113,444 shares of common stock) outstanding on March 28, 2023. 

(4) 
 Includes 907,516 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Herzog and
 28,524 shares of common stock held by John E Herzog TTEE John E Herzog REV Trust U/A/D 02/07/2014. John Herzog is the Chairman of
 Herzog Co. and the trustee of the trust. Includes shares of common stock underlying 802,875 Series A Warrants to purchase one
 share of common stock each at a purchase price of 9.00 per share and 200,719 Series B Warrants to purchase one share of common
 stock each at a purchase price of 4.50 per share, which warrants are exercisable within 60 days of this Annual Report. As reported
 on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023. 

(5) 
 Includes (i) 176,668 vested options, (ii) 113,444 shares of common
 stock underlying Series A Preferred Stock, and (iii) shares of common stock underlying 227,003 Series A Warrants to purchase one
 share of common stock each at a purchase price of 9.00 per share and 56,751 Series B Warrants to purchase one share of common stock
 each at a purchase price of 4.50 per share, which warrants are exercisable within 60 days of this Annual Report. 

(6) 
 Consists of 312,318 vested options. 

(7) 
 As reported on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 15, 2022. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

We are a party to certain
related party transactions, as described below. 

OmniSoft and CrowdPay 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Term Loan, on May 9, 2018, we entered into separate share exchange agreements with the stockholders of OmniSoft (the OmniSoft
Share Exchange Agreement and CrowdPay (the CrowdPay Share Exchange Agreement and together with the OmniSoft Share
Exchange Agreement, the Share Exchange Agreements ). Pursuant to the terms of the OmniSoft Share Exchange Agreement, the
stockholders of OmniSoft (Ronny Yakov, our Chief Executive Officer and director, and Mr. Herzog, an affiliate of the Company) transferred
to us all of the issued and outstanding shares of OmniSoft common stock in exchange for an aggregate of 1,833,333 shares of our common
stock. Pursuant to the terms of the CrowdPay Share Exchange Agreement, the stockholders of CrowdPay (Mr. Yakov and Mr. Herzog) transferred
to us all of the issued and outstanding shares of CrowdPay common stock in exchange for an aggregate of 2,916,667 shares of the Company s
common stock. The transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreements closed on May 9, 2018. Mr. Yakov, our sole director, determined
the appropriate valuation of each of our common stock and the common stock of OmniSoft and CrowdPay in reliance upon, among other matters,
a third-party independent valuation report prepared by Corporate Valuation Advisors, Inc. 

Ronny Yakov 

On August 10, 2018, Ronny
Yakov, the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and majority stockholder, loaned the Company 25,000, in order to pay for audit services.
The loan is unsecured, bears interest at 12 and is due on demand. Mr. Yakov loaned the Company an additional 361,467 to the Company
during the year ended December 31, 2019. The loans are unsecured, bear interest at 12 and are due on demand. 

63 

The accrued compensation
due to Mr. Yakov and the advances to be repaid to Mr. Yakov do not bear any interest or have any term. 

On May 13, 2020, Mr. Yakov
agreed to convert 1,011,016 in principal amount of indebtedness and accrued interest, which includes deferred salary and unreimbursed
expenses (plus any additional accrued interest and other fees thereon that accrued), into shares of convertible Series A Preferred Stock
to be designated concurrently with the public offering. On July 24, 2020, the terms of such conversion were amended such that Mr. Yakov
agreed to convert an aggregate of 1,017,573 of deferred salary, indebtedness and accrued interest into Series A Preferred Stock and
conversion warrants, which Series A Preferred Stock and conversion warrants would be issued concurrently with the closing of the offering. 

On July 24, 2020, the
terms of the agreement whereby Mr. Herzog agreed to convert, concurrently with the public offering of the Company s securities,
 3,522,191 in principal amount of indebtedness (plus any additional accrued interest and other fees thereon that accrues prior to the
offering) into shares of convertible Series A Preferred were amended such that Mr. Herzog agreed to convert such an aggregate of
 3,582,355 of indebtedness and accrued interest into Series A Preferred Stock and Conversion Warrants, which Series A Preferred
Stock and Conversion Warrants would be issued concurrently with the closing of the public offering. On August 11, 2020, Mr. Herzog converted
 3,612,940 of indebtedness into 3,612 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the terms of which are described below) and 802,875 Series
A Conversion Warrants with an exercise price of 9.00 and 200,719 Series B Conversion Warrants with an exercise price of 4.50. 

On July 24, 2020, the
terms of the agreement whereby Mr. Yakov agreed to convert, concurrently with the public offering of the Company s securities,
 1,017,753 in principal amount of indebtedness and accrued interest, which includes deferred salary and unreimbursed expenses (plus any
additional accrued interest and other fees thereon that accrues prior to the offering), into shares of convertible Series A Preferred
Stock to be designated concurrently with the offering such conversion were amended such that Mr. Yakov agreed to convert an aggregate
of 1,017,573 of accrued salary, indebtedness and accrued interest into Series A Preferred Stock and conversion warrants, which Series
A Preferred Stock and conversion warrants would be issued concurrently with the closing of the offering. On August 11, 2020, Mr.
Yakov converted 1,021,512 of indebtedness into 1,021 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the terms of which are described in Note 10
below) and 227,003 Series A Conversion Warrants with an exercise price of 9.00 and 56,751 Series B Conversion Warrants with an exercise
price of 4.50. 

On January 3, 2022, the Company
entered into a share exchange agreement with Mr. Yakov and Mr. Herzog who represented all of the shareholders of Crowd Ignition, Inc. Crowd Ignition whereby the Company purchased 100 of the equity of Crowd Ignition in exchange for 1,318,408 shares of
the common stock, par value 0.0001 of the Company (the CI Issued Shares ). The value of the CI Issued Shares was, for purposes
of the transaction, based on the closing trading price of the Company on October 1, 2021 (the date on which a third-party fairness opinion
was issued), resulting in an aggregate purchase price for Crowd Ignition of 5.3 million. 

Statement of Policy 

All future transactions between
us and our officers, directors or five percent stockholders, and respective affiliates will be on terms no less favorable than could
be obtained from unaffiliated third parties and will be approved by a majority of our independent directors who do not have an interest
in the transactions and who had access, at our expense, to our legal counsel or independent legal counsel. 

To the best of our knowledge,
during the past three fiscal years, other than as set forth above, there were no material transactions, or series of similar transactions,
or any currently proposed transactions, or series of similar transactions, to which we were or are to be a party, in which the amount
involved exceeds 120,000, and in which any director or executive officer, or any security holder who is known by us to own of record
or beneficially more than 5 of any class of our common stock, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons,
has an interest (other than compensation to our officers and directors in the ordinary course of business). 

64 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Below is the aggregate amount
of fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accountants with respect to our last two fiscal years. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees Services provided by Daszkal Bolton LLP 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 
 Audit fees Services provided by Marcum LLP 
 - 
 26,265 
 
 Audit related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 100,000 
 126,265 

All of the professional services
rendered by principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for last two fiscal years were approved by our board of directors. 

Audit Fees 

Consist of fees billed for
professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of interim consolidated financial statements included
in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by the principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements. 

Audit Related Fees 

Consist of fees billed for
assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements
and are not reported under Audit Fees . 

Tax Fees 

Consist of fees billed for
professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include preparation of federal and state income
tax returns for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

All Other Fees 

Consist of fees for product
and services other than the services reported above. 

Policy for Approval of Audit and Permitted
Non-Audit Services 

The Audit Committee charter
provides that the Audit Committee will pre-approve audit services and non-audit services to be provided by our independent auditors before
the accountant is engaged to render these services. The Audit Committee may consult with management in the decision-making process, but
may not delegate this authority to management. The Audit Committee may delegate its authority to pre-approve services to one or more
committee members, provided that the designees present the pre-approvals to the full committee at the next committee meeting. 

65 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Memorandum of Sale, dated as of April 9, 2018, by and among eVance, Inc., eVance Capital, Inc., Securus365, Inc. and GACP (1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended ) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (13) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock (13) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant, dated April 9, 2018, issued by the Company to GACP (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Representative s Warrant (13) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Series A Warrant Agency Agreement (including the terms of the Series A Warrant) (13) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Series B Warrant Agency Agreement (including the terms of the Series B Warrant) (13) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities ) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2018, by and among GACP, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the Company, as parent guarantor, and the Borrowers (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2018, by and among GACP Finance Co., LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, the lenders party thereto, Securus365, Inc., eVance, Inc., eVance Capital, Inc., OMNISOFT, Inc., and CrowdPay.us, Inc., as borrowers, and the Company, as parent guarantor (3) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2019, by and among GACP Finance Co., LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, the lenders party thereto, Securus365, Inc., eVance, Inc., eVance Capital, Inc., OMNISOFT, Inc., and CrowdPay.us, Inc., as borrowers, and the Company, as parent guarantor (4) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Agreement Regarding Additional Warrants, dated April 9, 2018, by and between the Company and GACP (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated May 9, 2018, by and between The OLB Group, Inc. and the stockholders of CrowdPay.US, Inc. (2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated May 9, 2018, by and between The OLB Group, Inc. and the stockholders of OmniSoft, Inc. (2) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Subordinated Promissory Note, dated July 30, 2018, by and between the Company and John Herzog (3) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Subordinated Promissory Note, dated as of November 14, 2019, by and between the Company and John Herzog (4) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Subordinated Promissory Note, dated June 25, 2019, by and between the Company and John Herzog (5) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Employment Agreement with Ronny Yakov (5) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Employment Agreement with Patrick Smith (5) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Commitment Letter from John Herzog dated December 10, 2019 (6) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2020, by and among GACP Finance Co., LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, the lenders party thereto, Securus365, Inc., eVance, Inc., eVance Capital, Inc., OMNISOFT, Inc., and CrowdPay.us, Inc., as borrowers, and the Company, as parent guarantor (7) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Debt Conversion Agreement, dated as of May 13, 2020 by and between the Company and. John Herzog (8) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Debt Conversion Agreement, dated as of May 13, 2020 by and between the Company and. Ronny Yakov (8) 
 
 10.16 
 
 First Amended and Restated Debt Conversion Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2020, by and between the Company and Ronny Yakov (11) 
 
 10.17 
 
 First Amended and Restated Debt Conversion Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2020, by and between the Company and John Herzog (11) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (9) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Lease Agreement dated June 24, 2020 between Pergament Lodi, LLC and Evance, Inc. (10) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Underwriting Agreement with Aegis Capital Corp. dated August 6, 2020. (13) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated November 24, 2021 by and between the Company and FFS Data Corporation (14) . 
 
 10.25 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated January 3, 2022 between the Company and all of the shareholders of Crowd Ignition, Inc. (15) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Lease Agreement dated November 10, 2021 between The Bradford Regional Airport Authority and DMINT, Inc. related to Cell 3 (4,000 square feet) (16) . 
 
 10.27 
 
 Lease Agreement dated November 10, 2021 between The Bradford Regional Airport Authority and DMINT, Inc. related to Cell 4 (6,000 square feet) (16) . 
 
 10.28 

Services Agreement between Executive Workspace LLC d/b/a Elevated NY and The OLB Group, Inc. (17) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Contract for Sale of Realty between Madison Haywood Developmental Services, Inc. and DMINT Real Estate Holdings, Inc. (17) 
 
 10.30 
 
 SURRENDER AND RELEASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of March 29, 2023 (the Effective Date is made by and between THE BRADFORD REGIONAL AIRPORT AUTHORITY and DMINT, Inc. ) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Letter of Resignation dated March 13, 2023 from Daszkal Bolton LLP ). 

66 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant
 to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant
 to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and
 Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 ) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed April
 13, 2018. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed May 15, 2018. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed August 3, 2018. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed March 12, 2019. 

(5) 
 Previously filed with Form S-1 on June 26, 2019. 

(6) 
 Previously filed with Form S-1 on January 17, 2019. 

(7) 
 Previously filed with Form 10-K on April 29, 2020. 

(8) 
 Previously filed with Form S-1 on May 20, 2020. 

(9) 
 Previously filed with Form S-1 on June 8, 2020. 

(10) 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed July 2, 2020. 

(11) 
 Previously filed with Form S-1 on July 27, 2020. 

(12) 
 Previously filed with Form S-1 on July 31, 2020. 

(13) 
 Previously file with Form 8-K filed August 12, 2020. 

(14) 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed November 30, 2021. 

(15) 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed January 5, 2022. 

(16) 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed January 11, 2022. 

(17) 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed August 16, 2022. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

67 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

The OLB Group, Inc. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 BY: 
 /s/ Ronny Yakov 

Ronny Yakov 

Chief Executive Officer 

BY: 
 /s/ Rachel Boulds 

Rachel Boulds 

Chief Financial Officer 

In accordance with the Exchange
Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Ronny Yakov 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Ronny Yakov 

/s/Ehud Ernst 
 
 Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Ehud Ernst 

/s/ Amir Sternhell 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Amir Sternhell 

/s/ Alina Dulimof 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Alina Dulimof 

68 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-1_theolbgroup.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION, AS AMENDED

Exhibit
3.1 

STATE
OF DELAWARE 

 CERTIFICATE
OF AMENDMENT 

 TO
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

The
OLB Group, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware does
hereby certify: 

First :
 That the name of this corporation (the Corporation is The OLB Group, Inc. 

Second: That
the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation was originally filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 18, 2004 (the
 Certificate of Incorporation ). 

Third: The
Board of Directors of the Corporation, by unanimous written consent pursuant to Section 141(f) of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware, duly adopted the following amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation: 

Fourth: That
Article FOURTH, Section 1 of the Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended by deleting the section in its entirety and completely
replacing the following new paragraph: 

The
total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 51,000,000 million shares, consisting
of (1) 1 million shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share Preferred Stock ), and (2) 50 million shares of Common
Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock ). The number of authorized shares of any of the Preferred Stock or Common
Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority in voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2)
of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (or any successor provision thereto), and no vole of the holders of any of the
Preferred Stock or Common Stock voting separately as a class shall be required therefor. 

Fifth :
This Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation shall
become effective upon filing. 

Sixth :
 That, by written consent executed in accordance with Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the holders
of a majority of the outstanding stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, and the holders of a majority of the outstanding
stock of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class, was given written notice of the proposed amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation
and voted in favor of the adoption of the amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation. The necessary numbers of shares, as required
by statute, were voted in favor of the amendment. 

Seventh :
 That said amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation were duly adopted in accordance with Section 242 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of the 23rd day of December, 2022. 

THE OLB GROUP, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Ronny
 Yakov 

Ronny Yakov 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 f10k2022ex4-5_theolbgroup.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

Description of the Registrant s Securities 

 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the 

 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 

Our Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, is the only class of
securities of The OLB Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol OLB. 

The following description of the Company s common stock is a
summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, reference to the Company s Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter and Amended and Restated By-Laws (the Bylaws ), each
of which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a part, and the Delaware
General Corporation Law (the DCL ). We encourage you to read the Articles, the Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the
DCL for additional information. 

Authorized Shares of Capital Stock 

We are authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share. The outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 

The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Transfer Online,
Inc. 

We are also authorized to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value .0001 per share. Our Articles provide that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time, in one or more
series, with such designations, relative rights, preferences, limitations, dividend rights, redemption prices, liquidation prices, conversion
rights, sinking or purchase fund rights or other privileges as our board of directors may establish. There are no issued and outstanding
shares of preferred stock. 

Voting Rights 

Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share
held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and do not have cumulative voting rights. An election of directors by our stockholders
is determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders entitled to vote on the election. Subject to the supermajority votes
for some matters, other matters are decided by the affirmative vote of our stockholders having a majority in voting power of the votes
cast by the stockholders present or represented and voting on such matter. Our amended and restated bylaws also provide that our directors
may be removed only for cause by the affirmative vote of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3 of the votes that all our
stockholders would be entitled to cast in any annual election of directors. In addition, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least
sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3 of the votes that all of our stockholders would be entitled to cast in any annual election
of directors is required to amend or repeal or to adopt any provisions inconsistent with any of the provisions of our amended and restated
bylaws ; provided, however, that no such change to any bylaw may alter, modify, waive, abrogate or diminish the our obligation
to provide the indemnity called for by Article 10 thereunder. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive proportionately any dividends
as may be declared by our board of directors, subject to any preferential dividend rights of outstanding preferred stock. 

Dividend Rights 

The holders of common stock may receive cash dividends if declared
by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to the rights of any holders of preferred shares and
any other restrictions that may be applicable to the Company. 

Rights upon Liquidation 

In the event of our liquidation
or dissolution, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive proportionately all assets available for distribution to stockholders
after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any outstanding preferred stock. Holders of common
stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock
are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate
and issue in the future. 

Other Rights and Preferences 

Holders of common stock have no preemptive or similar equity preservation
rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights, powers, preferences and privileges
of holders of our common stock will be subject to those of the holders of any shares of our preferred stock that we may authorize and
issue in the future. For example, issuance of preferred stock could result in a class of securities outstanding that will have preferences
with respect to dividends and in liquidation over the common stock and could (upon conversion or otherwise) enjoy all of the rights appurtenant
to common stock. 

Delaware Law and Certain Charter and By-Law Provisions 

Delaware Anti-Takeover
Law. We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Section 203 generally prohibits
a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a
period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless: 

prior to the date of the transaction, the board of directors of the Company approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the Company outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding specified shares; or 

at or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 /3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Section 203 defines a business
combination to include: 

any merger or consolidation involving the Company and the interested stockholder; 

any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the Company to or with the interested stockholder; 

2 

subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the Company of any stock of the Company to the interested stockholder; 

subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the Company that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the Company beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or 

the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the Company. 

In general, Section 203 defines
an interested stockholder as any person that is: 

the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Company; 

an affiliate or associate of the Company who was the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Company at any time within three years immediately prior to the relevant date; or 

the affiliates and associates of the above. 

Under specific circumstances,
Section 203 makes it more difficult for an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation
for a three-year period, although the stockholders may, by adopting an amendment to the Charter or Bylaws, elect not to be governed by
this section, effective 12 months after adoption. 

Our Charter and Bylaws do
not exclude us from the restrictions of Section 203. We anticipate that the provisions of Section 203 might encourage companies interested
in acquiring us to negotiate in advance with our board of directors since the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if a majority
of the directors then in office approve either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an
interested stockholder. 

Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws. Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of discouraging
potential acquisition proposals or tender offers or delaying or preventing a change of control of our company. These provisions are as
follows: 

authorizing the issuance of blank check preferred stock without any need for action by stockholders; 

limiting the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 

permitting stockholder action by written consent; 

establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings; 

requiring a super-majority vote of our stockholders to remove directors of our company; and 

providing that our stockholders may only remove our directors for cause (as defined in our bylaws). 

These provisions affect your
rights as a stockholder since they permit our Board of Directors to make it more difficult for common stockholders to replace members
of the Board or undertake other significant corporate actions. Because our Board of Directors is responsible for appointing the members
of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt to replace our current management team. 

3 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.30>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-30_theolbgroup.htm
 SURRENDER AND RELEASE AGREEMENT (THIS "AGREEMENT") DATED AS OF MARCH 29, 2023 (THE"EFFECTIVE DATE") IS MADE BY AND BETWEEN THE BRADFORD REGIONAL AIRPORT AUTHORITY AND DMINT, INC

Exhibit 10.30 

SURRENDER AND
RELEASE AGREEMENT 

THIS SURRENDER AND RELEASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated
as of March 29, 2023 (the Effective Date is made by and between THE BRADFORD REGIONAL AIRPORT AUTHORITY, having an office
at 212 Airport Drive, Lewis Run, PA (hereinafter referred to as Owner and DMINT, INC., having its principal office at 1120
Avenue of the Americas, 4 th Floor, New York, NY (hereinafter referred to as Tenant ). 

WITNESSETH 

WHEREAS, Owner is the owner of the building and
real property commonly known as and located in Bradford, Pennsylvania relating to a combined 10,000 square feet of property located at
the Bradford Regional Airport Authority multi-tenant building in Lafayette Township; 

WHEREAS, Owner and Tenant entered into that certain
Lease Agreement dated November 10, 2021 between the Owner and Tenant related to Cell 3 (the Cell 3 Lease ), for
consisting of approximately 4,000 rentable square feet Cell 3 and that certain Lease Agreement dated November 10, 2021
between the Owner and Tenant related to Cell 4 (the Cell 4 Lease ), for consisting of approximately 6,000 rentable
square feet Cell 4 and, collectively with Cell 3, the Demised Premises for a term which expires on November
10, 2026. 

WHEREAS, Tenant no longer needs the Demised Premises
in order to operate its business and desires to surrender all of its right, title and interest in the Demised Premises and Lease; 

WHEREAS, Tenant has agreed to surrender all of
its right title and interest in and to the Demised Premises and has agreed to vacate the Demised Premises and has agreed to tender possession
thereof to Owner as of the Surrender Date (as hereinafter defined) and Owner has agreed to release Tenant from all of its covenants and
obligations under each of the Cell 3 Lease and the Cell 4 Lease with respect to the Demised Premises as of the Surrender Date, subject
however to the strict compliance by Tenant of the terms hereinafter specifically set forth and provided that Tenant pays Owner an early
termination fee in the sum of Fifty Thousand 50,000.00) Dollars (the Termination Fee 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
agreements of the parties hereinafter contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 - SURRENDER AND RELEASE
OF THE DEMISED PREMISES 

SECTION 1.01. Commencing on the Surrender Date,
Tenant hereby surrenders all of its right title and interest in and to the Demised Premises and agrees that the Owner shall have the right
of possession of the Demised Premises, from and after the Surrender Date. Provided that Tenant has paid Owner the Termination Fee in accordance
with the provisions hereof and except for those matters with respect to the Demised Premises which pursuant to the Lease expressly survive
its expiration or sooner tem1ination, Owner hereby releases and discharges Tenant from all of its obligations whatsoever with respect
to the Demised Premises from and after the Surrender Date. 

SECTION 1.02. Upon execution of this Agreement,
Tenant shall pay all outstanding rent up to the Surrender Date. Additionally, the Tenant shall pay the Termination Fee upon execution
of this Agreement as follows: (i) Tenant shall deliver to Owner, upon execution of this Agreement, the sum of 10,000.00, and (ii) the
balance of 40,000.00 (the Balance shall be paid in four (4) equal monthly installments of 10,000.00 payable to the Owner
and the first (1 st day of each month thereafter until paid in full. The Balance shall be secured by a promissory note containing
a confession of judgment and a guaranty of Tenant s parent, The OLB Group, Inc. 

SECTION 1.03. As used herein the term Surrender
Date shall mean the sooner of: (i) the date on which Tenant vacates and surrenders possession of the Demised Premises in accordance
with and pursuant to the provisions of the Lease to Owner; or (ii) April 1, 2023 TIME BEING OF THE ESSENCE. In the event that Tenant fails
to vacate and surrender the Demised Premises on or before Surrender Date, time being of the essence with respect to said date, Tenant
shall be deemed in default of this Agreement and the Lease and Owner shall be entitled to all of its rights and remedies as specifically
provided for in the Lease in the event of default. 

ARTICLE 2 - REPRESENTATIONS 

SECTION 2.01. Tenant, for itself and its legal
representatives, successors and assigns, covenants and represents to Owner as follows: 

(a) Tenant
has full right, authority and power to surrender all of its right, title and interest to and to the Lease and Demised Premises; and 

(b) Except
as otherwise specifically provided for herein, the Lease is in full force and effect, and has not been modified, supplemented, canceled
or amended in any respect, and Tenant has not assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered all or any part of its right, title
and interest in and to the Lease and the Demised Premises, and the Lease and Demised Premises are now and will, on the Surrender Date
be free and clear of any liens and encumbrances made by Tenant; and 

(c) Tenant represents that it is not on the date
hereof, and will not on the Surrender Date, be in default under any of the terms of the Lease, having performed all of the obligations
imposed upon it hereunder; and 

(d) Tenant
has no knowledge of any default in the performance and observance of any obligations contained in the Lease, to be kept, observed and
performed by Tenant, or any condition, which the giving of notice or passage of time, or both, would constitute a default under the Lease;
and 

(e) Tenant
acknowledges that it is responsible for any commissions due to any broker in regard to the New Lease, and shall enter a separate written
agreement with said broker(s); and 

(f) Tenant
agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the Owner harmless from and against all claims for commission, fee or other compensation by any person,
corporation or other who shall claim to have dealt with the Tenant and/or New Tenant in connection with the New Tenant Lease and this
agreement, and for any and all reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with such claims, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees and disbursements. The provisions of this section shall survive the cancellation of the Lease. 

ARTICLE 3 -
 BINDING EFFECT 

SECTION 3.01. This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the successors, assigns and heirs of each party. 

ARTICLE 4 - ATTORNEYS'
FEES 

SECTION 4.01. Should any party to this Agreement
bring suit to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party in any such action shall be entitled to its reasonable attorneys'
fees, including costs of litigation. 

ARTICLE 5 -
 MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 5.01. This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of State of Pennsylvania without giving effect to any conflict of law principles. The parties
each hereby agree to hereby irrevocably (I) submit to the jurisdiction of the Court of Common Pleas of McKean County, Pennsylvania in
respect of any suit, action, proceeding or counterclaim and irrevocably agree. that all claims and defenses in respect of any such suit,
action or proceeding may be heard in any such court, and (ii) waives, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so under applicable
law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such
court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Surrender and Release
Agreement has been executed by the duly authorized representatives of Owner and Tenant as of the date first above written. 

Tenant: 
 Owner: 

DMINT, INC. 
 BRADFORD REGIONAL AIRPORT AUTHORITY 

By: 
 /s/ Ronny Yakov 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Alicia Dankesreiter 
 
 Name: 
 Ronny Yakov 
 
 Name: 
 Alicia Dankesreiter 
 
 Title: 
 CEO 
 
 Title: 
 Director 

3 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.31>
 5
 f10k2022ex10-31_theolbgroup.htm
 LETTER OF RESIGNATION DATED MARCH 13, 2023 FROM DASZKAL BOLTON LLP

Exhibit 10.31 

March 13, 2023 

Ehud Ernst, Audit Committee Chair 

 Ronny Yakov, Chief
Executive Officer 

 The OLB Group, Inc. 

 200 Park Avenue, Suite 1700 

 New York, NY 10166 

Daszkal Bolton, LLP completed a business
combination agreement with CohnReznick LLP. As a result of this transaction, we wish to advise you that we will resign as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm following its filing of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have reached this decision after substantial deliberation. 

We will cooperate with your new accountants,
To facilitate that process, please send us a letter authorizing us to make disclosures to your new accountants. Without such a letter,
we are ethically prohibited from communicating with others regarding your company s affairs. 

We look forward to helping you make a
smooth transition with your new accountants. 

DASZKAL BOLTON LLP 

For the Firm 

Scott A. Walters, CPA 

Partner 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-1_theolbgroup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ronny Yakov, Chief Executive of The OLB Group,
Inc. (the registrant certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the registrant; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 30 , 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Ronny Yakov 

Ronny Yakov 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-2_theolbgroup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Rachel Boulds, Chief Financial Officer of The
OLB Group, Inc. (the registrant certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the registrant; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Rachel Boulds 

Rachel Boulds 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Executive) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-1_theolbgroup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of The OLB
Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ronny Yakov, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Sec.1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Ronny
 Yakov 

Ronny Yakov Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive) 

In connection with the Annual Report of The OLB
Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Rachel Boulds, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Sec.1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Rachel
 Boulds 

Rachel Boulds 
Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Executive) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to The OLB Group, Inc. and will be retained
by The OLB Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 olbg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 olbg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 olbg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 olbg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 olbg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

