<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1574094_0001493152-23-010332.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12232894</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>482327</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>7023999</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2082411</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1152223</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1309146</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010332.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331163130
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010332
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RenovoRx, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001574094
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				271448452
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40738
		FILM NUMBER:		23788341

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 W. SANTA CLARA STREET, SUITE 900
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-800-2649

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 W. SANTA CLARA STREET, SUITE 900
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010332.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual
 report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the
 fiscal year ended , 

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934 
 
 For the transition period from
 to 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of
those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

T he
aggregate market value of registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based upon the closing price of the registrant s common
stock on such date as reported by Nasdaq Capital Market, was approximately: 
 million. Shares
of voting stock held by each officer and director have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This assumption
regarding affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As
of March 24, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value
per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Part III incorporates certain information by reference from the registrant s proxy statement for the 2023 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders. Such proxy statement will be filed no later than 120 days after the close of the registrant s fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022. 

RENOVORX,
INC. FORM 10-K 

TABLE
 OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 2 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 34 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 58 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 58 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 58 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 58 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 59 

ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 60 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 60 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 68 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 68 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 68 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 68 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 69 

ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 69 

PART
 III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 70 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 70 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 70 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 70 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 70 

PART
 IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 71 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 71 

SIGNATURES 
 73 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 73 

Solely
for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Form 10-K may appear without the or symbols. 

i 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Form 10-K, and the information incorporated herein by reference, particularly in the sections captioned
 Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
and Business, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, that are based on our
management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Forward-looking statements are inherently
subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. All statements other than present and historical
facts and conditions contained in this Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position,
business strategy, plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, objective, 
 ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, should, 
 will, or would, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Actual events or results
may differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, and these differences may be material and adverse. Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

the
 sufficiency of our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investments to fund our future operating
 expenses and capital expenditure requirements; 

our
 estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, anticipated capital requirements to fund our
 future operating expenses, and our need for additional financing; 

our
 financial performance; 

our
 anticipated use of our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investments; 

the
 ability of our clinical trials to demonstrate safety and efficacy of our product candidates,
 and other positive results; 

the
 progress and focus of our current and future clinical trials, and the timing of reporting
 of data from those trials; 

our
 continued reliance on third parties to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates,
 and for the manufacture of our product candidates; 

the
 beneficial characteristics, safety, efficacy, and therapeutic effects of our product candidates; 

our
 ability to advance product candidates into and successfully complete clinical trials; 

our
 ability to further develop and expand our therapy platform, both to use different chemotherapeutic
 agents and to include new indications; 

expectations
 relating to the timing of the provision of updates on, data readouts for, and completion
 of our clinical trials; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates and the timing
 or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals, including our expectation to seek special
 designations, such as orphan drug designation, for our product candidates for various diseases; 

existing
 regulations and regulatory developments in the United States and other jurisdictions; 

our
 plans relating to commercializing our product candidates, if approved, including the geographic
 areas of focus and our potential and ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates
 and generate revenue; 

the
 implementation of our strategic plans for our business and product candidates; 

the
 expected potential benefits of strategic collaborations with third parties and our ability
 to attract collaborators with relevant and complementary expertise; 

our
 estimates of the number of patients in the United States who suffer from the diseases we
 target, and enrollment timing and projections for our clinical trials; 

our
 estimates of potential market opportunities and our ability to successfully realize these
 opportunities; 

the
 success of competing therapies that are or may become available; 

developments
 relating to our competitors and our industry, including competing product candidates and
 therapies; 

our
 plans relating to the further development and manufacturing of our product candidates, including
 for additional indications which we may pursue; 

our
 plans and ability to obtain or protect intellectual property rights, including extensions
 of existing patent terms where available; 

the
 scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights,
 including our therapy platform and product candidates; 

our
 ability to successfully negotiate and enter into agreements with distribution, strategic
 and corporate partners; 

our
 potential and ability to successfully manufacture and supply our product candidates for clinical
 trials and for commercial use, if approved; 

our
 ability to retain the continued service of our key personnel and to identify, hire, and then
 retain additional qualified personnel; and 

our
 expectations regarding the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events
 on our business. 

We
have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future
events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects, business strategy and
financial needs. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions
and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. These risks are
not exhaustive. Other sections of this Form 10-K include additional factors that could adversely affect our business and financial performance.
Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and
it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained
in this Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be
achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.
In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation
or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame or at all. 

In
addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These
statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a
reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate
that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are
inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 

The
forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which such statements are made. We undertake
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this Form 10-K or to conform such statements to actual results
or revised expectations, except as required by law. Unless the context otherwise indicates, RenovoRx, the Company, 
 we, our, and us refer to RenovoRx, Inc., a Delaware corporation. All information presented
herein is based on our fiscal calendar. Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to
the Company s fiscal years ended in December and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. 

This
Form 10-K contains market data and industry forecasts that were obtained from industry publications. These data and forecasts involve
a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such information. We have not independently
verified any third-party information. While we believe the market position, market opportunity and market size information included in
this Form 10-K is generally reliable, such information is inherently imprecise. 

1 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

RenovoRx
is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a vision to disrupt the current paradigm of cancer treatment. Our mission is to
lead a revolution in oncology therapy by delivering its innovative and targeted intra-arterial (IA) delivery of chemotherapy
directly to solid tumors. The proprietary RenovoRx Trans-Arterial Micro-Perfusion (RenovoTAMP therapy platform aims to avoid
the harsh side effects typical of the current standard of care, or systemic delivery methods, thus improving patient well-being and,
potentially extension of life, so more time may be enjoyed with loved ones. RenovoTAMP utilizes approved chemotherapeutics with
validated mechanisms of action and well-established safety and clinical use, with the goal of improving their safety, tolerance, and
widening their therapeutic window by providing more targeted delivery at the location of the tumor tissue. RenovoRx s lead
product candidate, RenovoGemTM, is a combination of gemcitabine and its patented delivery system, RenovoCath . The FDA has
determined that RenovoGem will be regulated as, and if approved we expect will be reimbursed as, a new oncology drug product. We
have secured FDA Orphan Drug Designation for RenovoGem in two rare diseases: pancreatic cancer and cholangiocarcinoma (bile duct
cancer, or eCCA). We have completed the first of two planned interim analyses of the ongoing open label Phase III TIGeR-PaC clinical
trial. TIGeR-PaC is a randomized multi-center Phase III open label clinical trial designed to investigate the Company s first
product candidate, RenovoGem, which utilizes RenovoRx s proprietary therapy platform, RenovoTAMP, to provide targeted
intra-arterial delivery of FDA-approved chemotherapy, gemcitabine, to treat locally advanced pancreatic cancer LAPC following stereotactic body radiation therapy SBRT ). The study is comparing treatment with RenovoGem versus standard of care treatment. In this interim analysis, the
control and treatment arms demonstrated divergence in median overall survival for patients. The study is designed to randomize 114
patients (57 in each arm) with all patients receiving upfront induction chemotherapy and SBRT. This first of two planned interim
analysis occurred upon the discovery of the 26th event (death) which equates to 30 of the total events required (96) for the final
analysis. The TIGeR-PaC Data Monitoring Committee DMC met and determined the interim data warrants continuation
of this pivotal trial without modification and no safety concerns were observed. The interim analysis shows a 6-month median overall survival
benefit for patients: approximately a 60 improvement versus the study control arm and current standard of care: intravenous (IV) administration
of gemcitabine and nab-paclitaxel for - LAPC. RenovoGem patients also had greater than 65 reduction in adverse events. These can include
nausea, fatigue, and a decline in white blood cells. 

Twenty-three
 patients were randomized to intra-arterial gemcitabine (RenovoGem investigational treatment) arm and 22 to continuation of IV gemcitabine
 and nab-paclitaxel (standard of care control) arm. 

The
 median overall survival in the IV gemcitabine and nab-paclitaxel control arm was 10 months, versus 16 months in the intra-arterial
 RenovoGem arm from time of randomization. (NOTE: Both arms median overall survival calculations do not include 4 to 5-months
 of life from diagnosis to randomization during the induction chemotherapy and radiation phase of the trial). 

Observed a positive trend in median overall survival by 24-weeks (6 months); in this interim analysis, the statistical
significance was not reached to stop the study early (p=0.051). 

Observed that patients had greater than 65 reduction in adverse events compared to the control arm: In the IV gemcitabine
and nab-paclitaxel control arm there were 11 reported Serious Adverse Events (out of 22 patients) vs. 4 reported Serious Adverse Events
(out of 23) intra-arterial RenovoGem patients. 

2 

Figure
1: Phase III TIGeR-PaC planned interim analysis demonstrating 6-month median overall survival benefit of RenovoGem (treatment arm) over
current standard of care systemic IV gemcitabine + nab-paclitaxel (control arm). 

The
second planned interim analysis of this Phase III trial will be performed upon the 52nd event (death) which equates to 60 of the total
events required for the final analysis and is estimated to take place in mid-2024; however, given that it is predicated on the number
of deaths in the study, it is difficult to predict the exact timing. We intend to evaluate RenovoGem in a second indication in a Phase
II/III trial in extrahepatic (or outside the liver) cholangiocarcinoma (or eCCA), cancer that occurs in the bile ducts that lead out
of the liver and join with the gallbladder. We are in the process of incorporating the recently approved and adopted drug, durvalumab,
into the protocol and launching the study mid this year. In addition, we may evaluate RenovoGem in other indications, potentially including
locally advanced lung cancer, locally advanced uterine tumors, and glioblastoma (an aggressive type of cancer that can occur in the brain
or spinal cord). To date, we are focused on developing drug/device candidates with gemcitabine, but we continue to explore the development
of other product candidates with additional therapeutic agents in new clinical indications for intra-arterial delivery via our RenovoTAMP
therapy platform via in-licensing, generic sourcing, and/or strategic partnering. 

Our
RenovoTAMP therapy platform is focused on optimizing drug concentration in solid tumors using approved small molecule chemotherapeutics.
Our platform enables physicians to isolate segments of the vascular anatomy closest to tumors and force chemotherapy across the blood
vessel wall to bathe these difficult-to-reach solid tumors in chemotherapy. Specifically, our patented approach allows physicians to
combine, on the one hand, pre-treatment of the local blood vessels and tissue with standard-of-care radiation therapy to decrease chemotherapy
washout and, on the other hand, local delivery via our patented RenovoCath delivery system which utilizes pressure to force small molecule
chemotherapy into the tumor tissue. We believe there are many advantages to our RenovoTAMP therapy platform, including: 

Application
 of Approved Small Molecule Chemotherapeutic Agents : We use approved small molecule chemotherapeutic agents, such as gemcitabine,
 with well-known safety and efficacy profiles. 

Targeted
 Approach : In a preclinical study using our therapy platform, we demonstrated up to 100 times higher local drug concentration
 compared to systemic chemotherapy. We believe our RenovoTAMP therapy platform allows for a targeted approach that can decrease systemic
 exposure and improve patient outcomes. 

Delivery
 Method Independent of Tumor Vascularity : Our therapy platform is designed to deliver small molecule chemotherapeutic agents to
 solid tumors resistant to systemic chemotherapy due to lack of tumor feeder blood vessels. If approved, our product candidates have
 the potential to treat tumors that are not directly supported by blood vessels. 

Broad
 Application for Solid Tumor Indications : Our therapy platform is not restricted to a single small molecule chemotherapeutic agent
 or solid tumor type. As such, it may be applied for use in additional solid tumor indications, including in solid tumors without
 identifiable tumor feeder blood vessels. 

3 

Research
and Development Pipeline 

Our portfolio of cancer therapies is based on our lead product candidate,
RenovoGem (gemcitabine delivered via our patented delivery system), regulated by the FDA as a novel oncology drug product. RenovoGem utilizes
pressure-mediated delivery of gemcitabine across the arterial wall to bathe tumor tissue in chemotherapy. RenovoGem, via the RenovoTAMP
(RenovoRx Trans-Arterial Micro-Perfusion) therapy platform, is currently being evaluated in a Phase III clinical trial in Locally Advanced
Pancreatic Cancer (LAPC). Our current pipeline is summarized below: 

RenovoGem
Product Pipeline Addresses Multiple Indications 

Figure
2: RenovoGem Clinical Pipeline detailing our potential portfolio of cancer therapies based on our RenovoTAMP therapy platform. 

Gemcitabine
has been considered a standard of care drug for several solid tumors, and the drug s anti-cancer tumor effects are well
profiled. Our RenovoTAMP platform therapy utilizes pressure mediated delivery of gemcitabine across the arterial wall to bathe the
pancreatic tumor tissue in 120 mL of saline with 1,000 mg/m 2 of the drug over a 20-minute delivery period
(delivering 1,500-2,000 mg of drug depending upon patient body surface area). Our delivery system, RenovoCath, is a double balloon
catheter designed with the capability to isolate sections of the blood vessel through the adjustment of the distance between the
balloons, thereby excluding any branching blood vessel offshoots in order to create the pressure head needed to push drug across the
blood vessel wall. 

We
intend to explore applications of our RenovoTAMP platform in additional indications, including bile duct cancer, locally advanced
lung cancer, locally advanced uterine cancer, and glioblastoma. We have completed and presented data on a lung cancer application in
preclinical studies, and additional preclinical experiments in lung cancer may be conducted. 

We
are using gemcitabine in our initial anti-cancer product candidate, RenovoGem. However, multiple small molecule therapeutics are compatible
with our RenovoTAMP platform. We intend to opportunistically develop additional anti-cancer product candidates using small molecule therapeutics
in combination with our therapy platform. 

While
the field of oncology has seen progress in treating a handful of deadly cancers over the last few decades, there is a common objective
in chemotherapy: enhanced dosing of the drug to impact the tumor while minimizing systemic toxicity. The characteristics of the blood
vessels, within and surrounding the tumor, can limit or thwart the achievement of this goal. For example, LAPC and eCCA are more difficult
to treat due to the lack of blood vessels that feed these tumors, making it difficult to expose tumors to chemotherapy, which is typically
delivered intravenously. Trans-arterial chemoembolization (TACE) is an established first line therapy for solid tumors. A key component
of this approach is to identify and isolate vessels feeding the tumor, known as tumor feeder blood vessels. However, in patients with
pancreatic cancer, no tumor feeder blood vessels are visible despite attempts to image them using a variety of modalities. In the absence
of visible tumor feeder blood vessels, our therapy platform has the potential to introduce drugs directly across the arterial wall into
the surrounding tissue via pressurized diffusion. 

4 

RenovoGem
in Locally Advanced Pancreatic Cancer (LAPC) 

In December 2021, we amended the protocol for this
clinical trial to only allow for SBRT during the induction phase of the study (prior to randomization).
We had previously permitted both SBRT and intensity-modulated radiation therapy IMRT ). Patients receiving IMRT must complete 25 radiation
treatments in combination with oral chemotherapy during the induction phase of the study, which takes between 35 and 56 days to complete.
In comparison, patients receiving SBRT during the induction phase are only required to complete 5 treatments, over 5 consecutive days,
and do not receive oral chemotherapy. The decision to modify the study population was based on the observation in the Phase III TIGeR-PaC
study that IMRT patients had a higher dropout rate during the induction phase of the study due to the high frequency of hospital visits
and side effects from the required concurrent chemotherapy. As part of the pre-randomization, induction phase change made to the protocol,
we initiated a review of the statistical considerations for the study and in June 2022, submitted a modified Statistical Analysis Plan
(the Modified SAP to FDA. As part of the Modified SAP, we now plan to (i) analyze only patients receiving SBRT, consistent
with the protocol change made in December 2021, (ii) include a second interim analysis, (iii) change the total number of SBRT patients
randomized in the study to 114 (a reduction from the original 200 patients) with a total of 86 deaths from SBRT patients, including all
deaths from SBRT patients enrolled in the study before the submission of the Modified SAP, and (iv) repower the study from 90 to 80 ,
which is commonly used in clinical trials. We believe these changes will shorten the timeframe needed to complete the study and also
significantly decrease our costs. We have not discussed the protocol amendment or the Modified SAP with the FDA, and we cannot provide
any assurance that the FDA will agree with these modifications. The first planned interim analysis was triggered when 30 , or 26 of 86,
of the total number of deaths occurred (and announced in March 2023), and the second interim analysis at 60 , or 52 of 86, of the total
number of deaths have occurred and is estimated to be mid-2024. Given that the timing of the interim analysis is predicated on a specific
number of deaths, it is difficult to predict the exact timing of the interim analysis or when we will be able to complete the study.
As of March 20, 2023, the Phase III TIGeR-PaC trial has randomized 48 SBRT patients out of 114 total needed under the Modified SAP. At
this rate, we anticipate that all patients will be enrolled and randomized in 2024, with the final study readout in 2025. 

RenovoGem
in Extrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma (eCCA) 

We are also planning to evaluate RenovoGem in a second indication in a
Phase II/III trial in extrahepatic (or outside the liver) cholangiocarcinoma (or eCCA), cancer that occurs in the bile ducts that lead
out of the liver and join with the gallbladder. After significant input from key opinion leaders across the spectrum of relevant medical
specialties and feedback from the FDA, we submitted the protocol for a Phase II/III eCCA clinical trial to FDA, and after receiving feedback,
we are finalizing the protocol and also including incorporating a recently approved drug, durvalumab into the study protocol with guidance
from the Steering Committee. We anticipate launching this study mid this year. We have also secured FDA Orphan Drug Designation for RenovoGem
for the treatment of cholangiocarcinoma, which would provide us with seven years of orphan exclusivity to market RenovoGem for our eCCA
indication upon NDA approval, provided that we are the first sponsor to obtain FDA approval for intra-arterial gemcitabine for the eCCA
indication. 

Our
Team 

Our management team, Board of Directors, and Scientific
Advisors provide us with expertise across multiple sectors to drive success through clinical development and subsequent commercialization
of our novel therapy platform. Our Chief Executive Officer, Shaun Bagai, gained extensive experience running clinical trials and launching,
creating, and developing new markets for novel therapies at TransVascular, Medtronic, Ardian, and HeartFlow. Dr. Ramtin Agah, our Co-Founder
and Chief Medical Officer, is a practicing cardiovascular specialist who has 20 years of research experience in vascular biology and
disease in both academia and industry. In 2022, Angela Gill Nelms joined our executive team as our Chief Operating Officer. She has extensive
experience in clinical research, operations, and building world-class organizations. Our Board of Directors includes a wide range of
public and private company management, board and life sciences experience, including drug/device combination and oncology experience.
Clinical advisors include experts across many specialties who treat solid tumors. Dr. Michael Pishvaian, a medical oncologist, has extensive
experience running oncology studies and is an Associate Professor, and Director of the Gastrointestinal, Developmental Therapeutics,
and Clinical Research Programs at the NCR Kimmel Cancer Center at Sibley Memorial Hospital Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine.
Dr. Pishvaian is the Principal Investigator / Global Study Chair of our TIGeR-PaC Phase III study. Dr. Karyn Goodman serves as the Radiation
Monitor for our TIGeR-PaC Phase III study and Professor and Vice Chair of Clinical Research, Department of Radiation Oncology at the
Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, and Associate Director of Clinical Research at the Tisch Cancer Institute at Mount Sinai. 

5 

Current
Treatments and Limitations of Approaches 

Currently,
solid tumors are typically treated using one or a combination of treatment modalities: surgery, radiation, and pharmacological therapies
(chemotherapy). For solid tumors, when possible, surgical resection of the tumor is the most frequently employed treatment approach.
If the tumor is detected at an early stage and is localized to the affected organ, surgical removal of the entire tumor may be an effective
and potentially curative treatment. In most cases, surgery is undertaken and / or completed prior to commencing additional treatment
approaches. However, multiple solid tumor types, including LAPC and eCCA are diagnosed at advanced stages, which precludes surgery as
a treatment approach. In many of these circumstances, the tumor has grown into adjacent anatomical structures making surgery difficult
or impossible. 

Intravenous
(IV), or systemic chemotherapy (gemcitabine and nab-paclitaxel), which has a seven-week survival benefit is considered standard of care for most solid tumors, but limitations include less than acceptable
efficacy, systemic toxicities, and other side effects. 

For
the treatment of some localized solid tumors, TACE is an established first line therapy. Many companies have developed therapeutic products
for use in this approach to treat tumors of the liver, uterus, and prostate. Many solid tumors have a dedicated blood supply: small blood
vessels, called tumor feeder blood vessels, that branch off of larger native arteries and terminate in the tumors to provide nutrition
to the tumors. A key aspect of TACE is to identify and isolate these tumor feeder blood vessels during x-ray angiography and then deliver
the desired therapy including chemotherapy and embolic agents. In patients with LAPC, no tumor feeder blood vessels are visible during
angiography due to the avascular (lack of blood vessels) nature of these tumors. This limitation has rendered TACE ineffective in the
treatment of patients with LAPC, eCCA, and a subset of other solid tumors. The limitations of TACE translate to low survival rates in
these tumor subtypes. The use of TACE with or without immuno-oncology treatment approaches, which harness the body s immune system
to treat cancer, has not significantly improved survival rates in these subtypes. For example, due to the inability of immune cells to
penetrate the tumor tissue, early studies of targeted immunotherapies in pancreatic cancer have demonstrated limited success. 

Our
Platform: RenovoTAMP 

RenovoTAMP
may work best with avascular tumors 

Certain
tumor types are sufficiently vascularized to enable use of systemic chemotherapy and standard of care local therapy techniques. In Figure
2 below, for example, the panel on the left depicts visualization of an actual tumor, hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), or primary liver
cancer, under x-ray angiography as dye injected through the arteries reaches the tumor itself. Further, visible tumor feeder blood vessels
can be reached by simple end-hole catheters to deliver targeted therapy to these liver tumors. In contrast, the panel on the right illustrates
the typical lack of tumor feeder blood vessels to a pancreatic tumor. Given the lack of tumor feeder blood vessels, the dye does not
reach the tumor, rendering the tumor invisible under x-ray angiography. 

6 

Tumors
in Liver are Different from Hypovascular Tumors in the Pancreas 

Figure
3: Showing liver tumors that are highly vascularized, and pancreatic tumors that are avascular. 

RenovoTAMP
has been under development for over 14 years 

In
2009, our founder Dr. Ramtin Agah, an experienced interventional cardiologist with a degree in biomedical engineering, developed the
concept for RenovoTAMP as a way to deliver chemotherapy locally to treat poorly vascularized tumors. He joined forces with Kamran Najmabadi,
who brought significant medical device engineering experience, to found RenovoRx in 2009. Subsequently, we engaged a contract manufacturer
to prototype and manufacture our RenovoCath delivery devices. We received our first FDA 510(k) clearance for RenovoCath in 2014, a second
clearance to use the RenovoCath for infusion of chemotherapy agents in 2017, a further clearance to use RenovoCath with a power-injector
in 2019, and a fourth clearance in 2021 to expand vessel diameter range to 3-11mm, implement certain changes in the Instructions for
Use, change the recommended saline to contrast solution ratio, among other changes and improvements. RenovoCath is intended for the isolation
of blood flow and delivery of fluids, including diagnostic and/or therapeutic agents, to selected sites in the peripheral vascular system.
RenovoCath is also indicated for temporary vessel occlusion in applications including arteriography, preoperative occlusion, and chemotherapeutic
drug infusion. RenovoCath is intended for general intravascular use in the peripheral vasculature in arteries 3 mm and larger as well
as for use in arteries from 3 mm in diameter for vessel entry and to occlude vessels ranging between 3 mm to 11 mm in diameter. We are
evaluating our lead product candidate RenovoGem under an IND filed in 2018. FDA has determined that RenovoGem will be regulated as, and
if approved we expect will be reimbursed as, a new oncology drug product. 

How
it works: we developed RenovoTAMP as an attempt to solve the problems of treating avascular tumors 

To
overcome the limitations resulting from a lack of tumor feeder blood vessels, we explored a different approach to locally deliver anti-cancer
drugs. By isolating a section of the blood vessel and then increasing the intravascular pressure in the isolated segment, we can introduce
chemotherapy directly across the arterial wall into the surrounding tissue via pressurized diffusion, or Trans-Arterial Micro-Perfusion
(RenovoTAMP). To isolate the vessel and create this pressure gradient, we developed RenovoCath, a patented adjustable double balloon
catheter to occlude the proximal and distal part of the vessel. Using the RenovoTAMP technique in explanted (dissected out of the animal
and used separately in a saline water bath) pig aorta and iliac arteries, we were able to validate our hypothesis by demonstrating >99 
gemcitabine pressurized diffusion across the arterial wall in the absence of feeder vessels. This mechanism of action was further supported
by exploratory acute animal studies measuring the pressure gradient within the artery during double balloon occlusion. Figure 3 demonstrates
the change in intra-arterial pressure over time from catheter introduction to balloon inflation, start of infusion, and pressure plateau
when chemotherapy is forced out of vessel. These changes in pressure are a result of pressure declining as the first balloon blocks blood
inflow and then rising as the drug is administered and fills up the space between the balloons. 

7 

In
procedures developed for the RenovoTAMP platform, interventional radiologists utilize RenovoCath to pressurize an isolated vessel segment. 

Figure
4: Occluding the vessel with RenovoCath, while adjusting the balloon-to-balloon distance to exclude all blood vessel branches,
established an intravascular interstitial pressure in the isolated blood vessel segment of approximately 20 mmHg. With subsequent infusion
of fluids between the balloons at 6 mls/minute, the intravascular pressure increases to above 45 mmHg, trans-arterially forcing the small
molecule drug across the arterial wall via diffusion (this patented process of perfusing the vessel wall is Trans Arterial Micro Perfusion,
or RenovoTAMP). 

Our
RenovoTAMP platform therapy utilizes pressure mediated delivery of gemcitabine across the arterial wall to bathe the pancreatic tumor
tissue in 120 mL of saline with 1,000 mg/m 2 of drug over a 20-minute delivery period (delivering 1,500 - 2,000 mg of
drug depending upon patient body surface area. This blanketing approach of large fluid volume delivery over time may enable the drug
to approach these difficult-to-reach tumors. 

Some
advantages of RenovoTAMP include: 

Ideal
 for solid tumors where resection is not possible due to proximity/impingement of tumor on
 blood vessels, nerves, or other key structures 

No
 need for identifying tumor feeder blood vessels to deliver the drug. These generally do not
 exist in avascular or hypovascular tumors such as LAPC and eCCA 

In
 solid tumors without identifiable feeder vessels, technically easier than direct cannulation
 of small tumor feeder blood vessels 

High
 local concentration of drug into the tumor tissue 

Potential for decreased systemic exposure of drug due to local metabolism prior to systemic exposure 

Developing
a therapeutic platform using an adjustable two-balloon catheter and intra-arterial gemcitabine 

By
isolating the vessel adjacent to the tumor and creating a pressure gradient across the arterial wall between the isolated vessel segment
and the surrounding tissue or tumor, we are able to force the small molecule chemotherapy across the vessel directly into surrounding
tissue or tumor. To accomplish this, we needed a minimally invasive technique to isolate the blood vessel next to the tumor, exclude
any branches that can cause washout of chemotherapy away from the target, and then infuse the chemotherapy into the isolated segment
to achieve pressure mediated diffusion through the vessel wall and into the tumor tissue. We accomplished this with our patented RenovoCath
delivery system. RenovoCath is a double balloon catheter designed with the capability to isolate the proximal and distal sections of
the vessel through the adjustment of the distance between the balloons, thereby excluding any branching blood vessel offshoots. Using
standard interventional techniques, an interventional radiologist inserts the RenovoCath delivery system into the body through the femoral
artery and positions it in the artery closest to the tumor. Once the balloons are inflated and the position is confirmed, chemotherapy
is delivered through the handle, exiting the device between the balloons. It is forced through the vessel wall into the tissue over a
20-minute period. The RenovoCath delivery system is depicted below in Figure 4. 

8 

RenovoCath
Delivers Chemotherapeutic Agent Between Two Balloons 

Figure
5: RenovoCath delivery system illustrating two balloon configuration to isolate the target vessel segment, and chemotherapy delivery port
and exit hole. 

After
the procedure is complete, RenovoCath is discarded, and the patient is generally discharged the same day. On average, the entire procedure
takes approximately 90 minutes. According to the TIGeR-PaC study protocol, intra-arterial treatment is administered through RenovoCath
every other week for a maximum of 8 treatments for approximately 16 weeks. Interventional radiologists using the device are typically
proctored for their first 2-3 cases only. In addition, platform training for our primary indication should transfer to other indications. 

RenovoGem
for LAPC 

Disease
Overview 

Pancreatic cancer is one of the deadliest cancers in the US with very poor
outcomes. According to American Cancer Society s Cancer Facts Figures 2023, pancreatic cancer has a 5-year combined overall
survival rate of 12 (Stages I-IV) and is on track to be the second leading cause of cancer-related deaths before 2030. LAPC is diagnosed
when the disease has not spread far beyond pancreas, however, has advanced to the point where it cannot be surgically removed. LAPC is
typically associated with patients in stage 3 of the disease as determined by the TNM (tumor, nodes and metastasis) grading system. 

Current
Treatment Landscape and Limitations 

Pancreatic
cancer has limited treatment options including one or a combination of surgery, radiation, chemotherapy, and/or some targeted therapies.
Only a small subset of pancreatic cancer patients is eligible for surgery Resectable at the time of presentation (Stage
I-II: 15 ); the rest are distributed between having tumors with unresectable LAPC (Stage III: 30 and metastatic pancreatic cancer (Stage
IV: 50 ). 

Chemotherapy
is at the forefront of systemic therapy for cancer. It can be used in the neoadjuvant (before surgery) setting to attempt to decrease
tumor size in resectable or borderline resectable patients, in the adjuvant (after surgery) setting, or first line in the metastatic/advanced
setting. The backbone of our first product candidate, gemcitabine, is a nucleoside metabolic inhibitor that exhibits antitumor activity
by blocking the synthesis of new DNA, which results in cell death. Gemcitabine administered as an intravenous (IV) infusion has an established
role in the treatment of both unresectable LAPC and metastatic pancreatic cancer. Since its introduction in the US as Gemzar (gemcitabine
for injection) in 1996 with an FDA approved indication as such, it remains in the guidelines as standard of care. It has been demonstrated
to provide clinical benefit for subjects (decreased pain and improved performance status) as well as to improve the time to tumor progression
and survival for subjects with metastatic pancreatic cancer and LAPC. However, major improvement in the survival curve of all pancreatic
cancer subjects has been a clinical challenge, with an average median survival time for LAPC stalled at 12-15 months from time of diagnosis. 

A
key limitation of conventional chemotherapy in these tumors can be attributed to their avascular nature and desmoplasia (fibrosis or
the growth of scar tissue) that impedes drug delivery. Pancreatic tumor cells have a thick and poorly perfused stroma, or connective
tissue, and high interstitial pressure. This can potentially constrict blood vessels leading to an avascular or hypovascular environment
that impedes chemotherapy from reaching tumor cells in high enough volume, rendering them relatively resistant to chemotherapy. 

9 

In
patients with metastatic disease, two chemotherapy combination regimens have shown superiority to gemcitabine, albeit with increased
toxicity. First, the combination of oxaliplatin, irinotecan, fluorouracil, and leucovorin (FOLFIRINOX) in a relatively young cohort of
metastatic pancreatic cancer patients appears superior to gemcitabine by improving survival from 6.8 to 11.1 months. Second, in the Metastatic
Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma Clinical Trial (MPACT) trial, the combination of gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel (Abraxane) demonstrated an
OS benefit of 9 weeks versus gemcitabine alone at the cost of increased toxicity. 

A
major focus of clinicians is determining the optimal method to treat patients with LAPC, patients with localized disease who are not
surgical candidates, roughly 30 of all pancreatic cancer patients. IV, or systemic, administration of chemotherapy has yielded unsatisfactory
results in these patients. Various localized treatments have included high dose local radiation, direct attempts at local injection of
drugs, and use of adenoviral vectors to deliver toxic agents. These treatment options demonstrated limited success in the treatment of
LAPC. The lack of successful treatment options represents a recognized unmet medical need for these patients. 

Standard
of care chemotherapy for the treatment of pancreatic cancer has historically shifted a couple of times with the addition of erlotinib
to gemcitabine 15 years ago resulting in a 14-day survival benefit. In 2013, the addition of Abraxane to gemcitabine was approved, with
immediate deep market penetration based on an 8-week survival benefit despite higher systemic drug toxicities. 

Our
Solution 

We
believe that our product candidate, RenovoGem, has the potential to address the recognized unmet medical need. Utilizing our patented
RenovoTAMP therapy platform, we believe RenovoGem can enhance local drug concentration, thereby increasing efficacy and decreasing systemic
exposure and toxicity to improve patient outcomes. RenovoGem is a drug/device combination product candidate consisting of intra-arterial
gemcitabine and our proprietary RenovoCath delivery system which forces the anti-cancer drug into the tumor. RenovoGem is regulated by
the FDA as a new oncology drug product. We do not intend to sell RenovoCath alone. Instead, we intend to sell RenovoCath only in combination
with intra-arterial gemcitabine (as RenovoGem) or potentially with other therapeutic agents. 

Based
on primary market research and analysis of the US market sponsored by RenovoRx and conducted by third parties, we believe that over
5,000 patients per year would be excellent candidates and undergo RenovoGem treatment once it is approved in the US. The independent
oncologists interviewed stated their dissatisfaction with current standard of care and the strong desire for a therapy like ours to
extend potential survival while maintaining quality of life. Further, the analysis suggests, based on analogous oncology drugs with
only a modest efficacy benefit, a novel drug can expect 50-80 + penetration in a first line setting. The results of
the Key Opinion Leader, or KOL interviews revealed that a majority of oncologists would refer 90 + of their LAPC patients who are
eligible for the procedure for RenovoTAMP if the current Phase III trial demonstrates at least a 4-month survival benefit over
systemic chemotherapy. As of March 8, 2023, we announced interim analysis results of the study suggesting a 6-month potential
improvement in median overall survival with RenovoGem, pending ongoing clinical investigation. We believe this first-of-two interim
analyses indicates that the TIGeR-PaC study is on track to demonstrate increased lifespan for patients being treated with RenovoGem
for LAPC. 

RenovoTAMP
Therapy Platform and First Product Candidate, RenovoGem 

Figure
6: We invented a new therapy platform, RenovoTAMP, that uses pressure to force small molecule chemotherapeutics across the vessel wall
into the surrounding tissue using our patented RenovoCath delivery system. Our first product candidate, RenovoGem, is a drug/device combination
of intra-arterial gemcitabine and the RenovoCath delivery system, and is under development for LAPC and eCCA. We have secured Orphan
Drug Designations for RenovoGem for the treatment of both pancreatic cancer and cholangiocarcinoma. 

Clinical
Development of RenovoGem in LAPC 

Preclinical
Studies and Data 

Once
RenovoCath is introduced via standard interventional technique to the arterial vessel segment next to the targeted tissue, both balloons
are inflated, and the vessel segment is isolated from the rest of the circulatory system. With inflation of balloons, the pressure is
observed to drop within the vessel. However, with
infusion of fluids between the balloons, the intravascular pressure increases beyond 45 mmHg until plateauing, generating a gradient
and trans-arterially forcing the infusate across the arterial wall via diffusion or Trans-Arterial Micro-Perfusion (TAMP). A key aspect
of this approach is to adjust the distance between the balloons to exclude any side blood vessel branches in the isolated segment to
allow the increase in pressure gradient, rather than drug washout via the side branches. Figure 6 shows a comparison, in an animal study,
between proper balloon positioning with no side branches, allowing maximum drug to cross the arterial wall, versus improper balloon positioning
to include side branches, resulting in drug washing out via the side branches. 

10 

Infusion
Pressure Achieved When Side Blood Vessel Branches Are Excluded 

Figure
7: Top panel demonstrates proper balloon positioning with no side branch. Pressure increases with infusion and reaches a plateau of
approximately 75 mmHg higher than initial pressure. Bottom panel demonstrates improper balloon positioning with side branch between
the balloons. Pressure increases with infusion and reaches a plateau of approximately only 15mmHg higher than initial
pressure. 

With
diffusion of fluids across the arterial wall in RenovoTAMP, we expected to be able to deliver small molecules into the surrounding tissue.
We performed the following studies to validate this hypothesis: 

1) In
 a preclinical study, 99 of the gemcitabine crossed the arterial wall via RenovoTAMP. 

In
explanted (dissected out of the animal and used separately in a saline water bath) pig iliac and aortic artery, with the introduction
of RenovoCath and infusion of gemcitabine in the isolated vessel segment, we were able to measure (in a time dependent fashion) the amount
of gemcitabine crossing the arterial wall into the surrounding fluid. We isolated the arterial vessel segment using RenovoCath and then
delivered 60 mg/minute of gemcitabine into the isolated area over 20 minutes. By the end of the infusion, we measured 1,188 mg of gemcitabine
in the surrounding fluid around the vessel and 9 mg in the analyzed tissue of the vessel. This demonstrated that 99 of the drug crosses
the arterial wall and only 0.75 is retained in the arterial tissue (Figure 7). 

11 

In
a Preclinical Study - 99 of Chemotherapy Crosses Arterial Wall with RenovoTAMP Delivery 

Figure
8: RenovoTAMP: delivery of chemotherapy through the RenovoCath and into the tissue to bathe the tumor in chemotherapy. In a preclinical
study using gemcitabine, 99 of the drug crosses the arterial wall and less than 0.75 is retained in the vessel wall tissue. 

2) Infusion
 of gemcitabine via RenovoTAMP has demonstrated vascular safety with acceptable toxicity in
 a pig model and does not cause loss of vessel integrity or inflammation. 

Six
pigs were treated with gemcitabine via RenovoTAMP (6 mL/min for 20 minutes). Target vessels included selection of the superficial femoral
artery (SFA) and splenic arteries from each animal (either test or saline control). A total of 6 vessels (3 SFA and 3 splenic arteries)
were treated with an equal number of control vessels. All animals survived the 7-day in-life period although two of the animals with
gemcitabine treatment in the splenic artery experienced atypical pain during the post-operative phase and required additional pain management
with eventual complete recovery. 

Analysis
of the vessels demonstrated preserved vessel shape with intact endothelial cells (cells on the inside of the vessels). Minimal to no
inflammation was observed. The only vessel toxicity observed was a reduction of smooth muscles cells in the vessel wall, primarily close
to the inside of the vessel. 

3) 
 In
 preclinical studies, RenovoTAMP achieved targeted local drug (dye) delivery. 

I. 
Targeted small molecule delivery (dye) into pancreatic tissue 

We
further validated our approach for tissue drug delivery using acute animal experiments. Using both dye and gemcitabine infusion via the
RenovoTAMP therapy, we were able to demonstrate that fully isolating a segment of a vessel (by blocking inflow and outflow in the target
vessel as well as side branches with the RenovoCath double balloons) can lead to dye penetration greater than 4.0 cm from the vessel
wall and drug tissue concentration (gemcitabine) up to 100-fold greater than systemic administration. 

In
an acute pig experiment, RenovoCath was introduced into the gastro-duodenal artery (GDA), a side branch was excluded (using small implants
that block the artery, coils), and then dye was introduced at 6mls/minute over 2 minutes. Analysis demonstrated that the blue dye diffused
covered approximately 10.56 cm 2 (2.2 cm x 4.8 cm) of the pancreas. 

12 

Dye
Demonstrates RenovoTAMP Delivery of Agent into Pancreatic Tissue 

Figure
9: RenovoCath was introduced into the GDA and a side branch was excluded by coiling. This test was conducted in an acute porcine model
and demonstrated a dye coverage area of approximately 10.56 cm 2 for a 2-minute dye infusion. All dimensions in above
figure are in cm. 

The
study was repeated in 6 other vessel targets to validate the impact of vessel isolation on dye penetration into the surrounding tissue
with similar results. 

II. Small
molecule delivery (dye and gemcitabine) locally into lung tissue 

In
another set of acute animal experiments, the pulmonary artery was isolated via access through the internal jugular vein. Six ml of methylene
blue dye was injected over 1 min and gemcitabine was subsequently delivered locally at rate of 6 mls/minute for 20 minutes to the lung
tissue using the RenovoTAMP procedure. 

Dense
dye staining localized to the area of the isolated vessel segment was observed. Again, analysis established penetration into surrounding
tissue (4 cm). Furthermore, RenovoTAMP achieved greater than 100-fold tissue concentration of gemcitabine versus the tissue level achieved
by IV (systemic) delivery of gemcitabine at the same infusion rate. 

Dye
Staining Demonstrates RenovoTAMP Delivery of Agent to Lung Tissue 

Figure
10: Dense dye staining localized to the area of the isolated pulmonary artery segment and penetrating 4 cm into surrounding tissue following
1 minute dye infusion. In addition, gemcitabine was delivered via RenovoTAMP for 20 minutes demonstrating 100-fold increase in tissue
concentration of gemcitabine compared to IV delivery of gemcitabine at the same infusion rate. 

13 

We
concluded that RenovoTAMP can achieve drug penetration into the surrounding tissue and can achieve high dose concentrations in local
tissue. The tissue concentration with intravenous infusion and/or distant from RenovoTAMP site (likely after recirculation through systemic
system) were two orders of magnitude lower than tissue levels achieved with RenovoTAMP (p 

RenovoTAMP
Increases Local Tissue Concentration of Gemcitabine Compared to IV Infusion 

Figure
11: Local tissue concentration of gemcitabine. control (Blue): Intravenous infusion versus RenovoTAMP (Orange): RenovoTAMP: intra-arterial
infusion. The tissue concentration with intravenous infusion and/or distant from RenovoTAMP site (likely after recirculation through
systemic system) are 100-fold lower than tissue levels achieved with RenovoTAMP. 

This
animal lung study successfully validated the ability of RenovoCath to deliver small molecules locally and effectively to lung tissue. 

III. Based on the results of preclinical studies, increase in local tissue delivery of gemcitabine in LAPC may enhance tumor reduction
and therapeutic response 

In
relevant mouse models of pancreatic tumors, it has been demonstrated that targeted intra-arterial (IA) infusion of gemcitabine into the
pancreas after surgical isolation of arterial blood flow has a superior therapeutic effect with greater reduction in tumor volume compared
to the same concentration administered by conventional systemic (intravenous) injection. To achieve a comparable reduction in tumor growth
as seen with IA treatment, gemcitabine had to be given intravenously at over 300 times the dose which was associated with increased toxicity. 

RenovoTAMP
and Radiation 

Traditionally
the goal of radiation includes debulking the tumor and/or acting as a chemo-sensitizer. In our RR1 dose escalation safety study and RR2
observational registry study, the benefit of RenovoTAMP appeared to be enhanced in patients with prior radiation. As we were observing
this effect months after radiation and although several randomized studies have not demonstrated a benefit of chemotherapy + radiation
versus chemotherapy alone, we hypothesized that a direct effect of radiation on the vasculature may be enhancing the effect of RenovoTAMP.
One of the side effects of radiation is a decrease in the micro-vasculature in the irradiated tissue including the small blood vessels
that exist in the vessel walls themselves. Therefore, we postulated that by eliminating microvasculature in and around the vessel wall,
radiation may enhance drug penetration into the tissue via RenovoTAMP (Figure 11). As such, a possible enhancing effect of radiation
on RenovoTAMP may involve decreasing washout of the drug as it crosses the arterial wall by preventing draining into the surrounding
microvasculature. 

We
completed a pig study where we observed the impact of RenovoTAMP in recruiting the vasa vasorum (small blood vessels within the larger
blood vessel walls) around the vessel during drug/dye infusion. It was discovered that the dye drained into the vasa vasorum and other
small vessels in the adjacent tissue (Figure 11); as these vessels can directly connect to the adjacent venous system, the microvascular
networks can serve as an escape route for drugs. Ultimately this direct washout can reduce the amount of drug concentration
in the tissue. Radiation pretreatment may enhance the impact of RenovoTAMP by attenuating this escape route. 

RenovoTAMP
Combined with Radiation Reduces Venous Outflow by Decreasing the Microvasculature 

Figure
12: Mechanism of RenovoTAMP and radiation reduces venous outflow by decreasing the microvasculature networks that could act as an escape
route for the drugs. The photo on the left illustrates this effect in a dye infusion study in the porcine animal model. The panel
on the right demonstrates venous chemotherapy washout without radiation versus less venous escape routes for chemotherapy following radiation. 

We
further advanced this theory by conducting a pig study to directly test whether radiation can enhance tissue uptake by RenovoTAMP. In
a single-animal study, we examined the use of Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy (SBRT) pre-treatment on one leg followed by RenovoTAMP
versus RenovoTAMP without prior radiation therapy on the opposite leg. The leg of the animal that was pre-treated with radiation demonstrated
more pronounced tissue staining with methylene blue dye and increased gemcitabine concentration via punch biopsy. Based on these findings,
we believe that the benefit of prior radiation on clinical outcomes with RenovoTAMP may be improved by the effect of radiation on microvasculature
between the vessel wall and the tumor. 

14 

Dye
Test Demonstrates that RenovoTAMP Plus Radiation Increases Concentration of Gemcitabine 

Figure
13: To demonstrate the effect of radiation pre-treatment, we delivered radiation therapy to the left leg of a pig. After waiting one month
for the therapy to fully affect the vasculature, we performed RenovoTAMP on the left and right leg arteries with blue dye and gemcitabine.
Dissection revealed better dye penetration into the tissue on the left (irradiated) leg, and punch biopsy demonstrated higher gemcitabine
concentration in the left leg. 

We
have demonstrated that the RenovoTAMP therapy allows targeted small molecule drug delivery into the tissue surrounding the vessel wall,
without need to identify tumor feeder blood vessels. The mechanism of action is the exclusion of distal (downstream) and side branch
vessels in the isolated segment and creating a pressure gradient by infusing the drug over time. The pressure gradient results in a diffusion-mediated
delivery of drug into the surrounding tissue. With the use of gemcitabine, the procedure appears safe in terms of local toxicity in the
vasculature. Using this approach, we can achieve increased drug delivery into the surrounding tissue in the range of 4 cm-tissue penetration
as well as concentration orders of magnitude larger than what can be achieved with IV infusion. Lastly, RenovoTAMP appears to be enhanced
by prior radiation of tissue, possibly by decreasing the microvasculature and subsequent potential chemotherapy washout. 

15 

LAPC
Clinical Development 

RenovoTAMP
has been studied in a Phase I/II dose-ranging study of 20 subjects with locally advanced pancreatic cancer (RR1) and in an observational
study that enrolled 25 additional subjects with pancreatic cancer (RR2); two subjects from the RR1 safety study continued to receive
treatment in the RR2 observational registry study. We subsequently launched a Phase III registration trial (TIGeR-PaC). As of March 8, 2023, we announced interim analysis
results of the study suggesting a 6-month potential improvement in median overall survival with RenovoGem, pending ongoing clinical investigation.
We believe this first-of-two interim analyses indicates that the TIGeR-PaC study is on track to demonstrate increased lifespan for patients being
treated with RenovoGem for LAPC. Final analysis will be conducted after 86 protocol-specified events have occurred in the SBRT population
with two planned interim analyses: this first analysis with 30 of the specified events (deaths) reported and the second analysis when
60 of the events have been reported (expected in 2024). 

Phase
I/II Dose-Ranging Study: RR1 

Study
Design 

A
Phase I/II safety study of our RenovoTAMP therapy has been completed in subjects with LAPC (Phase I/II RenovoCath/Gem RR1). This multicenter,
prospective, open label, interventional, nonrandomized, intra-subject dose escalation study evaluated IA gemcitabine delivered locally
to the pancreas using RenovoCath in 20 subjects with LAPC. The primary objectives of the study were (1) to establish the maximum
tolerated dose (MTD) and (2) to study the safety and tolerability of intra-arterial (IA) gemcitabine administered by RenovoCath at doses
ranging from 250 mg/m 2 to 1000 mg/m 2 . Secondary endpoints included overall survival, CA 19-9 marker change,
change in tumor size based on RECIST 1.1 (Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors) criteria, and pain scores and narcotic use. Adverse
events were collected from the first IA gemcitabine infusion until 3 months following the final IA gemcitabine infusion. Subjects were
followed for survival. 

Treatment
constituted introducing RenovoCath to target vessel (adjacent to tumor) via catheterization, occluding the targeted segments via the
RenovoCath balloons, and infusing gemcitabine in the occluded segment. To minimize ischemia (damage due to cessation of blood flow) the
infusion was limited to 20 minutes and an anticoagulant (heparin) was given during the procedure. Tissue markers were followed post procedure
to ensure lack of local tissue damage-toxicity (AST, ALT, Lipase and Amylase). 

Treatment
was administered in four 28-day cycles, each of which consisted of two IA doses of gemcitabine, one on day 1 and one on day 15, with
a two-week rest period between cycles. The first six subjects received a starting dose of 250 mg/m 2 , and doses increased by
250 mg/m 2 in each subsequent cycle culminating with the full dose of 1,000 mg/m 2 . After the initial six subjects,
the starting dose increased to 500 mg/m 2 for one cycle, after which dosing increased to 750 mg/m 2 for
the second cycle, and then the full 1,000 mg/m 2 dose for the remaining 2 cycles. Each subject underwent CT scanning prior
to the first procedure for the selection of the optimal target vessel most proximal to the tumor. 

Study
Subjects and RenovoGem Exposure 

The
median age of subjects was 66.7 years with a gender distribution of 9 men and 11 women. Prior treatment included chemotherapy and radiation
therapy in 6 (30 ), chemotherapy alone in 5 (25 and no prior therapy in 9 (45 subjects. Collectively the 20-subject cohort received
101 IA treatments. It is important to note that 9 of the 20 subjects had a biliary stent or drain in place before the first IA procedure. 

Trial
Results 

Safety 

There
was no evidence of local tissue toxicity in any patients post procedure as measured by liver and pancreatic enzymes. Out of 101 procedures,
adverse events were reported in 11 subjects, including catheterization/procedure-related events with arterial dissections at treatment
sites (3), pseudoaneurysm in a visceral artery (1), complications away from the treatment site and site complications (2). 

Serious
adverse events were reported in 9 subjects during the study. Overall survival (including deaths that occurred following disease progression)
was followed in all study subjects. The number of subjects with serious adverse events is shown in Table 1 below. 

16 

Table
1 Summary of Serious Adverse Events for 9 subjects in RR1 Dose Ranging Study 

Serious Adverse Event 
 N=20 
 
 Cardiac Arrest 
 1/20 (5 
 
 Dehydration 
 1/20 (5 
 
 Duodenal obstruction 
 1/20 (5 
 
 Gastritis 
 1/20 (5 
 
 Infection 
 1/20 (5 
 
 Intraoperative arterial injury-dissection 
 3/20 (15 
 
 Intraoperative arterial injury-lower extremity 
 1/20 (5 
 
 Pain-Abdominal NOS 
 1/20 (5 
 
 Respiratory failure 
 1/20 (5 
 
 Sepsis 
 3/20 (15 
 
 Neutropenia 
 4/20 (20 

This
table shows serious adverse events reported in 9 of the 20 subjects during the study. Several subjects had more than one serious adverse
event. 

Efficacy 

The
principal evaluation of efficacy was survival. All subjects were followed for survival after the end of IA gemcitabine treatment. All
subjects have died, with the longest having an overall survival of 35.9 months. 

Subjects
Who Received More Intra-arterial Treatment Cycles Survived Longer 

Figure
14: This chart shows survival as a function of total number of IA treatment cycles received. Subjects receiving all 4 cycles (n=8) had
a median survival time of 21.7 months, compared to a median survival time of 10.9 months for all subjects (n=20). 

17 

Subjects
Who Received Greater Cumulative Exposure to RenovoGem Survived Longer 

Figure
15: Splitting the entire cohort into equal tertiles based on total dose received, patients receiving the lowest total dose 2.5g/m2, but 4g/m2; n=7;
median OS=27.5 months). 

Subjects
Who Had Prior Radiation Exposure Survived Longer Than Those Who Did Not 

As
shown below in Figure 15, fifteen subjects received more than 1 cycle of intra-arterial gemcitabine treatment. The red line represents
subjects without any prior treatment or received prior chemotherapy only (n=10; median OS=13.6 months). The dark green line depicts subjects
who received prior chemoradiation (n=5; median OS=28.2 months). P 

Figure
16: Survival of subjects with or without prior chemoradiation. Subjects with prior chemoradiation (n=5) had a median survival time of
28.2 months, compared with a median survival time of 13.6 months for subjects without prior chemoradiation (n=10). 

18 

Disease
Progression Based on RECIST 1.1 Criteria 

The
RECIST 1.1 criteria was used to compare the baseline and follow up CT images submitted by sites. Follow-up CT scans obtained 5 months
after initiation of IA gemcitabine therapy were submitted for 17 of the 20 subjects and were compared to the baseline images. Six of
the 17 subjects (35.3 experienced tumor progression, 1 (5.9 had a partial response, and 10 (58.8 demonstrated stable disease 5
months post treatment initiation. Two of the 6 subjects with tumor progression received less than 1 cycle (only 1 treatment) of IA gemcitabine.
Among 15 subjects who received more than 1 cycle (2 treatments), 26.7 had disease progression, 6.7 had partial response and 66.7 had
stable disease 5 months post IA therapy. 

CA
19-9 Tumor Marker Change 

CA19-9
is a protein that can be detected in serum and is a biomarker of pancreatic cancer; its levels can be used to assess tumor response to
therapy. Twelve of 20 subjects had measurable CA 19-9 tumor markers. The final CA 19-9 tumor marker levels were lower in 7 of 12 (58 and greater in 5 of 12 (42 subjects. It is notable that final tumor marker levels were lower in 4 of 5 subjects with prior chemoradiation
and higher in 5 of 7 subjects without prior chemoradiation. 

Observational
Registry Study RR2 

We
launched the RR2 observational registry study in January 2016 to further explore the clinical utility of the RenovoTAMP procedure. The
key inclusion criteria were patients with locally advanced or borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma confirmed by histology
or cytology. This was an observational patient registry study with endpoints of safety and survival following intra-arterial gemcitabine
treatment with RenovoCath. The study was conducted at 7 sites in the US and subsequently closed on August 2019 except for one US site
(that did not participate in the Phase III study). This last site in the study was officially closed in September 2020. Over the 3 years
that the trial was open, we enrolled 25 subjects with LAPC. Two of those subjects had participated in our Phase I/II RenovoCath/Gem RR1
trial: each received 8 IA gemcitabine infusions prior to enrollment in the RR2 study. A summary of data updated through January 2021
is presented below. 

The
study initially enrolled LAPC subjects without regard to prior radiation or chemotherapy. In April 2017, after the observation of longer
survival of subjects with prior chemoradiation versus subjects who had not had prior radiotherapy, entry into the registry was restricted
to subjects with LAPC who had received prior radiation. Of note, one subject who had prior pancreatic cancer surgery (Whipple procedure)
would not normally have been enrolled in the study but was included for safety observations as her physician had previously planned IA
gemcitabine therapy. 

Investigators
in the study reported all Serious Adverse Events from the first IA gemcitabine infusion to at least 60 days after their last procedure,
but reporting of non-serious adverse events was optional. All subjects received gemcitabine 1000 mg/m 2 every two weeks,
except one who received 500 mg/m 2 , typically for a total of 8 doses. Subjects were followed post-treatment for survival. 

Study
Subjects and RenovoGem Exposure 

Twenty-five
subjects were enrolled at 7 sites. The study enrolled 15 women (60 and 10 men (40 ); with a mean and median age of 73. Of the 25, 10
(40 had no prior therapy, 8 (32 had prior radiotherapy and chemotherapy, 6 (24 had prior chemotherapy alone and 1 (4.5 had surgery
(Whipple procedure). 

Two
subjects were continuations from the previous Phase I/II RenovoCath/Gem RR1 study, and as a result, received more than eight treatments
(total in both studies). The treatment received summary is shown in Table 2: 

Table
2 Dosing Treatments for RR2 Observational Registry Study, for 25 Subjects Enrolled at 7 Sites 

Number of Dosing Treatments 
 N=25 
 
 1 
 5/25 (20 
 
 2 
 3/25 (12 
 
 3 
 4/25 (16 
 
 4 
 5/25 (20 
 
 6 
 2/25 (8 
 
 7 
 2/25 (8 
 
 8 
 2/25 (8 
 
 >8 
 2/25 (8 

Twenty-five
subjects, 15 women (60 and 10 men (40 ); with a mean and median age of 73 were enrolled at 7 sites. Of 25, 10 (40 had no prior therapy,
8 (32 had radiotherapy and chemotherapy, 6 had chemotherapy alone and 1 (4.5 had surgery (Whipple procedure). 

In
the 25 patients, 109 total IA treatments were administered through one or more of the following arteries: 

Common
 Hepatic Artery 

Splenic
 Artery 

Celiac
 Axis 

Superior
					Mesenteric Artery 

Trial
Results 

Safety 

There
were a number of adverse events reported. The most common were nausea (36 ), vomiting (28 ), abdominal pain (32 ), followed by
vascular access complications (16 ). The less common adverse events reported 

19 

Summary
of Key Safety Observations 

Neither
 pancreatitis nor local tissue toxicity was reported in LAPC subjects without prior surgery. 

There
 was no instance of arterial dissection in this study. 

The
 incidence of sepsis was lower in this study (1/25 subjects receiving 94 infusions) compared
 with the incidence in Phase I/II RenovoCath/Gem RR1 (3/20 subjects receiving 101 infusions).
 The subject with sepsis did not have a biliary stent or drain and the source of the sepsis
 was not identified. No sepsis events were noted after 51 infusions in 12 subjects with biliary
 stents, who received peri-procedure antibiotics. The incidence of sepsis in the RR2 observational
 registry is like that of pancreatic cancer subjects receiving myelosuppressive chemotherapeutic
 regiment in other studies. 

Efficacy 

Excluding
the subjects with prior or post pancreatic cancer surgery, median survival (n=22) from the time of first IA gemcitabine treatment was
5.43 months, as illustrated in Figure 16 below, whereas median overall survival (from date of diagnosis) was 13.0 months (Figure 17). 

Survival
of all Subjects from first IA Gemcitabine Treatment (Median 5.43 Months) 

Figure
17. Overall RR2 observational registry study cohort (N=22) survival from first IA treatment until date of death. 

20 

Overall
Survival of All Subjects (Median Overall Survival 13 Months) 

Figure
18: Overall RR2 observational registry study cohort (N=22) overall survival from date of diagnosis. 

As
in Phase I/II RenovoCath/Gem RR1, subjects with prior radiation and chemotherapy demonstrated longer survival than other subjects. 

Subjects
with Prior Chemoradiation Survived Longer than Subjects with Prior Chemotherapy Only 

Figure
19: Survival as function of previous treatment received for RR2 registry study subjects. As in RR1 study, subjects with prior radiation
and chemotherapy demonstrated longer survival than other subjects. 

In
summary, the results of the RR2 observational registry build on the findings of the Phase I/II RenovoCath/Gem RR1 study. The use of RenovoCath
in this patient population can be undertaken with adequate safety, with adequate attention to procedural technique including careful
use/manipulation of a guide catheter to prevent arterial dissection, and with the administration of peri-procedure antibiotics in patients
with prior biliary stent/drain. 

21 

RR1
and RR2 Conclusions 

Patients with
LAPC treated with RenovoTAMP showed efficacy signals: 

Survival
 of patients with LAPC following RenovoTAMP was similar to that observed in the previous Phase
 I/II RenovoCath/Gem RR1 study. 

Patients
 with biliary stents or drains who received RenovoTAMP who received prophylactic peri-procedure
 antibiotics experienced no episodes of sepsis. 

LAPC
 patients who received prior radiation and chemotherapy had longer survival than those without
 prior radiotherapy. 

In
 the RR2 observational registry study, treatment via the Superior Mesenteric Artery (SMA)
 showed the greatest survival benefit. It is believed that this is a result of the high contact
 area between the SMA and the tumor tissue. 

The
 registry study (RR2) results combined with the Phase I dose escalation study (RR1) further
 validates prior radiation and treatment location as predictors of overall survival (in combination,
 RR1 and RR2 data were statistically significant for these two variables). 

Based
on the FDA s safety review of our Phase I/II study and clinical outcome, the FDA allowed us to proceed to evaluate RenovoGem within
our Phase III registrational clinical trial. 

TIGeR-PaC
Phase III Trial (RR3) 

With
completion of RR1 and RR2, we obtained FDA approval for Phase III IND study in February 2018 comparing RenovoTAMP with intra-arterial
gemcitabine to standard of care. In the FDA pre-IND meeting, the FDA confirmed the study design and endpoints and indicated that this
Phase III study should result in New Drug Application approval if successful. In April 2018, we obtained Orphan Drug Designation for
the use of RenovoGem in patients with pancreatic cancer. Depending on the progress of the trial and the potential observed benefit of
RenovoGem, we will evaluate submitting a request to the FDA for Breakthrough Therapy Designation. 

The
primary endpoint of the study is overall survival, from time of randomization until death. Secondary endpoints include but not limited
to progression free survival and quality of life questionnaire results. The study is a multi-center, open-label, randomized active-controlled
study of subjects with locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma which is unresectable according to NCCN guidelines. The study is currently
enrolling patients in the US. 

The
study design is as follows: all patients receive a four-month induction phase of IV chemotherapy and radiation prior to randomizing to
4 cycles (8 treatments) of RenovoTAMP or 4 cycles of continuation of IV chemotherapy. In December 2021, we amended the protocol for our
Phase III clinical trial to only allow for Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy (SBRT) radiation during the induction phase of the study.
We had previously permitted both SBRT and intensity-modulated radiation therapy (IMRT). Patients receiving IMRT were required to complete
25 treatments prior to being randomized into our study. In comparison, patients receiving SBRT are only required to complete 5 treatments.
IMRT is generally less tolerable than SBRT, and we had observed a higher drop out for patients on IMRT. While RenovoTAMP data versus
historical controls predicts a much greater survival benefit, the TIGeR-PaC study is powered to detect a 6-month survival benefit. 

A
study flowchart is shown below. Subjects with stable or responding disease after approximately 4 months in induction therapy and who
are not surgical candidates will then be randomized 1:1. 

22 

TIGeR-PaC
Study Flowchart with Chemoradiation Induction Phase 

Figure
20: TIGeR-PaC Study Flowchart. All subjects undergo a 4-month induction phase that includes IV gemcitabine + Abraxane and radiation therapy.
If the subjects are stable with LAPC post-induction, they are randomized 1:1 into control group (IV gemcitabine + Abraxane) versus treatment
group (intra-arterial gemcitabine via RenovoTAMP therapy). Subjects are then administered continuation therapy until disease progression
and followed through survival. 

In
December 2021 we amended the protocol for this clinical trial to only allow for SBRT during the
induction phase of the study (prior to randomization). We had previously permitted both SBRT and IMRT. Patients receiving IMRT must complete 25 radiation treatments in combination with oral chemotherapy during the induction phase
of the study, which takes between 35 and 56 days to complete. In comparison, patients receiving SBRT during the induction phase are only
required to complete 5 treatments, over 5 consecutive days, and do not receive oral chemotherapy. The decision to modify the study population
was based on the observation in the Phase III TIGeR-PaC study that IMRT patients had a higher dropout rate during the induction phase
of the study due to the high frequency of hospital visits and side effects from the required concurrent chemotherapy. As part of the
pre-randomization, induction phase change made to the protocol, we initiated a review of the statistical considerations for the study
and in June 2022, submitted the Modified SAP to FDA. As part of the Modified SAP,
we now plan to (i) analyze only patients receiving SBRT, consistent with the protocol change made in December 2021, (ii) include a second
interim analysis, (iii) change the total number of SBRT patients randomized in the study to 114 (a reduction from the original 200 patients)
with a total of 86 deaths from SBRT patients, including all deaths from SBRT patients enrolled in the study before the submission of
the Modified SAP, and (iv) repower the study from 90 to 80 , which is commonly used in clinical trials. We believe these changes will
shorten the timeframe needed to complete the study and also significantly decrease our costs. We have not discussed the protocol amendment
or the Modified SAP with the FDA, and we cannot provide any assurance that the FDA will agree with these modifications. As of March 8,
2023, we announced interim analysis results of the study suggesting a 6-month potential improvement in median overall survival with RenovoGem,
pending ongoing clinical investigation. We believe this first-of-two interim analyses indicates that the TIGeR-PaC study is on track to demonstrate
increased lifespan for patients being treated with RenovoGem for LAPC. Final analysis will be conducted after 86 protocol-specified events
have occurred in the SBRT population with two planned interim analyses: this first analysis with 30 of the specified events (deaths)
reported and the second analysis when 60 of the events have been reported (expected in 2024), with the final study readout in 2025. 

23 

In
this interim analysis, the control and treatment arms demonstrated divergence in median overall survival for patients. The study is designed
to randomize 114 patients (57 in each arm) with all patients receiving upfront induction chemotherapy and SBRT. The TIGeR-PaC DMC met and determined the interim data is promising and warrants continuation of this pivotal trial. As of
the date of the analysis, 45 patients from U.S. sites had been randomized in this trial and the survival status of all subjects was used
for the analysis. 

23
 patients were randomized to intra-arterial gemcitabine (RenovoGem investigational treatment)
 arm and 22 to continuation of IV gemcitabine and nab-paclitaxel (control or standard of care)
 arm. There were an equal number of primary events, 13 in each arm. 
 
 The
 median overall survival in the IV gemcitabine and nab-paclitaxel control arm was 10 months,
 versus 16 months in the intra-arterial RenovoGem arm. (NOTE: Both arms median overall
 survival calculations do not include 4 to 5-months of life since diagnosis during the induction
 chemotherapy and radiation phase of the trial). 
 
 Observed
 a positive trend in median overall survival by 24-weeks (6-months); in this interim analysis,
 the statistical significance was not reached to stop the study early (p=0.051) 

Clinical
Pharmacokinetic (PK) Data in Patients with LAPC Treated with Gemcitabine via RenovoTAMP 

We
expect intra-arterial gemcitabine delivered via the RenovoTAMP technique to have a pharmacokinetic profile that is distinct from intravenous
gemcitabine dosing. Furthermore, with local delivery of gemcitabine into the tissue via RenovoTAMP and drainage into the liver prior
to systemic circulation, we anticipate lower systemic levels of gemcitabine. 

We
presented the initial results of this substudy at ASCO-GI 2023 in San Francisco, CA. At the time of the analysis, 13 samples were collected
across 5 TIGeR-PaC clinical sites. We demonstrated that the cohort had an average greater than 50 reduction in systemic drug exposure
with IA delivery of gemcitabine using RenovoTAMP when compared with IV administration. 

24 

Second
Solid Tumor Indication 

eCCA
Overview 

Cholangiocarcinoma
is the second most common primary malignant tumor of the liver with over 7,000 new cases diagnosed annually in the US. Cholangiocarcinoma
(CCA) develops after malignant transformation of the biliary tract mucosa. The global market of CCA was estimated to be 385 million
in 2018 and the US accounted for the largest market size of CCA. Furthermore, the market size for global CCA therapeutics is estimated
to grow by 83 million during 2019-2023 with a compound annual growth rate of 6 . Advanced age, male gender, primary sclerosing cholangitis
(PSC), inflammatory bowel disease, pancreatitis, and cirrhosis are some predisposing factors for development of CCA. 

Based
on the tumor location CCA is defined as intra-hepatic, or within the liver, or extrahepatic, or outside the liver. The eCCA subset of
CCA patients is about 3,000 cases per year. eCCA is a disease with an exceptionally poor prognosis. 

eCCA
Current Treatment Landscape and Limitations 

Most
patients with eCCA have localized disease with possible extension of the tumor around the bile duct. Based on local extension of the
disease, treatment options include surgery, chemotherapy, and radiation therapy. Surgical resection offers the only chance for curative
therapy for patients with eCCA; however, the surgery is associated with high mortality and morbidity and most patients are not candidates.
Systemic chemotherapy is a primary mode of treatment in these patients as a form of palliation, which is associated with morbidity and
limited improvement in survival. 

Current
standard chemotherapy treatment in these patients is based on the ABC-2 Trial: a randomized trial of 410 patients with unresectable CCA
(the study included intrahepatic, within the liver, and extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma patients). Patients were treated with gemcitabine
plus cisplatin, consisting of a three-week cycle, with treatments on Days 1 and 8 and dosing of gemcitabine at 1000 mg/m 2 and
cisplatin at 25 mg/m 2 . Reported median overall survival for patients on such a regimen (11.7 months) was greater than for
patients receiving gemcitabine alone (8.1 months). With this standard of care treatment, commonly observed Grade 3-4 toxicities include
anemia, leukopenia, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, lethargy, nausea/vomiting, and anorexia. In the ABC-02 trial the efficacy of
gemcitabine/cisplatin combination was not significantly different from that of gemcitabine alone in patients with extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma.
For this reason, a standard of care practice has not been established for extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma. 

More recently, the Phase III TOPAZ-1 study was presented at the 2022 ASCO GI in San Francisco, CA and demonstrated
that the addition of durvalumab to the previously described gemcitabine/cisplatin regimen increased median overall survival from 11.6
months to 12.8 months in this patient population and subsequently received FDA approval. 

RenovoGem
for the Treatment of eCCA 

Similar
to RenovoGem for LAPC, we believe that RenovoGem may overcome the current treatment limitations of eCCA. In this setting, patients with
eCCA have several tumor characteristics that create the potential for RenovoGem to be more effective than systemic chemotherapy. These
characteristics include: 

Local
 disease with possible extension of disease to local vasculature; 

Avascular
 nature of the tumor lends itself to our RenovoTAMP approach, overcoming the limitations in
 drug delivery by targeting the periductal proper hepatic artery or left or right hepatic
 artery; 

Gemcitabine,
 used as a target molecule for this tumor type, has already been demonstrated to be safe in
 terms of local toxicity targeted via our approach to this vasculature and organ; and 

The
 bile duct around the hilum is usually within 1-14 mm (mean of 3.8 mm) of the hepatic artery:
 a reasonable target for RenovoTAMP therapy given the potential 4 cm tissue penetration of
 drug. 

Clinical
Development of RenovoGem in eCCA 

Rationale 

In May 2020, the FDA granted us Orphan Drug Designation in May 2020 for
RenovoGem for the treatment of CCA. We are planning to evaluate RenovoGem in a second indication in a Phase II/III trial in extrahepatic
(or outside the liver) cholangiocarcinoma (or eCCA), cancer that occurs in the bile ducts that lead out of the liver and join with the
gallbladder. After significant input from key opinion leaders across the spectrum of relevant medical specialties and feedback from the
FDA, we submitted the protocol for a Phase II/III eCCA clinical trial to FDA, and after receiving feedback, we are finalizing the protocol
and also including incorporating a recently approved drug, durvalumab into the study protocol with guidance from the Steering Committee.
We anticipate launching this study mid this year. We have also secured FDA Orphan Drug Designation for RenovoGem for the treatment of
cholangiocarcinoma, which would provide us with seven years of orphan exclusivity to market RenovoGem for our eCCA indication upon NDA
approval, provided that we are the first sponsor to obtain FDA approval for intra-arterial gemcitabine for the eCCA indication. 

Market
Opportunity 

We
are currently developing RenovoGem for LAPC. We also intend to develop it for eCCA, and potentially for locally advanced lung cancer,
locally advanced uterine cancer and glioblastoma. We estimate that the total annualized addressable market opportunity for RenovoGem
for our first market, LAPC, in the United States is approximately 0.5 billion and globally could exceed 1 billion based on a third-party
market research analysis. The total cost of care for a patient on the standard of care treatment of gemcitabine + Abraxane is estimated
at 67,216, which if applied to 60,000 pancreatic cancer cases per year would total 4 billion per year for the total US pancreatic cancer
market. 

Beyond
our initially targeted subset of LAPC patients, we see potential to evaluate RenovoGem in additional settings where it may help to get
more patients to surgery, prolong life, enhance systemic therapy or provide local therapy with fewer side effects than alternative treatments.
These may include patients with stage 1 or stage 2 pancreatic cancer receiving neoadjuvant as well as in subpopulations of patients with
metastases who also have locally advanced disease. Based on third-party market research, several physicians mentioned the role for local
therapy as an adjunct for systemic chemotherapy as well as for patients who decline systemic chemotherapy. Among the locally advanced
(stage 3) patients diagnosed with the cancers shown in Figure 22, we estimate that ~125,000 could be potentially addressable via RenovoGem. 

25 

Below
is published epidemiology data showing the 2021 estimated annual incidence of the following tumor types in the United States to be greater
than 350,000 patients in the aggregate. 

Market
Opportunity for RenovoTAMP 

Figure
21: US Annual Incidence of Initial RenovoTAMP Target Tumor Types, showing overall incidence in blue, and those treatable via RenovoTAMP
in orange. 

All
 Pancreatic Cancers compared to Locally Advanced Pancreatic Cancers (LAPC) 

All
 Cholangiocarcinoma (CCA) compared to Extrahepatic CCA 

All
 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancers (NSCLC) compared to Stage 3 NSCLC 

All
 Glioma compared to Glioblastoma 

All
 Uterine cancers versus Transcatheter arterial chemoembolization (TACE) eligible uterine cancers 

We
believe RenovoTAMP is broadly applicable to locally advanced tumors: our platform may be used with multiple small molecule chemotherapeutic
agents in multiple solid tumor indications. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to obtain patents and trademarks, maintain trade secret and know-how protection, enforce our proprietary
rights against infringers, and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties. Because of the length
of time and expense associated with developing new products and bringing them through the regulatory approval process, the health care
industry places considerable emphasis on obtaining patent protection and maintaining trade secret protection for new technologies, products,
processes, know-how, and methods. 

Our
intellectual property protection stems from several issued device and method patents on our RenovoCath delivery system that optimizes
delivery of the anti-cancer drug and the RenovoTAMP therapy platform. Our issued patents also provide exclusivity as it relates
to utilizing RenovoCath with anti-cancer drugs. 

We have 8 US patents issued, 1 European patent issued, and 8 additional
patents pending in the US, EU, and Asia. We continue to explore additional opportunities to further bolster our IP position. Table 3 below
describes our issued patents, all of which have been assigned to us. 

26 

Table
3 RenovoRx has Significant Patent Protection with 8 Issued Patents 

Family 
 App. No. Filing Date 
 Type of Patent Protection 
 Patent Focus 
 Patent # 
 Estimated Expiration 
 
 Dual Balloon Methods and Apparatuses 
 12/958711 Filed: 12/2/2010 
 US Utility patent 
 Methods: isolating splenic artery with 2 balloons (sliding inner catheter) 
 US8,821,476 
 January 25, 2033 
 
 Dual Balloon Methods and Apparatuses 
 14/870833 Filed: 9/30/2015 
 US Utility patent 
 Apparatus: 2 balloons, seal to isolate lumen, and infusion aperture 
 US9,463,304 
 December 2, 2030 
 
 Dual Balloon Methods and Apparatuses 
 14/293603 Filed: 6/2/2014 
 US Utility patent 
 Apparatus: 2 balloons (sliding inner catheter), 2 ports for fluid handling 
 US9,457,171 
 April 16, 2031 
 
 Dual Balloon Methods and Apparatuses 
 15/351922 Filed: 11/15/2016 
 US Utility patent 
 Kits for chemotherapy including catheter with 2 balloons, an infusion aperture and 2 ports 
 US10,512,761 
 April 16, 2031 
 
 Dual Balloon Methods and Apparatuses 
 108351107 Filed: 12/2/2010 
 E.U. Utility patent, nationalized in BE, CH, DE, ES, FR, GB, IE, IT and NL 
 A two occlusion element, adjustable delivery apparatus having inner and outer catheter, seal to isolate lumen 
 EU 2506913 
 December 2, 2030 
 
 Side Branch Isolation Device and Methods 
 14/958428 Filed: 12/3/2015 
 US Utility patent 
 Apparatuses and Methods: 3 balloon catheters for isolating side branches 
 US10,099,040 
 December 3, 2035 
 
 Trans-Arterial Micro-Perfusion (TAMP) 
 15/807011 Filed: 11/8/2017 
 US Utility patent 
 Methods delivering radiation to devascularize then TAMP 
 U.S., 10,695,543 
 August 28, 2038 
 
 Dual Balloon Methods and Apparatuses 
 18/149649 Filed: 1/3/2023 
 US Utility patent (Pending application) 
 Methods of treating bile duct 
 PENDING 
 December 2, 2030 
 
 Trans-Arterial Micro-Perfusion (TAMP) 
 16/685974 Filed: 11/15/2019 
 US Utility patent (Pending application) 
 Devascularization in conjunction with TAMP 
 US11,052,224 
 November 8, 2037 
 
 Dual Balloon Methods and Apparatuses 
 IN 1632MUMNP2012 Filed: 12/2/2010 
 IN Utility patent (Pending application) 
 A two occlusion element, adjustable delivery apparatus having inner and outer catheter, seal to isolate lumen 
 PENDING 
 December 2, 2030 
 
 Trans-Arterial Micro-Perfusion (TAMP) 
 CN 2018800033529 Filed: 5/18/2018 
 CN Utility patent (Pending application) 
 Devascularization in conjunction with TAMP 
 PENDING 
 November 8, 2037 
 
 Trans-Arterial Micro-Perfusion (TAMP) 
 EP 187315908 Filed: 5/18/2018 
 EP Utility patent (Pending application) 
 Devascularization in conjunction with TAMP 
 PENDING 
 November 8, 2037 
 
 Trans-Arterial Micro-Perfusion (TAMP) 
 JP 2020514151 Filed: 5/18/2018 
 JP Utility patent (Pending application) 
 Devascularization in conjunction with TAMP 
 PENDING 
 November 8, 2037 
 
 Trans-Arterial Micro-Perfusion (TAMP) 
 17/315220 Filed: 5/7/2021 
 US Utility patent (Pending application) 
 Devascularization in conjunction with TAMP 
 PENDING 
 November 8, 2037 
 
 Trans-Arterial Micro-Perfusion (TAMP) 
 17/367046 Filed: 7/2/21 
 US Utility patent (Pending application) 
 Devascularization in conjunction with TAMP 
 PENDING 
 November 8, 2037 
 
 Dual Balloon Methods and Apparatuses 
 17/558577 Filed: 12/21/2021 
 US Utility patent (Pending application) 
 Methods of treating bile duct 
 US11,541,211 
 December 2, 2030 
 
 Improved Dual Balloon Methods and Apparatuses 
 18/184620 
Filed: 3/15/2023 
 US Utility patent 
(Pending application) 
 Dual occlusion catheter systems 
 PENDING 
 March 15, 2043 
 
 Microvascular Delivery of Materials 
 63424842 
Filed: 11/11/2022 
 US Provisional patent 
(Pending application) 
 Methods and devices for delivering agent through Vasa Vasorum 
 PENDING 
 N/A 

Predicted earliest expiration date. The actual expiration date will depend on factors related to patent prosecution and issuance. 

 Estimated
expiration dates assume all maintenance fees are paid. 

Orphan
drug designation provides seven years post-approval market exclusivity protection. Gemcitabine is generic; however, we have exclusivity
for the intra-arterial route of administration. RenovoGem is regulated by the FDA as a new oncology drug product. We intend to make intra-arterial
gemcitabine and RenovoCath available as a combined product and not to make either component available separately. Once approved, we will
have exclusivity over the use of intra-arterial gemcitabine as it will be approved by the FDA in combination with RenovoCath. 

When
appropriate, we actively pursue protection of our proprietary products, technologies, processes, and methods by filing United States
and international patent and trademark applications. We seek to pursue additional patent protection for technology invented through research
and development, manufacturing, and clinical use of our technology that will enable us to expand our patent portfolio around advances
to our current systems, technology, and methods for our current applications as well as others. 

There
can be no assurance that the pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents, that patents issued to or licensed by
us will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors, or that these patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to protect
our technology or provide us with a competitive advantage. 

To
maintain our proprietary position, we also rely on trade secrets and proprietary technological experience to protect proprietary manufacturing
processes, technology, and know-how relating to our business. We rely, in part, on confidentiality agreements with our marketing partners,
employees, advisors, vendors and consultants to protect our trade secrets and proprietary technological expertise. In addition, we also
seek to maintain our trade secrets through maintenance of the physical security of the premises where our trade secrets are located.
There can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others
will not independently develop equivalent proprietary information or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets
and proprietary knowledge. 

In
certain circumstances, United States patent law allows for the extension of a patent s duration for a period of up to five years
after FDA approval. We intend to seek extension for one of our patents after FDA approval if it has not expired prior to the date of
approval. In addition to our proprietary protections, the FDA has granted us two orphan drug designations that provide us a seven-year
period of exclusive marketing beginning on the date that our NDA is approved by the FDA for the designated orphan drug. While the exclusivity
only applies to the indication for which the drug has been approved, we believe that this exclusivity will provide us with added protection
once commercialization of an orphan drug designated product begins. 

27 

There
has been and continues to be substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical and
medical device areas. If a third party asserts a claim against us, we may be forced to expend significant time and money defending such
actions and an adverse determination in any patent
litigation could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require us to redesign our product, require us to seek licenses
from third parties, and, if licenses are not available, prevent us from manufacturing, selling or using our system. Additionally, we
plan to enforce our intellectual property rights vigorously and may find it necessary to initiate litigation to enforce our patent rights
or to protect our trade secrets or know-how. Patent litigation can be costly and time consuming and there can be no assurance that the
outcome will be favorable to us. 

Manufacturing
and Supply 

For
the catheter component (RenovoCath) of the drug/device combination, we currently rely on a single-source contract manufacturer, Medical
Murray, North Barrington, IL. However, we are in early discussions with an additional manufacturer. We are subject to regulatory requirements
of the FDA s Quality System Regulation (QSR), for medical devices sold in the United States, and the European Medical Device Directive
93/42/EEC, which was replaced by the EU Medical Device Regulation (MDR) in May 2021, following a four-year transition period for medical
devices marketed in the European Union. We have an agreement in place with Medical Murray to produce the RenovoCath through October 2024
with automatic annual renewal until termination by either party with 12 months notice. While we believe Medical Murray has the
capabilities to scale RenovoCath production to peak forecasted commercial volumes, manufacturing can be transferred to additional vendors
if needed. 

The
FDA monitors compliance with QSR through periodic inspections of both our facility and the facility of our contact manufacturer. Our
European Union Notified Body, British Standards Institute (BSI), monitors compliance with the MDR requirements through both annual scheduled
audits and periodic unannounced audits of our facilities as well as our contract manufacturer s facilities. 

Our
failure or the failure of our contract manufacturer to maintain acceptable quality requirements could result in the shutdown of our manufacturing
operations or the recall of products which could be detrimental to our company. If our contract manufacturer fails to maintain acceptable
quality requirements, we may have to qualify a new contract manufacturer and could experience a material adverse effect to manufacturing
and manufacturing delays as a result. 

We
do not own or operate and do not intend to establish our own gemcitabine manufacturing facilities. 

Within
our TIGeR-PaC Phase III trial, hospitals are sourcing generic gemcitabine labeled for IV use from their respective pharmacies to use
in conjunction with the RenovoCath for the RenovoTAMP procedures. In the commercial setting, we expect to rely on contract manufacturing
organizations for gemcitabine production, relabeling and co-packaging with the RenovoCath. The formulation of gemcitabine used in the
TIGeR-PaC Phase III trial and in the commercial setting will be identical, however, the labeling of gemcitabine will be intra-arterial
gemcitabine to be used exclusively in conjunction with RenovoCath. 

Government
Regulation 

Our
products are subject to extensive and rigorous government regulation by foreign regulatory agencies and the FDA. Foreign regulatory agencies,
the FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in state and local jurisdictions impose extensive requirements upon the clinical development,
pre-market clearance and approval, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, advertising and promotion, pricing, storage and distribution of
pharmaceutical and medical device products. Failure to comply with applicable foreign regulatory agency or FDA requirements may result
in Warning Letters, fines, civil or criminal penalties, suspension or delays in clinical development, recall or seizure of products,
partial or total suspension of production or withdrawal of a product from the market. 

United
States Regulatory Environment 

In
the US, the FDA regulates drug and device products, including combination, under the FDCA, and its implementing regulations. RenovoGem
is subject to regulation as a combination product, which means it is composed of both a drug component and device component. Each component
of a combination product is subject to the requirements established by the FDA for that type of component and if marketed individually,
each component would be subject to different regulatory pathways and reviewed by different centers within the FDA. A combination product,
however, is assigned to a center that will have primary jurisdiction over its pre-market review and regulation based on a determination
of its primary mode of action, which is the single mode of action that provides the most important therapeutic action. The center that
regulates the portion of the product that has the primary mode of action becomes the lead evaluator. When evaluating an application,
a lead center may consult other centers but still retain complete reviewing authority, or it may collaborate with another center, by
which the center assigns review of a specific section of the application to another center, delegating its review authority for that
section. Typically, an applicant submits a single marketing application to the center selected to be the lead evaluator, although separate
applications for each constituent part may be submitted to the applicable centers. Combination products where the drug provides the primary
mechanism of action are often referred to as drug-led combination products. 

In
a drug/device combination product, containing two or more separate products packaged together in a single package or as a unit and comprised
of drug and device products, where the primary mode of action is typically a drug mode of action with the Center for Drug Evaluation
and Research, or CDER, as the lead Center, CDER would review the NDA in consultation with the Center for Devices and Radiological Health
on device-specific issues. For co-packaged or single-entity combination products there are two ways to comply with current good manufacturing
practice, or cGMP, requirements. Manufacturers can either (i) demonstrate compliance with all cGMP regulations applicable to each of
the constituent parts in the combination product or (ii) in the case of drug/device combination products, demonstrate compliance with
either the drug cGMP regulations or the device Quality System Regulation, or QSR, and also demonstrate compliance with additional provisions
from the other of these two sets of cGMP requirements, as specified in the combination products regulations. Failure to comply with applicable
regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action by the FDA, which may include any of the following sanctions: warning or untitled
letters, fines, injunctions, civil or criminal penalties, recall or seizure of current or future products, operating restrictions, partial
suspension or total shutdown of production, refusal or denial of submissions for new products, or withdrawal of clearance, authorization,
or approval. 

In
the case of RenovoGem, the primary mode of action is attributable to the drug component of the product, which means that the Center for
Drug Evaluation and Research, has primary jurisdiction over its pre-market development and review. The underlying RenovoCath drug
delivery device system used in RenovoGem has been separately cleared by the FDA as a Class II medical device (without any prepackaged
drug product) for the isolation of blood flow and delivery of fluids, including diagnostic and/or therapeutic agents, to selected sites
in the peripheral vascular system. The RenovoCath is also indicated for temporary vessel occlusion in applications including arteriography,
preoperative occlusion, and chemotherapeutic drug infusion. The RenovoCath is intended for general intravascular use in the peripheral
vasculature in arteries 3mm and larger. The RenovoCath is intended for use in arteries from 3mm in diameter for vessel entry and to occlude
vessels ranging between 3mm to 11mm in diameter. 

The
process required by the FDA before drug product candidates, including drug-led combination products, may be marketed in the United States
generally involves the following: 

submission
 to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin
 and must be updated periodically, but at least annually; 

28 

completion
 of extensive preclinical laboratory tests and preclinical animal studies, all performed in
 accordance with the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice, or GLP, regulations; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy
 of the product candidate for each proposed indication; 

submission
 to the FDA of an NDA after completion of all pivotal clinical trials; 

a
 determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA to file the NDA for review; 

satisfactory
 completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities at which the
 product is produced and tested to assess compliance with cGMP regulations; and 

FDA
 review and approval of an NDA prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the
 United States. 

The
development and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals
for our product will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. 

The
results of preclinical tests (which include laboratory evaluation as well as GLP studies to evaluate toxicity in animals) for a particular
product candidate, together with related manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted as part of an IND to the FDA. The
IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises concerns
or questions about the conduct of the proposed clinical trial, including concerns that human research subjects will be exposed to unreasonable
health risks. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin.
IND submissions may not result in FDA authorization to commence a clinical trial. A separate submission to an existing IND must also
be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development. Further, an independent institutional review board,
or IRB, for each medical center proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before
it commences at that center and it must monitor the study until completed. The FDA, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial
at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Clinical
testing also must satisfy extensive good clinical practice, or GCP, regulations and regulations for informed consent and privacy of individually
identifiable information. Similar requirements to the United States, IND are required in the EU and other jurisdictions in which we may
conduct clinical trials. 

Clinical
Trials 

For
purposes of NDA submission and approval, clinical trials are typically conducted in the following sequential phases, which may overlap: 

Phase
 I Clinical Trials. Studies are initially conducted in a limited population to test the product
 candidate for safety, dose tolerance, absorption, distribution, metabolism and excretion,
 typically in healthy humans, but in some cases in patients. 

Phase
 II Clinical Trials. Studies are generally conducted in a limited patient population to identify
 possible adverse effects and safety risks, explore the initial efficacy of the product for
 specific targeted indications and to determine dose range or pharmacodynamics. Multiple Phase
 II clinical trials may be conducted by the sponsor to obtain information prior to beginning
 larger and more expensive Phase III clinical trials. 

Phase
 III Clinical Trials. These are commonly referred to as pivotal studies. When Phase II evaluations
 demonstrate that a dose range of the product is effective and has an acceptable safety profile,
 Phase III clinical trials are undertaken in large patient populations to further evaluate
 dosage, provide substantial evidence of clinical efficacy and further test for safety in
 an expanded and diverse patient population at multiple, geographically dispersed clinical
 trial centers. 

Phase
 IV Clinical Trials. The FDA may approve an NDA for a product candidate, but require that
 the sponsor conduct additional clinical trials to further assess the drug after NDA approval
 under a post-approval commitment. In addition, a sponsor may decide to conduct additional
 clinical trials after the FDA has approved an NDA. Post-approval trials are typically referred
 to as Phase IV clinical trials. 

Sponsors
of clinical trials may submit proposals for the design, execution, and analysis for their pivotal trials under a Special Protocol Assessment,
or SPA. A SPA is an evaluation by the FDA of a protocol with the goal of reaching an agreement that the Phase III trial protocol design,
clinical endpoints, and statistical analyses are acceptable to support regulatory approval of the drug product candidate with respect
to effectiveness for the indication studied. Under a SPA, the FDA agrees to not later alter its position with respect to adequacy of
the design, execution or analyses of the clinical trial intended to form the primary basis of an effectiveness claim in an NDA, without
the sponsor s agreement, unless the FDA identifies a substantial scientific issue essential to determining the safety or efficacy
of the drug after testing begins. 

Since the COVID-19 public health emergency, FDA has
issued various COVID-19 guidance documents, including guidance on conducting clinical trials during the pandemic; resuming normal drug
and biologics manufacturing operations; manufacturing, supply chain, and inspections; and statistical considerations for clinical trials
during the COVID-19 public health emergency, among others. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations and
clinical development plans is highly uncertain and subject to change and will depend on future developments, including new regulatory
requirements and changes to existing regulations. If new guidance and policies are promulgated by the FDA that require changes in our
clinical protocol or clinical development plans, our anticipated timelines and regulatory approval may be delayed or materially impacted.
President Biden announced that the administration intends to end the COVID-19 national and public health emergencies on May 11, 2023.
The full impact of the termination of the public health emergencies on FDA and other regulatory policies and operations are unclear. 

New
Drug Applications (NDAs) 

The
results of drug development, preclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA. NDAs also must
contain extensive chemistry, manufacturing and control information. An NDA must be accompanied by a significant user fee, which may
be waived in certain circumstances. Once the submission has been accepted for filing, the FDA s goal is to review applications
within ten months of submission or, if the application relates to an unmet medical need in a serious or life-threatening indication,
six months from submission. The review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or
clarification. The FDA may refer the application to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether
the application should be approved. For new oncology products, the FDA will often solicit an opinion from an Oncologic Drugs
Advisory Committee, or ODAC, a panel of expert authorities knowledgeable in the fields of general oncology, pediatric oncology,
hematologic oncology, immunologic oncology,
biostatistics, and other related professions. The ODAC panel reviews and evaluates data concerning the safety and effectiveness of marketed
and investigational human drug products for use in the treatment of cancer, and makes appropriate recommendations to the Commissioner
of Food and Drugs. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee. 

29 

Before
approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will
generally inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless compliance
with cGMPs is satisfactory, and the NDA contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective in the indication
studied. After the FDA evaluates the NDA and the manufacturing facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response
letter, or CRL. A CRL generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing, or information,
in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction
in a resubmission of the NDA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. A CRL may require additional clinical data and/or an additional
pivotal Phase III clinical trial(s), and/or other significant, expensive and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials,
preclinical studies or manufacturing. Data from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently
than we or our collaborators interpret data. Approval may be contingent on a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, that limits
the labeling, distribution or promotion of a drug product. Once issued, the FDA may withdraw product approval if ongoing regulatory requirements
are not met or if safety problems occur after the product reaches the market. In addition, the FDA may require testing, including Phase
IV clinical trials, and surveillance programs to monitor the safety effects of approved products which have been commercialized, and
the FDA has the power to prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of these post-marketing programs or other
information. 

There
are three primary regulatory pathways for an NDA under Section 505 of the FDCA: Section 505 (b)(1), Section 505 (b)(2) and Section 505(j).
A Section 505 (b)(1) application is used for approval of a new drug (for clinical use) whose active ingredients have not been previously
approved. A Section 505 (b)(2) application is used for a new drug that relies on data not developed by the applicant. Section 505(b)(2)
of the FDCA was enacted as part of the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, also known as the Hatch-Waxman
Act. This statutory provision permits the approval of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from
studies not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. The Hatch-Waxman Act
permits the applicant to rely in part upon the FDA s findings of safety and effectiveness for previously approved products. Section
505(j) application, also known as an abbreviated NDA, is used for a generic version of a drug that has already been approved. 

An
approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As
a condition of NDA approval, the FDA may require a REMS to help ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the potential risks. REMS
can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use. The requirement for
a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the drug. Moreover, product approval may require substantial post-approval
testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s safety or efficacy. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance
with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. 

Changes
to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes
or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement before the change can be implemented. An NDA supplement
for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures
and actions in reviewing NDA supplements as it does in reviewing NDAs. 

The
NDA review process for drug-led combination includes a review of the device constituent. In this case, the device constituent for RenovoGem
is RenovoCath, which is cleared by the FDA. 

Orphan
Drug Exclusivity 

Some
jurisdictions, including the United States, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Pursuant to
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA grants orphan drug designation to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally
a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. The orphan designation is granted for a combination
of a drug entity and an indication and therefore it can be granted for an existing drug with a new (orphan) indication. Applications
are made to the Office of Orphan Products Development at the FDA and a decision or request for more information is rendered in 60 days.
NDAs for designated orphan drugs are exempt from user fees, obtain additional clinical protocol assistance, are eligible for tax credits
up to 50 of research and development costs, and are granted a seven-year period of exclusivity upon approval. The FDA cannot approve
the same drug for the same condition during this period of exclusivity, except in certain circumstances where a new product demonstrates
superiority to the original treatment. Exclusivity begins on the date that the marketing application is approved by the FDA for the designated
orphan drug, and an orphan designation does not limit the use of that drug in other applications outside the approved designation in
either a commercial or investigational setting. 

We
have received orphan drug designations for RenovoGem for pancreatic cancer and cholangiocarcinoma. 

The
granting of orphan drug designations does not mean that the FDA has approved a new drug. Companies must still pursue the rigorous development
and approval process that requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals for
our product will be granted at all, or on a timely basis. 

Further, in Catalyst Pharms., Inc. v. Becerra, 14
F.4th 1299 (11th Cir. 2021), the court disagreed with the FDA s longstanding position that the orphan drug exclusivity only applies
to the approved use or indication within an eligible disease. This decision created uncertainty in the application of the orphan drug
exclusivity. On January 24, 2023, the FDA published a notice in the Federal Register to clarify that while the agency complies with the
court s order in Catalyst, the FDA intends to continue to apply its longstanding interpretation of the regulations to matters outside
of the scope of the Catalyst order that is, the agency will continue tying the scope of orphan-drug exclusivity to the uses or
indications for which a drug is approved, which permits other sponsors to obtain approval of a drug for new uses or indications within
the same orphan designated disease or condition that have not yet been approved. It is unclear how future litigation, legislation, agency
decisions, and administrative actions will impact the scope of the orphan drug exclusivity. 

FDA
Medical Device Regulation 

Unless
an exemption applies, each new or significantly modified drug delivery medical device that we develop based on the current 510(k)-cleared
RenovoCath and which we seek to commercially distribute in the United States will require a premarket notification to the FDA requesting
permission for commercial distribution under Section 510(k) of the FDCA, also referred to as a 510(k) clearance, unless addressed as
part of a new drug application for a drug/device combination product. New medical devices without an applicable predicate device as well
as higher-risk medical devices are subject to premarket approval by the FDA under a PMA or a de novo classification from the FDA. The
510(k) clearance, PMA approval, and de novo classification processes can be resource intensive, expensive, and lengthy, and require payment
of significant user fees, unless an exemption is available. 

Under
the FDCA, medical devices are classified into one of three classes Class I, Class II or Class III depending on the degree
of risk associated with each medical device and the extent of manufacturer and regulatory control needed to ensure its safety and effectiveness. 

Class
I includes devices with the lowest risk to the patient and are those for which safety and effectiveness can be reasonably assured by
adherence to a set of FDA regulations, referred to as the general controls for medical devices, which require compliance with the applicable
portions of cGMP regulations known as the Quality System Regulation, or QSR, facility registration and product listing, reporting of
adverse events and malfunctions, and appropriate, truthful, and non-misleading
labeling and promotional materials. Some Class I devices, also called Class I reserved devices, also require premarket clearance by the
FDA through the 510(k) premarket notification process described below. Most Class I products are exempt from the premarket notification
requirements. 

30 

Class
II devices are those that are subject to the general controls and special controls, as deemed necessary by the FDA to ensure the safety
and effectiveness of the device. These special controls can include performance standards, patient registries, FDA guidance documents,
and post-market surveillance. Most Class II devices are subject to premarket review and clearance by the FDA. Premarket review and clearance
by the FDA for Class II devices is accomplished through the 510(k) premarket notification process. 

Class
III devices include devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risk such as life-supporting or life-sustaining devices, or implantable
devices, or devices that have a new intended use or use advanced technology that are not substantially equivalent to that of a legally
marketed predicate device. The safety and effectiveness of Class III devices cannot be reasonably assured solely by the general controls
and special controls described above. All clinical investigations of devices to determine safety and effectiveness must be conducted
in accordance with the FDA s investigational device exemption (IDE), regulations which govern investigational device labeling,
prohibit promotion of the investigational device, and specify an array of recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities of
study sponsors and study investigators. If the device presents a significant risk to human health, as defined by the FDA,
the FDA requires the device sponsor to submit an IDE application to the FDA, which must become effective prior to commencing human clinical
trials. If the device under evaluation does not present a significant risk to human health, then the device sponsor is not required to
submit an IDE application to the FDA before initiating human clinical trials, but must still comply with abbreviated IDE requirements
when conducting such trials. Therefore, these devices are subject to the PMA process, which is generally more costly and time consuming
than the 510(k) process. 

The
510(k) Clearance Process 

Under
the 510(k) process, the manufacturer must submit to the FDA a premarket notification, demonstrating that the device is substantially
equivalent, as defined in the statute, to a legally marketed predicate device. A predicate device is a legally marketed device
that is not subject to premarket approval, i.e., a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device) and
for which a PMA is not required, a device that has been reclassified from Class III to Class II or I, or a device that was previously
found substantially equivalent through the 510(k) process. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from three to 12 months,
but may take longer. The FDA may require additional information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial
equivalence. In addition, FDA collects user fees for certain medical device submissions and annual fees and for medical device establishments. 

If
the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent to a predicate device currently on the market, it will grant 510(k) clearance
to commercially market the device. If the FDA determines that the device is not substantially equivalent to a predicate
device, the device is automatically classified into Class III. The device sponsor must then fulfill the much more rigorous premarketing
requirements of the PMA approval process, or seek risk-based reclassification of the device through the de novo process, which is a route
to market for novel medical devices that are low to moderate risk and are not substantially equivalent to a predicate device. A manufacturer
can also submit a petition for direct de novo review if the manufacturer is unable to identify an appropriate predicate device and the
new device or new use of the device presents a moderate or low risk. 

After
a device receives 510(k) clearance or de novo classification, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness,
or that would constitute a new or major change in its intended use, will require a new 510(k) clearance or, depending on the modification,
could require a PMA or de novo classification. The FDA requires each manufacturer to determine whether the proposed change requires submission
of a 510(k) or a PMA in the first instance, but the FDA can review any such decision and disagree with a manufacturer s determination.
Many minor modifications are accomplished by a letter-to-file in which the manufacture documents the change in an internal letter-to-file.
The letter-to-file is in lieu of submitting a new 510(k) to obtain clearance for such change. The FDA can always review these letters
to file in an inspection. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s determination regarding whether a new premarket submission
is required for the modification of an existing device, the FDA can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or recall the modified
device until marketing authorization is obtained. Also, in these circumstances, the manufacturer may be subject to significant regulatory
fines or penalties. 

Other
FDA Regulatory Requirements 

Products
manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including recordkeeping, annual
product quality review and reporting requirements. Adverse event experiences with the product, including both drug-related and device-related
adverse events (including device malfunctions and medical device reporting), must be reported to the FDA in a timely fashion and pharmacovigilance
programs to proactively look for these adverse events are mandated by the FDA. Drug and device manufacturers and their subcontractors
are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections
by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with ongoing regulatory requirements, including cGMP and QSR, which impose certain
procedural and documentation requirements upon us and our third-party manufacturers. Following such inspections, the FDA may issue notices
on Form 483, Untitled Letters or Warning Letters that could cause us or our third-party manufacturers to modify certain activities. A
Form 483 Notice, if issued at the conclusion of an FDA inspection, list conditions the FDA investigators believe may have violated cGMP,
QSR or other FDA regulations or guidelines. In addition to Form 483 Notices and Untitled Letters or Warning Letters, failure to comply
with the statutory and regulatory requirements can subject a manufacturer to possible legal or regulatory action, such as suspension
of manufacturing, seizure of product, injunctive action or possible civil penalties. We cannot be certain that we or our present or future
third-party manufacturers or suppliers will be able to comply with the cGMP regulations, QSR and other ongoing FDA regulatory requirements.
If we or our present or future third-party manufacturers or suppliers are not able to comply with these requirements, the FDA may require
us to recall our products from distribution or withdraw any potential approvals of an NDA for that product. 

The
FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs and devices, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer
advertising, dissemination of off-label information, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities
involving the Internet. Drugs and devices may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of
the approved label. Further, if there are any modifications to the drug or device, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing
processes or facilities, we may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new or supplemental NDA or clearance or approval of
the modified device, respectively, which may require us to develop additional data or conduct additional preclinical studies and clinical
trials. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in adverse publicity, Warning Letters, corrective advertising and potential
civil and criminal penalties. 

Physicians
may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested
by us and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties, in particular in oncology. Physicians may believe
that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of
physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, impose stringent restrictions on manufacturers communications
regarding off-label use. 

31 

In
addition, the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical products is subject to the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, or PDMA, which
regulates the distribution of drugs and drug samples at the federal level and sets minimum standards for the registration and regulation
of drug distributors by the states. Both the PDMA and state laws limit the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical product samples
and impose requirements to ensure accountability in distribution. 

Foreign
Regulatory Environment 

If
we seek to market RenovoGem in foreign jurisdictions, we could become subject to a variety of foreign regulations regarding development,
approval, commercial sales, and distribution of our products in addition to regulations in the United States. Whether or not we obtain
FDA approval for a product, we must obtain the necessary approvals by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before
we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country and
can involve additional product testing and additional review periods. The review process may take longer or shorter than that required
to obtain FDA approval. The requirements governing, among other things, the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and
reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. Regulatory approval in one country does not ensure regulatory approval in another,
but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may negatively impact the regulatory process in others. If we
fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals,
product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions, and/or criminal prosecution. 

Other
United States Healthcare Laws 

In
addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical and medical device products, including drug/device combination products,
pharmaceutical companies are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities
in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which they conduct their business and may constrain the financial arrangements and relationships
through which we research, as well as sell, market and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing authorization. Such laws
include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, data privacy and security, and transparency
laws and regulations related to drug pricing and payments and other transfers of value made to physicians and other healthcare providers.
If manufacturers operations, including activities engaged by their contractors or agents, are found to be in violation of any
of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply, they may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, administrative,
civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the curtailment or restructuring of operations, integrity oversight and reporting
obligations, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs and imprisonment. 

The
federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration
to induce, or in return for, purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service
reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federally financed healthcare programs. The Affordable Care Act, or ACA, amended the
intent element of the federal statute so that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific
intent to violate it in order to commit a violation. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical
manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers, among others, on the other. Although there are a number
of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain business activities from prosecution or other regulatory sanctions,
the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchases
or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. 

Federal
civil and criminal false claims laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, prohibit any person or entity from knowingly presenting,
or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false
statement to have a false claim paid. This includes claims made to programs where the federal government reimburses, such as Medicare
and Medicaid, as well as programs where the federal government is a direct purchaser, such as when it purchases off the Federal Supply
Schedule. Pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for, among other things, allegedly inflating
drug prices they report to pricing services, which in turn were used by the government to set Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates,
and for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product.
In addition, certain marketing practices, including off-label promotion, may also violate false claims laws. Additionally, the ACA amended
the federal Anti-Kickback Statute such that a violation of that statute can serve as a basis for liability under the federal False Claims
Act. Most states also have statutes or regulations similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and civil False Claims Act, which apply
to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. 

Other
federal statutes pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse include the civil monetary penalties statute, which prohibits, among other
things, the offer or payment of remuneration to a Medicaid or Medicare beneficiary that the offeror or payor knows or should know is
likely to influence the beneficiary to order a receive a reimbursable item or service from a particular supplier, and the additional
federal criminal statutes created by the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which prohibits,
among other things, knowingly and willfully executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or
obtain by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises any money or property owned by or under the control of
any healthcare benefit program in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. 

In
addition, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their respective
implementing regulations, impose obligations on certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, known as covered
entities, as well as their business associates that perform certain services involving the storage, use or disclosure of individually
identifiable health information, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security, and transmission
of individually identifiable health information, and require notification to affected individuals and regulatory authorities of certain
breaches of security of individually identifiable health information. HITECH increased the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed
against covered entities, business associates and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil
actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorney s fees and costs associated
with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, many state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances,
many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, and often are not preempted by HIPAA. 

Further,
pursuant to the ACA, the CMS has issued a final rule that requires applicable manufacturers of covered products, including prescription
drugs and certain medical devices, to collect and annually report information on certain payments or transfers of value made in the previous
year to physicians (defined to include doctors of medicine and osteopathy, dentists, podiatrists, optometrists and licensed chiropractors),
certain non-physician healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners, among others) and teaching hospitals,
as well information regarding investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. The reported data is made available
in searchable form on a public website on an annual basis. Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties.
In addition, several states now require prescription drug companies to report certain expenses relating to the marketing and promotion
of drug products and to report gifts and payments to individual healthcare practitioners in these states. Other states prohibit various
marketing-related activities and/or require the posting of information relating to clinical studies and their outcomes. Some states require
the reporting of certain pricing information, including information pertaining to and justifying price increases, or prohibit prescription
drug price gouging. In addition,
certain states require pharmaceutical companies to implement a healthcare compliance program or code of conduct. Certain states and local
jurisdictions also require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. Compliance with these federal and state laws is
difficult and time consuming, and companies that do not comply with these state laws are exposed to liabilities and civil penalties. 

32 

Efforts
to ensure that business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations involve substantial costs.
If a drug company s operations are found to be in violation of any such requirements, it may be subject to significant penalties,
including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, the curtailment or restructuring
of its operations, loss of eligibility to obtain approvals from the FDA, exclusion from participation in government contracting, healthcare
reimbursement or other federal or state government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting
obligations, imprisonment, and reputational harm. Although effective compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution
for violations of these laws, these risks cannot be entirely eliminated. Any action for an alleged or suspected violation can cause a
drug company to incur significant legal expenses and divert management s attention from the operation of the business, even if
such action is successfully defended. 

Healthcare
Reform 

In
March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, each as amended,
collectively known as the ACA, was enacted, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private
insurers, and significantly affected the pharmaceutical industry. The ACA contained a number of provisions, including those governing
enrollment in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement adjustments and changes to fraud and abuse laws. Additionally, the ACA: 

increased
 the minimum level of Medicaid rebates payable by manufacturers of brand name drugs from 15.1 
 to 23.1 of the average manufacturer price; 

required
 collection of rebates for drugs paid by Medicaid managed care organizations; 

required
 manufacturers to participate in a coverage gap discount program, under which they must agree
 to offer 70 percent point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs
 to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s
 outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and 

imposed
 a non-deductible annual fee on pharmaceutical manufacturers or importers who sell branded
 prescription drugs to specified federal government programs. 

Since
its enactment, there have been judicial, executive and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. For example, in June 2021
the U.S. Supreme Court held that Texas and other challengers had no legal standing to challenge the ACA, dismissing the case on procedural
grounds without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Thus, the ACA will remain in effect in its current form. It
is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how any such challenges
and healthcare measures promulgated by the Biden administration will impact the ACA, our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

Other
legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted, including aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to
providers of 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect in April 2013 and will remain in effect through 2031, with the exception of a
temporary suspension implemented under various COVID-19 relief legislation from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, unless additional
action is taken by Congress. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments can vary from 1 in 2022 to up to
4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. 

Moreover,
there has recently been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products,
which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other
things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform
government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. For example, under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, effective
January 1, 2024, the statutory cap on Medicaid Drug Rebate Program rebates that manufacturers pay to state Medicaid programs will be
eliminated. Elimination of this cap may require pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay more in rebates than it receives on the sale of products,
which could have a material impact on our business. In August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes prescription drug provisions
that have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government
to negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers
that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs,
with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce out-of-pocket
prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. The impact of these regulations and any future healthcare measures and agency rules implemented
by the Biden administration on us and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole is currently unknown. 

At
the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product
pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure
and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. For example,
a number of states are considering or have recently enacted state drug price transparency and reporting laws that could substantially
increase our compliance burdens and expose us to greater liability under such state laws once we begin commercialization after obtaining
regulatory approval for any of our products. 

Coverage
and Reimbursement 

Significant
uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidate for which we may seek regulatory approval. Sales
in the U.S. will depend, in part, on the availability of sufficient coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors, which
include government health programs such as Medicare, Medicaid, TRICARE and the Veterans Administration, as well as managed care organizations
and private health insurers. Prices at which we or our customers seek reimbursement for our product candidates can be subject to challenge,
reduction or denial by third-party payors. 

The
process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a product is typically separate from the process for setting
the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product. A third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a product
does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be available. Additionally, in the U.S. there is no uniform policy among payors
for coverage or reimbursement. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own
coverage and reimbursement policies, but also have their own methods and approval processes. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for
products can differ significantly from payor to payor. If coverage and adequate reimbursement are not available, or are available only
at limited levels, successful commercialization of, and obtaining a satisfactory financial return on, any product we develop may not
be possible. 

33 

Third-party
payors are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services,
in addition to their safety and efficacy. In order to obtain coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for marketing,
we may need to conduct
expensive studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of any products, which would be in addition to
the costs expended to obtain regulatory approvals. Third-party payors may not consider our product candidates to be medically necessary
or cost-effective compared to other available therapies, or the rebate percentages required to secure favorable coverage may not yield
an adequate margin over cost or may not enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment
in drug development. 

We
are developing a new drug product, RenovoGem, which is intra-arterial gemcitabine delivered via the proprietary RenovoCath delivery system.
If the drug is approved, it is expected to be sold together with the catheter used to administer the drug in the National Drug Code (NDC)
created when the drug receives FDA approval. The reimbursement pathway involves separate payments for the drug product and for the occlusion
procedure to administer it. As to the latter, it is anticipated that the procedure is accurately described by an existing code with existing
payment levels. Given the expectation that the drug will be a novel, non-generic drug, a unique code and payment based on pricing information
for the product should be established. 

For
the reasons discussed above, we believe there is a clear path to reimbursement for RenovoGem and its related procedure in both the hospital
outpatient and physician office settings (which may include freestanding entities such as catheterization laboratories). As is typical
for a product still in clinical development, it is difficult to predict whether there would be any Medicare coverage obstacles, which
there usually are not for FDA approved drugs being used for on-label use. We believe the most important step we can take to enhance reimbursement
for our products is the development of published, peer-reviewed clinical literature supporting their clinical benefit. 

Competition 

The
oncology biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies and strong competition. While
we believe that our knowledge, leadership, experience, scientific resources, intellectual property, regulatory barriers, and the advanced
stage of our clinical development provide us with competitive advantages, we may face competition from major pharmaceutical companies,
specialty pharmaceutical companies, and biotechnology companies, worldwide. Many potential competitors have substantially greater scientific,
research, financial, technical, and/or human resources than we do. 

Many
companies are active in the oncology market both in terms of commercially marketed products and products in development that could potentially
compete with our products and product candidates for the treatment of solid tumors. Any product candidates that we successfully develop
and commercialize may compete directly with approved and/or new therapies that may be approved in the future. Our competitors may also
obtain FDA or foreign regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for our product candidates which
could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position prior to us entering the market. Key competitive factors affecting
the success of our product candidates, if approved, are likely to be their safety, efficacy, convenience, price, and the availability
of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. Many companies are developing new therapeutics and we cannot predict what
the standard of care will be as our product candidate progresses through clinical development. 

Currently,
there are a number of companies in Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of LAPC including Angiodynamics, Bausch Health, Fibrogen,
NovoCure, and SynCore Biotechnology. We are aware of a number of companies in Phase I and Phase II clinical trials for the treatment
of LAPC including one interventional company, TriSalus Lifesciences. 

Many
of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technological, research and development, marketing and personnel resources.
In addition, some of our competitors have considerable experience in conducting clinical trials, regulatory, manufacturing and commercialization
capabilities. Our competitors may develop alternative treatment methods, or achieve earlier product development, in which case the likelihood
of us achieving meaningful revenues or profitability will be substantially reduced. 

Employees
and Human Capital Resources 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we had nine employees. None of our employees are represented
by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We focus on employee engagement and believe our relationship
with our employees is good. We have 14 key consultants in the areas of quality, regulatory, finance, legal, clinical, and marketing. 

Our
human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, and incentivizing our existing employees.
The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based
and cash-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals
to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 

Facilities 

Our
administrative headquarters is located at 4546 El Camino Real, Suite B1, Los Altos, CA 94022. The office space is approximately 1,480
square feet, and we rent on a month-to-month basis. We believe that our facility is adequate for our current operations
and purposes, and that suitable additional or alternative space will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms, if
required. 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we are engaged in various legal actions, claims and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, none of which
are expected to be material. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the
other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and the related notes and the section titled
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and in our other public filings
in evaluating our business. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition,
results of operations, growth prospects or stock price. In such an event, the market
price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently
known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations and the market price of our common stock. 

34 

Risk
Factors Summary 

Investing
in shares of our common stock involves a high degree of risk because our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including
those outside of our control, that could cause our actual results to be harmed. The principal factors and uncertainties that make investing
in shares of our common stock risky and impact our ability to execute on our business strategy include risks regarding the following,
among others: 

We
 are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, have a limited operating history and have
 no drug/device combination products approved for commercial sale, which makes it difficult
 to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. 

We
 have incurred significant net losses in each period since inception, and we expect to continue
 to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. 

We
 will need to raise substantial additional capital to develop and commercialize RenovoGem,
 and our failure to obtain funding when needed may force us to delay, reduce or eliminate
 our product development programs or collaboration efforts. As a result, there is substantial
 doubt about our ability to operate as a going concern. 

Our
 product candidates commercial viability remains subject to current and future preclinical
 studies, clinical trials, regulatory approvals, and the risks generally inherent in the development
 of a pharmaceutical product candidate. If we are unable to successfully advance or develop
 our product candidates, our business will be materially harmed. 

If
 we do not achieve our projected development goals in the timeframes we announce and expect,
 our stock price may decline. 

Our
 product candidates may exhibit undesirable side effects when used alone or in combination
 with other approved pharmaceutical products or investigational new drugs, which may delay
 or preclude further development or regulatory approval or limit their use if approved. 

If
 the results of preclinical studies or clinical trials for our product candidates are negative, we could be delayed or precluded from the further development or commercialization
 of our product candidates, which could materially harm our business. 

If
 we are unable to satisfy regulatory requirements, we may not be able to commercialize our
 product candidates. 

If
 our product candidates are unable to compete effectively with marketed drugs targeting similar
 indications as our product candidates, our commercial opportunity will be reduced or eliminated. 

We
 may delay or terminate the development of our product candidates at any time if we believe
 the perceived market or commercial opportunity does not justify further investment, which
 could materially harm our business. 

Our
 future success depends on our ability to retain our key personnel and to attract, retain,
 and motivate qualified personnel, especially in light of an acute workforce shortage and
 hyper-competitive compensation environment. 

If
 we are unable to protect our intellectual property effectively, we may be unable to prevent
 third parties from using our technologies, which would impair our competitive advantage. 

The
 patents issued to us may not be broad enough to provide any meaningful protection, one or
 more of our competitors may develop more effective technologies, designs, or methods without
 infringing our intellectual property rights and one or more of our competitors may design
 around our proprietary technologies. 

The
 market price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially, which could
 result in substantial losses for our investors. 

In
addition, we face other risks and uncertainties that may materially affect our business prospects, financial condition, and results of
operations. You should consider the risks discussed in Risk Factors and in our other public filings before investing in
our securities. 

Risks
Related to Our Business, Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 

We
are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, have a limited operating history and have no drug/device combination products approved
for commercial sale, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. 

We
are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects.
While RenovoCath, a drug delivery medical device, has been separately cleared by the FDA for the isolation of blood flow and delivery
of fluids, including diagnostic and/or therapeutic agents, to selected sites in the peripheral vascular system, and for temporary vessel
occlusion in applications including arteriography, preoperative occlusion, and chemotherapeutic drug infusion, we are focused on developing
and commercializing drug product candidates in combination with our delivery platform technology. We have no drug/device combination
products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. We are developing a novel therapy platform,
which is an unproven and highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. Our
first product candidate, RenovoGem, is a drug/device combination product consisting of intra-arterial gemcitabine and RenovoCath. The
FDA has determined that RenovoGem will be regulated as, and if approved we expect will be reimbursed as, a new oncology drug product.
 To date, we have not obtained marketing approval for any drug/device combination product candidates, manufactured a commercial
scale product or arranged for a third-party to do so on our behalf, or conducted sales and marketing activities necessary for successful
product commercialization. Our limited operating history as a company makes any assessment of our future success and viability subject
to significant uncertainty. As a result, it may be more difficult for investors to accurately predict our likelihood of success and viability
than it could be if we had a longer operating history. 

We
will encounter expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other known and unknown factors and risks frequently experienced by
clinical stage biopharmaceutical companies in rapidly evolving fields. We also may need to transition from a company with a research
and clinical development focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities. We have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully
overcome such risks and difficulties, or to make such a transition. If we do not adequately address these risks and difficulties or successfully
make such a transition, our business will suffer. 

35 

We
have incurred significant net losses in each period since inception, and we expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable
future. 

We
are a clinical stage company and have incurred significant losses since our formation. As of December 31, 2022, we have an accumulated
total deficit of approximately 31.2 million. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had net losses of approximately
 9.9 million and 6.3 million, respectively. To date, we have experienced negative cash flow from the development of our product candidate,
RenovoGem, our platform technology, RenovoTAMP, and our RenovoCath delivery system. We have not generated any revenue from operations,
and we expect to incur substantial net losses for the foreseeable future as we seek to further develop and commercialize RenovoGem and
expand our pipeline of product candidates. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing and commercializing
RenovoGem, we are unable to predict the extent of any future losses or when we will attain profitability, if ever. Investors in our common
stock must carefully consider the substantial challenges, risks and uncertainties inherent in the attempted development and commercialization
of RenovoGem. We may never successfully commercialize RenovoGem, and our business may not be successful. 

Our
product candidates will require substantial additional development time and resources before we will be able to receive regulatory approvals,
if any, and, if approved, to begin generating revenue from product sales. As a result, we expect that will be several years, if ever,
before we receive approval to commercialize a product and generate revenue from product sales. Even if we succeed in receiving marketing
approval for and commercializing one or more of our product candidates, we expect that we will continue to incur substantial expenses
and increasing operating losses in the foreseeable future. The amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the level of
our future expenditure and revenue. Moreover, our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year, such
that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a good indication of our future performance. If we are unable
to generate significant revenue from RenovoGem or attain profitability, we will not be able to sustain operations. 

We
anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: 

continue
 our research and discovery activities; 

continue
 the development of our proprietary technology platform; 

progress
 our current and any future product candidates through preclinical and clinical development;

initiate
 and conduct additional preclinical, clinical, or other studies for our product candidates;

work
 with our contract manufacturing organizations to manufacture RenovoCath and our other product
 candidates for our clinical trials; 

change
 or add additional contract manufacturers or suppliers; 

seek
 regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for our product candidates; 

establish
 sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which
 we obtain approval; 

take
 steps to seek protection of our intellectual property and defend our intellectual property
 against challenges from third parties; 

obtain,
 expand, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property portfolio; 

pursue
 any licensing or collaboration opportunities; 

attract,
 hire, and retain key and qualified personnel including clinical, scientific, management,
 and administrative personnel; 

provide
 additional internal infrastructure to support our continued research and development operations
 and any planned commercialization efforts in the future; 

experience
 any delays or encounter other issues related to our operations; 

implement
 operations, financial, and management information systems; 

meet
 the requirements and demands of being a public company; and 

defend
 against any product liability claims or other lawsuits related to our products. 

Our
prior operating losses and expected future net losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders 
equity, working capital, and our ability to fund our development efforts and achieve and maintain profitability. In any particular period,
our operating results could be below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, or such analysts or investors could perceive
these results to be negative, which could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 

We
will need to raise substantial additional capital to develop and commercialize RenovoGem, and our failure to obtain funding when needed
may force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or collaboration efforts. If we do not obtain adequate and
timely funding, we may not be able to continue as a going concern. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities of 6.4 million. Due to our recurring operating
losses and the expectation that we will continue to incur net losses in the future, we will be required to raise additional capital to
complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. We have historically financed our operations primarily through
private sales of our equity, debt financing and the sale of common stock and warrants in our initial public offering, or IPO. To raise
additional capital, we may seek to sell additional equity and/or debt securities, obtain a credit facility or other loan or enter into
collaborations, licenses or other similar arrangements, which we may not be able to do on favorable terms, or at all. For example, we
have filed an omnibus shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that provides for aggregate offerings of up to 50 million of the Company s
securities subject to various limitations, including limited sales in any twelve-month period while we are subject to the baby-shelf 
rules. We also have filed a registration statement on Form S-1 to register the cash exercise of our outstanding warrants, with such cash
exercise only expected to occur when the trading price of our common stock is in excess of the 10.80 per share exercise price of our
outstanding warrants. Our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions,
fluctuations in interest rates, our operating performance and investor sentiment. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required
or on acceptable terms, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development and/or commercialization of our
product candidates, restrict or cease our operations or obtain funds by entering into agreements on unfavorable terms.
Failure to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all, would result in a material and adverse impact on our operations.
As a result, there is substantial doubt about our ability to operate as a going concern. 

36 

Our
financial statements as of December 31, 2022 have been prepared on a going concern basis and do not include any adjustments that may
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we fail to raise additional working capital, or do so on commercially unfavorable terms,
it would materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, and we may be unable
to continue as a going concern. As a result, there is substantial doubt about our ability to operate as
a going concern. If we seek additional financing to fund our business activities in the future and there remains substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, investors or other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding
to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, we might have to liquidate our assets
and the value we receive for our assets in liquidation or dissolution could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our financial
statements, and our shareholders may lose their entire investment in our ordinary shares. 

Risks
Related to the Discovery, Development, and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 

Our
product candidates commercial viability remains subject to current and future preclinical studies, clinical trials, regulatory
approvals, and the risks generally inherent in the development of a pharmaceutical product candidate. If we are unable to successfully
advance or develop our product candidate, our business will be materially harmed. 

In
the near-term, failure to successfully advance the development of any of our product candidates may have a material adverse effect on
us. To date, we have not successfully developed or commercially marketed, distributed, or sold any product candidate. The success of
our business depends primarily upon our ability to successfully advance the development of our current and future product candidates
through preclinical studies and clinical trials, have the product candidates approved for sale by the FDA or regulatory authorities in
other countries, and ultimately have the product candidates successfully commercialized by us or a commercial partner. We cannot assure
you that the results of our ongoing preclinical studies or clinical trials will support or justify the continued development of our product
candidates, or that we will receive regulatory approval from the FDA, or similar regulatory authorities in other countries, to advance
the development of our product candidates. 

Our
product candidates must satisfy rigorous regulatory standards of safety and efficacy before we can advance or complete their clinical
development, or before they can be approved for sale. To satisfy these standards, we must engage in expensive and lengthy preclinical
studies and clinical trials, develop acceptable manufacturing processes, and obtain regulatory approval. Despite these efforts, the FDA
could delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons, including because the FDA: 

may
 not deem our product candidate to be safe and effective; 

determines
 that the product candidate does not have an acceptable benefit-risk profile; 

may
 not agree that the data collected from preclinical studies and clinical trials are acceptable
 or sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory
 approval, and may impose requirements for additional preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

may
 determine that adverse events experienced by participants in our clinical trials represent
 an unacceptable level of risk; 

may
 determine that population studied in the clinical trial may not be sufficiently broad or
 representative to assure safety in the full population for which we seek approval; 

may
 disagree regarding the formulation, labeling and/or the specifications; 

may
 not approve the manufacturing processes associated with our product candidate or may determine
 that a manufacturing facility does not have an acceptable compliance status; 

may
 conclude there are CMC issues that preclude approval of the NDA; 

may
 conclude that the drug substance or drug product manufacturing process is not in a state
 of control or does not meet cGMP or all the regulatory requirements; 

may
 conclude that the medical device manufacturing process for the drug/device combination product
 candidate is not in a state of control or does not meet all the regulatory requirements; 

may
 not be able to timely conduct the necessary pre-approval inspection or devote sufficient
 resources to NDA review on a timely basis due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 

may
 change approval policies or adopt new regulations; or 

may
 not file a submission due to, among other reasons, the content or formatting of the submission. 

If
we experience delays in obtaining approval or if we fail to obtain approval of RenovoGem, our commercial prospects will be harmed and
our ability to generate revenues will be materially impaired which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
cannot assure you that the results of late-stage clinical trials will be favorable enough to support the continued development of our
product candidates. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industries have experienced significant delays,
setbacks and failures in all stages of development, including late-stage clinical trials, even after achieving promising results in preclinical
testing or early-stage clinical trials. Accordingly, results from completed preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials of our
product candidates may not be predictive of the results we may obtain in later-stage trials. Furthermore, even if the data collected
from preclinical studies and clinical trials involving our product candidates demonstrate a favorable safety and efficacy profile, such
results may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA to obtain regulatory approval from the FDA in the U.S., or other similar
regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions, which is required to market and sell the product. Even if we are successful in obtaining
approval in one jurisdiction, we may not be successful in obtaining approval in any other jurisdictions. If we are unable to obtain approval
for our product candidates in multiple jurisdictions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and our growth prospects
could be negatively affected. 

37 

Our
product candidates will require significant additional research and development efforts, the commitment of substantial financial resources,
and regulatory approvals prior to advancing into further clinical development or being commercialized by us or collaborators. Additionally,
changes in regulations as part of a
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the effects of recent variants, may require us to change the ways in which our clinical
trials are conducted, or to discontinue clinical trials altogether, or which may result in unexpected costs. We cannot assure you that
our product candidates will successfully progress through the drug development process or will result in commercially viable products.
We do not expect our product candidates to be commercialized by us or collaborators for at least several years. 

If
we do not achieve our projected development goals in the timeframes we announce and expect, our stock price may decline. 

From
time to time, we estimate the timing of the anticipated accomplishment of various scientific, clinical, regulatory and other product
development goals, which we sometimes refer to as milestones. These milestones may include the commencement or completion of scientific
studies and clinical trials and the submission of regulatory filings. From time to time, we may publicly announce the expected timing
of some of these milestones. All of these milestones are and will be based on numerous assumptions. The actual timing of these milestones
can vary dramatically compared to our estimates, in some cases for reasons beyond our control. If we do not meet these milestones as
publicly announced, our stock price may decline. 

Our
product candidates may exhibit undesirable side effects when used alone or in combination with other approved pharmaceutical products
or investigational new drugs, which may delay or preclude further development or regulatory approval or limit their use if approved. 

Throughout
the drug development process, we must continually demonstrate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of our product candidates to obtain
regulatory approval to further advance clinical development or to market them. Even if our product candidates demonstrate clinical efficacy,
any unacceptable, adverse side effects or toxicities, when administered alone or in the presence of other pharmaceutical products, which
can arise at any stage of development, may outweigh the potential benefits. In preclinical studies and clinical trials we have conducted
to date, each of our product candidate s tolerability profile is based on studies and trials that have involved a small number
of subjects or patients over a limited period of time. We may observe adverse or significant adverse events or drug-drug interactions
in future preclinical studies or clinical trial candidates, which could result in the delay or termination of development, prevent regulatory
approval, or limit market acceptance if ultimately approved. 

If
the results of preclinical studies or clinical trials for our product candidates, including those that are subject to existing or future
license or collaboration agreements, are unfavorable or delayed, we could be delayed or precluded from the further development or commercialization
of our product candidates, which could materially harm our business. 

To
further advance the development of, and ultimately receive regulatory approval to sell, our product candidates, we must conduct extensive
preclinical studies and clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA or similar regulatory
authorities in other countries, as the case may be. Preclinical studies and clinical trials are expensive, complex, can take many years
to complete, and have highly uncertain outcomes. Delays, setbacks, or failures can occur at any time, or in any phase of preclinical
or clinical testing, and can result from concerns about safety or toxicity, a lack of demonstrated efficacy or superior efficacy over
other similar products that have been approved for sale or are in more advanced stages of development, poor study or trial design, and
issues related to the formulation or manufacturing process of the materials used to conduct the trials. The results of prior preclinical
studies or clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of the results we may observe in later stage clinical trials. In many cases,
product candidates in clinical development may fail to show desired safety, efficacy or tolerability characteristics despite having favorably
demonstrated such characteristics in preclinical studies or earlier stage clinical trials. 

In
addition, we may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, preclinical studies and the clinical trial process,
which could delay or impede our ability to advance the development of, receive regulatory approval for, or commercialize our product
candidate, including, but not limited to: 

communications
 with the FDA, or similar regulatory authorities in different countries, regarding the scope
 or design of a trial or trials; 

regulatory
 authorities, including an Institutional Review Board IRB or Ethical Committee
 EC ), not authorizing us to commence or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective
 trial site; 

enrollment
 in our clinical trials being delayed, or proceeding at a slower pace than we expected, because
 our clinical trial sites have staffing shortages or are unable to recruit/retain qualified
 staff, or we have difficulty recruiting patients, including as a result of competing clinical
 trials, or participants dropping out of our clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipated; 

our
 third-party contractors, upon whom we rely for conducting preclinical studies, clinical trials
 and manufacturing of our trial materials, may fail to comply with regulatory requirements,
 fail to meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or terminate their relationship
 with us; 

having
 to suspend or ultimately terminate our clinical trials if participants are being exposed
 to unacceptable health or safety risks; 

IRBs,
 ECs, or regulators requiring that we hold, suspend or terminate our preclinical studies and
 clinical trials for various reasons, including non-compliance with regulatory requirements
 or due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the effects of recent variants;
 and 

the
 supply or quality of drug material or the supply of our RenovoCath device necessary to conduct
 our preclinical studies or clinical trials being insufficient, inadequate, or unavailable,
 especially in light of the supply chain issues caused by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Even
if the data collected from preclinical studies or clinical trials involving our product candidates demonstrate a favorable safety and
efficacy profile, such results may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA to obtain regulatory approval from the FDA in
the U.S., or other similar foreign regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions, which is required to market and sell the product. 

We
may be required to perform additional or unanticipated clinical trials to obtain approval or be subject to additional post-marketing
testing requirements to maintain regulatory approval. In addition, regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of a product or
impose restrictions on our distribution, such as in the form of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS. The failure to obtain
timely regulatory approval of product candidates, any product marketing limitations or a product withdrawal would materially and adversely
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

38 

Interim,
preliminary or topline data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become
available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 

From
time to time, we may publish interim, preliminary or topline data from clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may
complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and
more patient data becomes available. Preliminary or topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result
in the final data being materially different from the preliminary or topline data previously published. As a result, interim, preliminary
and topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available.
Adverse differences between interim, preliminary or topline data and final data could significantly harm our reputation and business
prospects. Moreover, preliminary, interim and topline data are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially
change as more patient data become available when patients mature on study, patient enrollment continues or as other ongoing or future
clinical trials with a product candidate further develop. Past results of clinical trials may not be predictive of future results. In
addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically
more extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information
to include in our disclosure. Any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future
decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular product candidate or our business. Similarly, even if we
are able to complete our planned and ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates according to our current
development timeline, the positive results from such preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates may not be replicated
in subsequent preclinical studies or clinical trial results. 

If
third party vendors upon whom we intend to rely on to conduct our preclinical studies or clinical trials do not perform or fail to comply
with strict regulations, these studies or trials of our product candidate may be delayed, terminated, or fail, or we could incur significant
additional expenses, which could materially harm our business. 

We
have limited resources dedicated to designing, conducting, and managing preclinical studies and clinical trials. We intend to rely on
third parties, including clinical research organizations, consultants, and principal investigators, to assist us in designing, managing,
monitoring and conducting our preclinical studies and clinical trials. We intend to rely on these vendors and individuals to perform
many facets of the drug development process, including certain preclinical studies, the recruitment of sites and patients for participation
in our clinical trials, maintenance of good relations with the clinical sites, and ensuring that these sites are conducting our trials
in compliance with the trial protocol, including safety monitoring and applicable regulations. If these third parties fail to perform
satisfactorily, or do not adequately fulfill their obligations under the terms of our agreements with them, or terminate their relationship
with us, we may not be able to enter into alternative arrangements without undue delay or additional expenditures, and therefore the
preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidate may be delayed or prove unsuccessful. For example, the investigators
we currently use for our clinical trials are not our employees and we cannot control the amount or timing of resources that they devote
to our programs. If these investigators fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our clinical trial, fail to enroll patients as
rapidly as expected, or otherwise do not perform in a satisfactory manner, we may make elect to close such clinical trial site, which
may increase our expenses, require additional attention from our clinical team and delay our clinical trial timeline and regulatory approval.
Further, the FDA, or other similar foreign regulatory authorities, may inspect some of the clinical sites participating in our clinical
trials in the U.S., or our third-party vendors sites, to determine if our clinical trials are being conducted according to good
clinical practice, or GCP. If we or the FDA determine that our third-party vendors are not in compliance with, or have not conducted
our clinical trials according to, applicable regulations we may be forced to delay, repeat, or terminate such clinical trials. Additionally,
certain third parties with whom we engage or may engage for preclinical studies or clinical studies may have to adjust their operations
or limit their capacity in light of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the effects of recent variants. 

We
have limited capacity for recruiting and managing clinical trials, which could impair our timing to initiate or complete clinical trials
of our product candidate and materially harm our business. 

We
have limited capacity to recruit and manage the clinical trials necessary to obtain FDA approval or approval by other regulatory authorities.
By contrast, larger pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies often have substantial staff with extensive experience in conducting
clinical trials with multiple product candidates across multiple indications. In addition, they may have greater financial resources
to compete for the same clinical investigators and patients that we are attempting to recruit for our clinical trials. If potential competitors
are successful in completing drug development for their product candidates and obtain approval from the FDA, they could limit the demand
to participate in clinical trials of our product candidates. As a result, we may be at a competitive disadvantage that could delay the
initiation, recruitment, timing, and completion of our clinical trials, as well as obtaining regulatory approvals, if at all, for our
product candidates. 

We,
and our collaborators, if any, must comply with extensive government regulations in order to advance our product candidates through the
development process and ultimately obtain and maintain marketing approval for our products in the U.S. and abroad. 

The
product candidates that we, or our collaborators, are developing or may develop require regulatory approval to advance through clinical
development and to ultimately be marketed and sold and are subject to extensive and rigorous domestic and foreign government regulation.
In the U.S., the FDA regulates, among other things, the development, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, record-keeping, labeling,
storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, and distribution of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products. Our product candidates
are also subject to similar regulation by foreign governments to the extent we seek to develop or market them in those countries. We,
or our collaborators, must provide the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities, if applicable, with preclinical and clinical data, as
well as data supporting an acceptable manufacturing process, that appropriately demonstrate each of our product candidate s safety
and efficacy before it can be approved for the targeted indications. Our product candidates have not been approved for sale in the U.S.
or any foreign market, and we cannot predict whether we or our collaborators will obtain regulatory approval for any product candidates
we are developing or plan to develop. The regulatory review and approval process can take many years, is dependent upon the type, complexity,
novelty of, and medical need for the product candidate, requires the expenditure of substantial resources, and involves post-marketing
surveillance and vigilance and potentially post-marketing studies or Phase IV clinical trials. In addition, we or our collaborators may
encounter delays in, or fail to gain, regulatory approval for any of our product candidates based upon additional governmental regulation
resulting from future legislative, administrative action or changes in FDA s or other similar foreign regulatory authorities 
policy or interpretation during the period of product development. Delays or failures in obtaining regulatory approval to advance any
of our product candidates through clinical development, and ultimately to commercialize them, may: 

adversely
 impact our ability to raise sufficient capital, if at all, to fund the development of our
 product candidates; 

adversely
 affect our ability to further develop or commercialize our product candidates; 

diminish
 any competitive advantages that we or our collaborators may have or attain; or 

adversely
 affect the receipt of potential milestone payments and royalties from collaborators, if any,
 from the sale of our products or product revenues in the future. 

Furthermore,
any regulatory approvals, if granted, may later be withdrawn. If we or our collaborators fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements
at any time, or if post-approval safety concerns arise, we or our collaborators may be subject to restrictions or a number of actions,
including: 

delays,
 suspension, or termination of clinical trials related to our product candidates; 

39 

refusal
 by regulatory authorities to review pending applications or supplements to approved applications; 

product
 recalls or seizures; 

suspension
 of manufacturing; 

withdrawals
 of previously approved marketing applications; or 

fines,
 civil penalties, and criminal prosecutions. 

Additionally,
at any time we or our collaborators may voluntarily suspend or terminate the preclinical or clinical development of a product candidate,
or withdraw any approved product from the market if we believe that it may pose an unacceptable safety risk to patients, or if the product
candidate or approved product no longer meets our business objectives. The ability to develop or market a pharmaceutical product outside
of the U.S. is contingent upon receiving appropriate authorization from the respective foreign regulatory authorities. Foreign regulatory
approval processes typically include many, if not all, of the risks and requirements associated with the FDA regulatory process for drug
development and may include additional risks. Additionally, results acceptable to support approval in one jurisdiction may be deemed
inadequate by another regulatory authority to support regulatory approval in that other jurisdiction. 

Clinical
trials involve a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive
of future trial results. 

Our
product candidates may not prove to be safe and efficacious in clinical trials and may not meet all the applicable regulatory requirements
needed to receive regulatory approval. To receive regulatory approval for the commercialization of our product candidates, we must conduct,
at our own expense, extensive preclinical testing and clinical trials to demonstrate safety and efficacy of our product candidate for
the intended indication of use. Clinical testing is expensive, can take many years to complete, if at all, and its outcome is uncertain.
Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. 

The
results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of new drugs do not necessarily predict the results of later-stage clinical
trials. The design of our clinical trials is based on many assumptions about the expected effects of our product candidate, and if those
assumptions are incorrect, they may not produce statistically significant results. Preliminary results may not be confirmed on full analysis
of the detailed results of a clinical trial. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development may fail to show safety and efficacy
sufficient to support intended use claims despite having progressed through earlier clinical testing. The data collected from clinical
trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the filing of an NDA or to obtain regulatory approval in the United
States or elsewhere. Because of the uncertainties associated with drug development and regulatory approvals, we cannot determine if or
when we will have an approved product for commercialization or achieve sales or profits. 

Delays
in clinical testing could result in increased costs to us and delay our ability to generate revenue. 

We
may experience delays in clinical testing of our product candidates. We do not know whether planned clinical trials will begin on time,
will need to be redesigned or will be completed on schedule, if at all, especially in light of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including the effects of recent variants. From time to time, based on our experience with a clinical trial, we may amend the clinical
trial protocol to address any issues that we observe as the trial is progressing, including in response to COVID-19 related factors or
other factors impacting safety and the data collected, or we may be required to make certain changes in response to issues raised by
the FDA, IRB, other regulatory authorities, investigators or clinical sites. Protocol amendments are subject to IRB and regulatory approval
before we implement material changes, can result in additional costs, require additional data or participants, and may negatively impact
the timelines for the trial. For example, in December 2021, we amended the protocol for our Phase III clinical trial to only allow SBRT
patients during the induction phase of the study, as we observed a higher drop-out rate for patients on IMRT. As part of this change,
we initiated a review of the statistical considerations for the study and in June 2022, submitted a Modified SAP to FDA. We submitted
a protocol amendment to FDA in the second half of 2022 to reflect the changes in the Modified SAP. Under the modified Phase III clinical
trial protocol and the Modified SAP, we plan to (i) analyze only patients receiving SBRT, consistent with the protocol change made in
December 2021, (ii) include a second interim analysis, (iii) change the total number of SBRT patients randomized in the study to 114
(a reduction from the original 200 patients), with a total of 86 deaths from SBRT patients, including all deaths from SBRT patients enrolled
in the study before the submission of the Modified SAP, and (iv) repower the study from 90 to 80 , which is commonly used in clinical
trials. To date, we have not received any comments or objections from the FDA on the Modified SAP, which we submitted to the FDA in June
2022. We cannot provide assurance that the FDA will not raise any objections or disagree with our Modified SAP or the protocol amendments.
We can provide no assurance on the timing of any of our interim analyses or when we will complete our Phase III study, if at all, or
the outcome of the study. Disclosure of findings from our interim analyses before the completion of the trial may also impact the enrollment
or retention of patients in our ongoing clinical trial. The changes in our study protocol may limit the clinical trial sites that can
participate in our study, impact enrollment, and delay regulatory approval. If the FDA objects to our protocol amendments or Modified
SAP, we may be required to expand the size of our study, increase the power level, or make other changes that can delay our clinical
timelines and delay regulatory approval. Further, to the extent protocol amendments impact the
data needed to support our proposed indication, the indication that is ultimately approved by the FDA or other regulatory authorities
may be narrower than the indication initially sought. The FDA and other regulatory authorities may also impose other restrictions in
our proposed labeling, which could have a material adverse effect on the prospects of our product candidates, if approved, and our business. 

Clinical
trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including pandemics, delays in obtaining regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial,
in securing clinical trial agreements with prospective sites with acceptable terms, in obtaining IRB approval to conduct a clinical trial
at a prospective site, in recruiting patients to participate in a clinical trial or in obtaining sufficient supplies of clinical trial
materials, including RenovoCath. Many factors affect patient enrollment, including the size of the patient population, the proximity
of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the clinical trial, the existing body of safety and efficacy data with respect
to the study drug, competing clinical trials, new drugs approved for the conditions we are investigating, clinicians and patients 
perceptions of the potential advantages and side effects of the product candidates being studied in relation to other available therapies
and product candidates, and health epidemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Clinical investigators will need to decide whether to offer
their patients enrollment in clinical trials of our product candidate versus treating these patients with commercially available drugs
that have established safety and efficacy profiles. Any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our
product development, timeliness and approval process, and delay our ability to generate revenue. 

40 

The
regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable,
and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 

The
time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities is unpredictable but it typically takes many years
following the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the
regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain
approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. We have
not obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate and it is possible that any of our existing product candidates, or any
product candidate we may seek to develop in the future, may never obtain regulatory approval. 

Our
product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation
 of our clinical trials; 

we
 may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
 authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication; 

the
 results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required for
 approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of
 data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

the
 data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support
 the submission of an NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United
 States or elsewhere; 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes
 or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial
 supplies; or 

the
 approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities
 may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

This
lengthy approval process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results may result in our failing to obtain regulatory
approval to market our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations, prospects and our underlying
stock price. 

In
addition, even if we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications
than we request, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a product
candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that
product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for any of our product candidates. 

We
have not previously submitted an NDA to the FDA, nor similar drug approval filings to comparable foreign authorities, for our product
candidates, and we cannot be certain that our product candidates will be successful in clinical trials or receive regulatory approval.
Further, our product candidates may not receive regulatory approval even if they are successful in clinical trials. If we do not receive
regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we may not be able to continue our operations. Even if we successfully obtain regulatory
approvals to market one or more of our product candidates, our revenues will be dependent on many factors including the size of the markets
in the territories for which we gain regulatory approval and have commercial rights. If the markets for patients that we are targeting
for our product candidates are not as significant as we estimate, we may not generate significant revenues from sales of such products,
if approved. 

We
plan to seek regulatory approval and to commercialize our product candidates, directly or with collaborators in the United States, the
European Union, and other foreign countries which we have not yet identified. While the scope of regulatory approval is similar in other
countries, to obtain separate regulatory approval in many other countries we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements
of such countries regarding the safety and efficacy, among other things, of clinical trials and commercial sales, pricing, and distribution
of our product candidates, and we cannot predict success in these jurisdictions. 

We
may be required to suspend or discontinue clinical trials due to unexpected side effects or other safety risks that could preclude approval
of our product candidates. 

Our
clinical trials may be suspended at any time for a number of reasons. For example, we may voluntarily suspend or terminate our clinical
trials if at any time we believe that they present an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. In addition, the FDA or other
regulatory agencies may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of our clinical trials at any time if they believe that the
clinical trials are not being conducted in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements or that they present an unacceptable safety
risk to the clinical trial patients. 

Administering
our product candidates to humans may produce undesirable side effects. These adverse side effects could interrupt, delay or halt clinical
trials of our product candidates and could result in the FDA or other regulatory authorities denying further development or approval
of any of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Ultimately, our product candidates may prove to be unsafe for human
use. Moreover, we could be subject to significant liability if any volunteer or patient suffers, or appears to suffer, adverse health
effects as a result of participating in our clinical trials. Prosecution, enforcement actions, damages or adverse media coverage related
to such events, if any, will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant
defense costs and other professional fees. As a general matter, such events could damage our reputation, brand, international activities,
business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 

If
we fail to comply with healthcare regulations, we could face substantial enforcement actions, including civil and criminal penalties
and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Our
business operations and activities may be directly or indirectly subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including,
without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act. The product candidates that we are developing
are highly regulated, and there can be no assurance that the regulatory environment in which we operate will not change significantly
and adversely in the future. If we begin commercializing any products cleared or approved by the FDA in the United States, our exposure
under such laws will increase significantly, and our costs associated with compliance with such laws are also likely to increase. Our
current and future arrangements with healthcare professionals, clinical investigators, CROs, third-party payors and customers may expose
us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements
and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute our products for which we obtain marketing approval. In addition, we may
be subject to laws of the federal government and state governments in which we conduct our business relating to privacy, data protection
and data security with respect to patient information. 

41 

As
a developer of drug/device combination products and a proprietary drug delivery device, certain federal and state healthcare laws and
regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse, false claims, transparency and patients privacy rights are and will be applicable to
our business. We could be subject to healthcare fraud and abuse laws, transparency and privacy laws of both the federal government and
the states in which we conduct our business and private qui tam actions brought by individual whistleblowers on behalf
of the federal or state governments. The scope and enforcement of each of the laws applicable to our business and products are uncertain
and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform. The laws include: 

the
 federal healthcare program anti-kickback law, which prohibits, among other things, persons
 from soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce either
 the referral of an individual, for an item or service or the purchasing or ordering of a
 good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as
 the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

federal
 false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals, or entities from knowingly
 presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other
 third-party payors that are false or fraudulent, and which may apply to entities like us
 which provide coding and billing information to customers; 

the
 federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, which prohibits executing
 a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to
 healthcare matters and which also imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security
 and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 

the
 federal Open Payments program under the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under Section
 6002 of the ACA and its implementing regulations, which requires certain manufacturers of
 covered drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under
 Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions)
 and applicable group purchasing organizations to report annually to CMS information related
 to payments or other transfers of value made in the previous year to covered recipients,
 including physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and
 chiropractors), certain non-physician healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants
 and nurse practitioners, among others), and teaching hospitals, and information regarding
 ownership and investment interests held by physicians (as defined above) and their immediate
 family members; 

the
 federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, which among other things, strictly regulates drug manufacturing
 and product marketing, prohibits manufacturers from marketing drug products for off-label
 use and regulates the distribution of drug samples; 

federal
 consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities
 and activities that potentially harm consumers; 

federal
 government drug price reporting laws, changed by the ACA to, among other things, increase
 the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by most manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program
 and offer such rebates to additional populations, that require us to calculate and report
 complex pricing metrics to government programs, where such reported prices may be used in
 the calculation of reimbursement or discounts on our marketed drugs (participation in these
 programs and compliance with the applicable requirements may subject us to potentially significant
 discounts on our product candidates, increased infrastructure costs, and potentially limit
 our ability to offer certain marketplace discounts); 

the
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, a United States law which regulates certain financial relationships
 with foreign government officials (which could include, for example, certain medical professionals); 

analogous
 state and foreign laws and regulations, including: state anti-kickback and false claims laws
 which may apply to our business practices, including, but not limited to, research, distribution,
 sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed
 by state governmental and non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers;
 state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s
 voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the
 federal government; state laws that require drug manufacturers to track gifts and other remuneration
 and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; state and local laws
 that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; and state laws that
 require drug manufacturers to report information relating to pricing and marketing information;
 and 

state
 and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances,
 many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal
 laws, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Efforts
to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs.
It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes,
regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws. If our operations are found to be in violation
of any of the laws described above or any governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to greater liabilities, penalties,
including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages,
fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.
Although compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, the risks cannot be
entirely eliminated. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to
incur significant legal expenses and divert management s attention from the operation of our business. 

If
any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business, is found not to be in compliance with applicable
laws, it may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from participation in government
healthcare programs, which could also materially affect our business. 

We
are also subject to U.S. and certain foreign export and import controls, sanctions, embargoes, anti-corruption laws, and anti-money laundering
laws and regulations. Compliance with these legal standards could impair our ability to compete in domestic and international markets.
We can face criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations which can harm our business. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted
broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, contractors, and other partners from authorizing, promising, offering, or
providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to recipients in the public or private sector. We may
engage third parties for clinical trials outside of the United States, to sell our products abroad once we enter a commercialization
phase, or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations, and other regulatory approvals. We may have direct or indirect
interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities, and other organizations.
We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, agents, contractors, and other partners, even if
we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. Any violation of the laws and regulations described above
may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties,
imprisonment, the loss of export or import privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational
harm, and other consequences. 

42 

If
we are unable to satisfy regulatory requirements, we may not be able to commercialize our product candidates. 

We
need FDA approval prior to marketing our product candidates in the United States. This approval process is lengthy and subject to extensive
governmental regulations and given the unpredictability of the results of clinical trials, our failure to obtain regulatory approval
from the FDA to market any of our product candidates would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. Any
delay or failure in seeking or obtaining required approvals from the FDA to market any of our product candidates would have a material
and adverse effect on our ability to sell our product candidates in the United States and to generate revenue from any such candidates
we are developing and for which we are seeking approval. 

The
FDA s review and approval process, including among other things, evaluation of preclinical studies and clinical trials of a product
candidate as well as the manufacturing process and facility, is lengthy, expensive, and uncertain. To receive approval, we must, among
other things, demonstrate with substantial evidence from well-designed and well-controlled preclinical testing and clinical trials that
the product candidates are both safe and effective for each indication for which approval is sought. Satisfaction of these requirements
typically takes several years, and the time needed to satisfy them may vary substantially, based on the type, complexity and novelty
of the pharmaceutical product. We cannot predict if or when we will submit an NDA for approval for any of our product candidates currently
under development. Any approvals we may obtain may not cover all of the clinical indications for which we are seeking approval or may
contain significant limitations on the conditions of use. 

The
FDA has substantial discretion in the NDA review process and may either refuse to file our NDA for substantive review or may decide that
our data is insufficient to support approval of our product candidates for the claimed intended uses. Following any regulatory approval
of our product candidates, we will be subject to continuing regulatory obligations such as safety reporting, required and additional
post marketing obligations, and regulatory oversight of promotion and marketing. Even if we receive regulatory approvals for any of our
product candidates, the FDA may subsequently seek to withdraw approval of our NDA if we determine that new data or a reevaluation of
existing data show the product is unsafe for use under the conditions of use upon the basis of which the NDA was approved, or based on
new evidence of adverse effects or adverse clinical experience, or upon other new information. If the FDA does not file or approve our
NDA or withdraws approval of our NDA, the FDA may require that we conduct additional clinical trials, preclinical or manufacturing studies
and submit that data before it reconsiders our application. Depending on the extent of these or any other requested studies, approval
of any applications that we submit may be delayed by several years, may require us to expend more resources than we have available, or
may never be obtained at all. In addition, we have obtained FDA clearance for our RenovoCath delivery system, which is subject to FDA
medical device regulations, including the Quality System Regulation. In the event adverse events arise with respect to the RenovoCath
delivery system, the FDA could revoke its clearance which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
will also be subject to a wide variety of foreign regulations governing the development, manufacture, and marketing of our products to
the extent we seek regulatory approval to develop and market any of our product candidates in a foreign jurisdiction. As of the date
hereof we have not identified any foreign jurisdictions which we intend to seek approval from. Whether or not FDA approval has been obtained,
approval of a product candidate by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries must still be obtained prior to marketing
the product candidate in those countries. The approval process varies, and the time needed to secure approval in any region such as the
European Union or in a country with an independent review procedure may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. We
cannot assure you that clinical trials conducted in one country will be accepted by other countries or that an approval in one country
or region will result in approval elsewhere. 

Even
after approval, we are subject to extensive regulations. The regulations to which we are subject are complex and have tended to become
more stringent over time. Regulatory changes could result in restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations, higher
than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated sales. The FDA and foreign counterparts enforce these regulatory requirements through,
among other means, periodic unannounced inspections and periodic reviews of public marketing and promotion materials. We do not know
whether we will be found compliant in connection with any future FDA or foreign counterparts inspections or reviews. Failure to
comply with applicable regulations could jeopardize our ability to sell our products and result in enforcement actions such as: warning
letters; untitled letters; fines; injunctions; civil penalties; termination of distribution; recalls or seizures of products; delays
in the introduction of products into the market; total or partial suspension of production; refusal to grant future clearances, approvals,
or certifications; withdrawals or suspensions of current approvals or certifications, resulting in prohibitions on sales of our products;
and in the most serious cases, criminal penalties. 

We
have received Orphan Drug Designation for RenovoGem for two rare diseases: pancreatic cancer and cholangiocarcinoma. We may seek Orphan
Drug Designation for future product candidates, but we may be unable to obtain such designation or to maintain the benefits associated
with Orphan Drug Designation, including market exclusivity, which may cause our revenue, if any, to be reduced. 

To
date, we have secured FDA Orphan Drug Designation for RenovoGem in two rare diseases: pancreatic cancer and cholangiocarcinoma. Although
we may seek Orphan Drug Designation for some or all of our other product candidates, we may never receive such designations. Under the
Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a drug product as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition, defined
as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States
where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug will be recovered from sales in the United States. Orphan
Drug Designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. In the United States, Orphan Drug Designation entitles a party to financial
incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages, and application fee waivers. After the
FDA grants Orphan Drug Designation, the generic identity of the drug and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. 

In
addition, if a drug product receives the first FDA approval for an indication for which it has orphan designation, the drug product is
entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve any other application to market the same drug for the same indication
for a period of seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority over the product with orphan
exclusivity or where the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient product quantity for the orphan patient population. Exclusive marketing
rights in the United States may also be unavailable if we seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan designation and may
be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective. 

Even
if we obtain Orphan Drug Designation, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for any particular indication within the orphan
designation due to uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products, which would have a material adverse effect on our
operations, regulatory approval and ability to commercialize our product candidate. Further, even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity
for a product candidate, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different
active moieties can be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve
the same drug with the same active moiety for the same indication or use if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior
or makes a major contribution to patient care. Orphan Drug Designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time
of a product candidate nor gives the product candidate any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process or entitles the product
candidate to priority review. 

Further, in Catalyst Pharms., Inc. v. Becerra, 14
F.4th 1299 (11th Cir. 2021), the court disagreed with the FDA s longstanding position that the orphan drug exclusivity only applies
to the approved use or indication within an eligible disease. This decision created uncertainty in the application of the orphan drug
exclusivity. On January 24, 2023, the FDA published a notice in the Federal Register to clarify that while the agency complies with the
court s order in Catalyst, the FDA intends to continue to apply its longstanding interpretation of the regulations to matters outside
of the scope of the Catalyst order that is, the agency will continue tying the scope of orphan-drug exclusivity to the uses or
indications for which a drug is approved, which permits other sponsors to obtain approval of a drug for new uses or indications within
the same orphan designated disease or condition that have not yet been approved. It is unclear how future litigation, legislation, agency
decisions, and administrative actions will impact the scope of the orphan drug exclusivity. 

43 

If
our product candidates are unable to compete effectively with marketed drugs targeting similar indications as our product candidates,
our commercial opportunity will be reduced or eliminated. 

We
face competition generally from established pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as from academic institutions, government
agencies and private and public research institutions. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise
in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing
approved products than we do. Small or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative
arrangements with large, established companies. We are aware of a number of companies in Phase III clinical trials for the treatment
of LAPC including Angiodynamics, Bausch Health, FibroGen, Novocure, and SynCore Biotechnology. In addition, we are aware of a number
of companies in Phase I and Phase II clinical trials for the treatment of LAPC including one interventional company, TriSalus Lifesciences.
Our commercial opportunity will be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize any products that are safer, more
effective, have fewer side effects or are less expensive than our product candidates. These potential competitors compete with us in
recruiting and retaining key and qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites, and patient enrollment
for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies and technology licenses complementary to our programs or advantageous to our
business. 

If
approved and commercialized, RenovoGem would compete with several currently approved prescription therapies for the treatment of LAPC
and cholangiocarcinoma. To our knowledge, other potential competitors are in earlier stages of development. If potential competitors
are successful in completing drug development for their product candidates and obtain approval from the FDA, they could limit the demand
for RenovoGem. 

We
expect that our ability to compete effectively will depend upon our ability to: 

successfully
 identify and develop key points of product differentiation from currently available therapies; 

successfully
 and timely complete clinical trials and submit for and obtain all requisite regulatory approvals
 in a cost-effective manner; 

maintain
 a proprietary position for our products and manufacturing processes and other related product
 technology; 

attract
 and retain key and qualified personnel; 

develop
 relationships with physicians prescribing these products; and 

build
 an adequate sales and marketing infrastructure for our products, if approved. 

Because
we will be competing against significantly larger companies with established track records, we will have to demonstrate that, based on
experience, clinical data, side-effect profiles and other factors, our products, if approved, are competitive with other products. If
we are unable to compete effectively and differentiate our products from other marketed drugs, we may never generate meaningful revenue. 

We
may expend our limited resources to pursue one or more product candidates or indications within our product development strategy, which
has and may continue to change over time, and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or
for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Because
we have limited financial and managerial resources, we intend to focus on developing product candidates for specific indications that
we identify as most likely to succeed, in terms of their potential both to gain regulatory approval and to achieve commercialization.
As a result, we may forego or delay the pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or in other indications with greater commercial
potential. Such resource allocation and strategic decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable
market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications
may not yield any commercially viable product candidates. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market
for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing, or
other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization
rights to the product candidate. 

If
the manufacturers upon whom we rely fail to produce our product candidates, in the volumes that we require on a timely basis or fail
to comply with stringent regulations applicable to pharmaceutical drug manufacturers, we may face delays in the development and commercialization
of our product candidates. 

We
do not currently possess internal manufacturing capacity. We plan to utilize the services of cGMP manufacturers, FDA inspected contract
manufacturers to formulate and manufacture our preclinical and clinical supplies. Any curtailment in the availability of gemcitabine,
or RenovoCath, the drug delivery device, however, could result in production or other delays with consequent adverse effects on us. In
addition, because regulatory authorities must generally approve raw material sources for pharmaceutical products, changes in raw material
suppliers may result in production delays or higher raw material costs. 

We
obtain our RenovoCath delivery system from a single source, which must be manufactured in accordance with the FDA Quality System Regulation
(QSR). Gemcitabine is supplied from our clinical sites pharmacies and used off-label for intra-arterial use within our clinical
study. We continue to pursue supply agreements for gemcitabine and our RenovoCath delivery system. We may be required to agree to minimum
volume requirements, exclusivity arrangements or other restrictions with the contract manufacturers. We may not be able to enter into
long-term agreements on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we change or add manufacturers, the FDA and comparable foreign regulators
may require approval of the changes. Approval of these changes could require new testing by the manufacturer and compliance inspections
to ensure the manufacturer is conforming to all applicable laws and regulations and cGMP. 

The
manufacture of pharmaceutical products, including drug/device combination products, requires significant expertise and capital investment,
including the development of an acceptable formulation to support later-stage trials for our product candidates, advanced manufacturing
techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products may encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling
up production and reformulating the form of any of our product candidates. For drug/device combination products, ensuring compliance
with both medical device and drug regulations exposes us to additional risks. These problems include difficulties with production costs
and yields, quality control, including stability of the product and quality assurance testing, shortages of qualified personnel, as well
as compliance with federal, state, and foreign regulations. Our contract manufacturers may also place a priority on the manufacture of
their own products, or other customers products. In addition, any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies,
due to the effects
of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, could delay the completion of our clinical trials, increase the costs associated with conducting
our clinical trials and, depending upon the period of delay, require us to commence new clinical trials at significant additional expense
or to terminate a clinical trial. 

44 

We
will be responsible for ensuring that our future contract manufacturers comply with the cGMP requirements of the FDA and other regulatory
authorities from which we seek to obtain product approval. These requirements include, among other things, quality control, quality assurance
and the maintenance of records and documentation. The approval process for NDAs includes an inspection of the manufacturer s compliance
with cGMP requirements. We will be responsible for regularly assessing a contract manufacturer s compliance with cGMP requirements
through record reviews and periodic audits and for ensuring that the contract manufacturer takes responsibility and corrective action
for any identified deviations. Manufacturers of our product candidates may be unable to comply with these cGMP requirements and with
other FDA and foreign regulatory requirements, if any. 

While
we will oversee compliance of our contract manufacturers, ultimately, we will not have control over our manufacturers compliance
with these regulations and standards. A failure to comply with these requirements may result in fines and civil penalties, suspension
of production, suspension or delay in product approval, product seizure or recall, or withdrawal of product approval. If the safety of
any of our product candidates is compromised due to a manufacturers failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons,
we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize any of our product candidates, and we may be held
liable for any injuries sustained as a result. Any of these factors could cause a delay of clinical trials, regulatory submissions, approvals,
or commercialization of RenovoGem or other product candidates, entail higher costs or result in us being unable to effectively commercialize
any of our product candidates. Furthermore, if our manufacturers fail to deliver the required commercial quantities on a timely basis
and at commercially reasonable prices, we may be unable to meet demand for any approved products and would lose potential revenues. There
are also risks of our contract manufacturers failing to perform as agreed, terminating their relationship with us, experiencing the effects
of any strikes or other work stoppages, or not remaining in the contract manufacturing business. 

Our
dependence on third-party suppliers subjects us to a number of risks that could negatively impact our ability to manufacture products
and harm our business, including: 

interruption
 of supply resulting from modifications to, or discontinuation of, a supplier s operations; 

delays
 in product shipments resulting from uncorrected defects, reliability issues, or a supplier s
 failure to produce components that consistently meet our quality specifications; 

price
 fluctuations due to a lack of long-term supply arrangements with our suppliers for key components; 

inability
 to obtain adequate supply in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms; 

difficulty
 identifying and qualifying alternative suppliers for components in a timely manner; 

inability
 of suppliers to comply with applicable provisions of the FDA s QSR, cGMP regulations
 or other applicable laws or regulations enforced by the FDA or state regulatory authorities
 and foreign regulatory authorities; 

inability
 to ensure the quality of products or components manufactured by third parties; 

production
 delays related to the evaluation and testing of products and components from alternative
 suppliers and corresponding regulatory qualifications; 

delays
 in delivery by our suppliers due to changes in demand from us or their other customers, or
 our suppliers prioritizing their other customers over us; and 

an
 outbreak of disease or similar public health threat, such as the existing threat of COVID-19
 pandemic, particularly as it may impact our supply chain. 

Although
we require that our third-party suppliers provide our manufacturing partners with components that meet our specifications and comply
with applicable provisions of the QSR, cGMP and other applicable legal and regulatory requirements in our agreements and contracts, there
is a risk that our suppliers will not always act with our best interests in mind, and they may not always supply components that meet
our requirements or supply components in a timely manner. Any interruption or delay in the supply of components or materials, or our
inability to obtain components or materials from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could impair our ability
to meet the demand of our customers and cause them to cancel orders or switch to competitive procedures. These events could harm our
business and our operating results. 

We
may not be able to manufacture our product candidates in commercial quantities, which would prevent us from commercializing our product
candidates. 

To
date, our product candidates have been manufactured in small quantities for preclinical studies and clinical trials. If any of our product
candidates are approved by the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities in other countries for commercial sale, we will need to manufacture
such product candidates in larger quantities. We may not be able to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for our product
candidates in a timely or economic manner, or at all. A significant scale-up of manufacturing may require additional validation studies,
which the FDA must review and approve. If we are unable to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for a product candidate,
the clinical trials as well as the regulatory approval or commercial launch of that product candidate may be delayed or there may be
a shortage in supply. Our product candidates require precise, high-quality manufacturing in accordance with cGMP. Our failure to achieve
and maintain these high-quality manufacturing standards in collaboration with our third-party manufacturers, including the incidence
of manufacturing errors, could result in patient injury or death, product recalls or withdrawals, delays or failures in product testing
or delivery, cost overruns or other problems that could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
product candidates, if approved for sale, may not gain acceptance among physicians, patients, and the medical community, thereby limiting
our potential to generate revenues. 

If
our product candidates are approved for commercial sale by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, the degree of market acceptance of
any approved product by physicians, healthcare professionals and third-party payors and our profitability and growth will depend on a
number of factors, including: 

demonstration
 of safety and efficacy; 

45 

perceived
 advantages of our product candidates over alternative treatments; 

the
 indications for which the product candidates are approved and the labeling approved by regulatory
 authorities for use with the product candidates, including any warnings, limitations or contraindications
 contained in a product s approved labeling; 

approval
 of other new therapies for the same indications; 

acceptance
 by physicians and patients of the product candidate as a safe and effective treatment; 

the
 cost, safety and efficacy of treatment in relation to alternative treatments, including generic
 versions of the product candidates; 

the
 extent to which our product candidates are included on formularies of hospitals and managed
 care organizations; 

changes
 in the practice guidelines and the standard of care for the targeted indication; 

relative
 convenience and ease of administration; 

the
 prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects; 

budget
 impact of adoption of our product on relevant drug formularies and the availability, cost,
 and potential advantages of alternative treatments, including less expensive generic drugs; 

pricing,
 reimbursement, and cost effectiveness, which may be subject to regulatory control; 

effectiveness
 of our or any of our partners sales and marketing strategies; 

the
 product labeling or product insert required by the FDA or regulatory authority in other countries;
 and 

the
 availability of adequate third-party insurance coverage or reimbursement. 

If
any product candidate that we develop does not provide a treatment regimen that is as beneficial as, or is perceived as being as beneficial
as, the current standard of care or otherwise does not provide patient benefit, that product candidate, if approved for commercial sale
by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, likely will not achieve market acceptance. Our ability to effectively promote and sell any
approved products will also depend on pricing and cost-effectiveness, including our ability to produce a product at a competitive price
and our ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement. If any product candidate is approved but does not achieve
an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, patients and third-party payors, our ability to generate revenues from that product would
be substantially reduced. In addition, our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product
candidates may require significant resources, may be constrained by FDA rules and policies on product promotion, and may never be successful. 

Guidelines
and recommendations published by various organizations can impact the use of our products. 

Government
agencies promulgate regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us and to our product. In addition, professional societies, practice
management groups, private health and science foundations and organizations involved in various diseases from time to time may also publish
guidelines or recommendations to the healthcare and patient communities. Recommendations of government agencies or these other groups
or organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage, route of administration and use of concomitant therapies. Recommendations
or guidelines suggesting the reduced use of our products or the use of competitive or alternative products that are followed by patients
and healthcare providers could result in decreased use of our proposed products. 

The
market for RenovoGem and our other product candidates may not be as large as we expect. 

Our
estimates of the potential market opportunity for RenovoGem and our other product candidates include several key assumptions based on
our industry knowledge, industry publications, third-party research reports and other surveys, including surveys commissioned by us.
These assumptions include the size of our target populations, the prevalence and incidence of each of our target indications, the number
of patients receiving current treatment, the percentage of patients unsatisfied with the current treatments, the number of diagnosed
but untreated patients, the compliance and adherence of patients in our target populations, the number of treatment centers and prescribing
physicians and the percentage of payer acceptance. While we believe that our internal assumptions are reasonable, if any of these assumptions
proves to be inaccurate, then the actual market for our product candidates could be smaller than our estimates of our potential market
opportunity. If the actual market for any of our product candidates is smaller than we expect, our product revenue may be limited, and
it may be more difficult for us to achieve or maintain profitability. 

In
the event that we need to change our third-party contract manufacturers, our preclinical studies, clinical trials or the commercialization
of our product candidates could be delayed, adversely affected or terminated, or such a change may result in significantly higher costs. 

Due
to regulatory restrictions inherent in an IND or NDA, or for economic reasons, various steps in the manufacture of any of our
product candidates may need to be sole-sourced. We currently obtain our RenovoCath delivery system, subject to requirements under
the QSR, from a single supplier. In accordance with cGMP regulations and QSR, changing manufacturers may require the re-validation
of manufacturing processes and procedures, and may require further preclinical studies or clinical trials to show comparability
between the materials produced by different manufacturers, and further regulatory review and approval. Changing our current or
future contract manufacturers may be difficult for us and could be costly, which could result in our inability to manufacture our
product candidate for an extended period of time and therefore a delay in the development of any of our product candidates. While we
intend to find alternative suppliers to mitigate the risk, our efforts may not be successful. Further, to maintain our development
timelines in the event of a change in our third-party contract manufacturer, we may incur significantly higher costs to manufacture
any of our product candidates. 

We
currently do not have any internal drug discovery capabilities, and therefore we are dependent on identifying drugs that are off patent
or on in-licensing or acquiring development programs from third parties in order to obtain additional product candidates. 

If
in the future we decide to further expand our pipeline of product candidates, we will be dependent on identifying drugs that are off
patent or on in-licensing or acquiring product candidates as we do not have significant internal discovery capabilities at this time.
We may face substantial competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, many of which may have greater resources than
we have, in obtaining in-licensing, sponsored research or acquisition opportunities. In-licensing or acquisition opportunities may not
be available to us on terms we find acceptable, if at all. In-licensed compounds that appear promising in research or in preclinical
studies may fail to progress into further preclinical studies or clinical trials. 

46 

If
a product liability claim is successfully brought against us for uninsured liabilities, or such a claim exceeds our insurance coverage,
we could be forced to pay substantial damage awards that could materially harm our business. 

The
use of any of our existing or future product candidates in clinical trials and the sale of any approved pharmaceutical products may expose
us to significant product liability claims. We have product liability insurance coverage for our proposed clinical trials; however, such
insurance coverage may be inadequate and may not protect us against any or all of the product liability claims that may be brought against
us now or in the future. We may not be able to acquire or maintain adequate product liability insurance coverage at a commercially reasonable
cost or in sufficient amounts or scope to protect us against potential losses. In the event a product liability claim is brought against
us, we may be required to pay legal and other expenses to defend the claim, as well as uncovered damage awards resulting from a claim
brought successfully against us. In the event that any of our product candidates are approved for sale by the FDA and commercialized,
we may need to substantially increase the amount of our product liability coverage. Defending any product liability claim or claims could
require us to expend significant financial and managerial resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
may delay or terminate the development of our product candidates at any time if we believe the perceived market or commercial opportunity
does not justify further investment, which could materially harm our business. 

Even
though the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials that have been conducted or may be conducted in the future may support
further development of our product candidates, we may delay, suspend or terminate the future development of a product candidate at any
time for strategic, business, financial or other reasons, including the determination or belief that the emerging profile of the product
candidate is such that it may not receive FDA approval, gain meaningful market acceptance, generate a significant return to stockholders,
or otherwise provide any competitive advantages in its intended indication or market. 

Risks
Related to Our Operations 

Our
future success depends on our ability to retain our key personnel and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

We
are highly dependent on the development, regulatory, commercialization, and business development expertise of Shaun Bagai, our Chief
Executive Officer, as well as the other principal members of our management, scientific and clinical teams. Although we have employment
agreements, offer letters or consulting agreements with our executive officers, these agreements do not prevent them from terminating
their services at any time. 

If
we lose one or more of our executive officers or key employees, our ability to implement our business strategy successfully could be
seriously harmed. Furthermore, replacing executive officers and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time
because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully develop
product candidates, gain regulatory approval, and commercialize new products. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense,
and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these additional key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among
numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. We also experience competition, including a recent hyper-competitive
compensation environment, for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. In addition,
we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our research and development
and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may be engaged by entities other than us and may have commitments under
consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. One such key consultant is Dr. Ramtin Agah,
our Chief Medical Officer. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, our ability to develop and
commercialize product candidates will be limited. 

We
will need to increase the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

We
are a small company with less than 10 employees. The future growth of our company will impose significant additional responsibilities
on members of management, including the need to identify, attract, retain, motivate and integrate highly skilled personnel. We may increase
the number of employees in the future depending on the progress of our development and commercialization of our product candidates. Our
future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates and to compete effectively will depend, in part,
on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. To that end, we must be able to: 

manage
 our clinical studies effectively; 

integrate
 additional and future management, administrative, manufacturing, sales and marketing, and
 regulatory personnel; 

maintain
 sufficient administrative, accounting and management information systems and controls; and 

hire
 and train additional qualified personnel. 

There
is no guarantee that we will be able to accomplish these tasks, and our failure to accomplish any of them could materially adversely
affect our business, prospects, and financial condition. 

Business
disruptions could seriously harm future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 

Our
operations, and those of our third-party manufacturers, contract research organizations CROs ), and other contractors and
consultants, could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons,
fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions beyond our control,
for which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could delay our clinical trials, seriously
harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. In addition, our
ability to obtain clinical supplies for our clinical trials and materials for our product candidates could be disrupted if the operations
of these suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruptions. 

Our
corporate headquarters are located in Silicon Valley, California, an area prone to wildfires and earthquakes. These and other natural
disasters could severely disrupt our operations, and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial
condition and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant
portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers,
or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial
period of time. Any disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster
or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity
plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

47 

Catastrophic
events and man-made problems, such as terrorism, war, or climate change may disrupt our business. 

A
significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire, flood, hurricane, or significant power outages, water shortages and the risks
associated with climate change could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our employees
and executive officers are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity, drought, and wildfires, and the
resultant air quality impacts and power outages associated with such wildfires. 

In
addition, acts of terrorism, pandemics, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or another public health crisis, protests, riots, and the
increasing frequency and impact of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the U.S. and elsewhere have the potential to
disrupt our business and the business of our third-party suppliers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses, and additional
costs to maintain or resume operations. All of the aforementioned risks may be further increased if our course of action in response
to catastrophic events proves to be inadequate. For example, if a catastrophic event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant
portion of our facility, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers,
or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial
period of time. Any disaster recovery and business continuity plan we have in place may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster
or similar event and we may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of these plans, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

In
February 2022, armed conflict escalated between Russia and Ukraine. The sanctions announced by the U.S. and other countries against Russia,
following Russia s invasion of Ukraine, to date include restrictions on selling or importing goods, services, or technology in
or from affected regions, and travel bans and asset freezes impacting connected individuals and political, military, business, and financial
organizations in Russia. The United States and other countries could impose wider sanctions and take other actions should the conflict
further escalate. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of this conflict, which could include further sanctions, embargoes,
regional instability, prolonged periods of higher inflation, geopolitical shifts, and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, currency
exchange rates, and financial markets, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

Security
threats to our information technology infrastructure and/or our physical buildings could expose us to liability and damage our reputation
and business. 

It
is essential to our business strategy that our and our vendors, partners, clinical trial sites, and third-party providers technology
and network infrastructure and physical buildings remain secure and are perceived by our customers and corporate partners to be secure.
Despite our implementation of security measures, any of the internal computer systems and networks belonging to or used by us or our
employees and our third-party service providers are vulnerable to damage and disruption from computer viruses, ransomware and other malicious
code, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failure, as well as security breaches
and incidents from inadvertent or intentional actions, or from cyber-attacks by malicious third parties (including supply chain cyber-attacks,
denial-of-service attacks, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity
and availability of information), which may compromise system infrastructure or lead to the loss, destruction, alteration, prevention
of access to, disclosure, or dissemination of, or damage or unauthorized access to, our data (including trade secrets or other confidential
information, intellectual property, proprietary business information, and personal information) or data that is processed or maintained
on our behalf, or other assets, which could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us. Any system failure, accident
or security breach or incident that causes interruptions in our own or in our third-party service providers operations could result
in a material disruption of our development programs or other aspects of our operations. As a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic,
with many of our employees working from home from time to time and accessing our corporate network via remote devices, the potential
for such events to occur is even greater. Despite security measures, we also cannot guarantee the security of our physical buildings.
Physical building penetration or any cyber-attacks could negatively affect our reputation, damage our network infrastructure and our
ability to deploy our products and services, harm our relationship with customers and partners that are affected, and expose us to financial
liability, including the possibility of consequential damages resulting from cyber-attacks and other security threats. 

Additionally,
there are a number of state, federal, and international laws protecting the privacy and security of health information and personal data.
For example, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA imposes limitations on the use and
disclosure of an individual s healthcare information by healthcare providers, healthcare clearinghouses, and health insurance plans,
or, collectively, covered entities, and also grants individuals rights with respect to their health information. HIPAA also imposes compliance
obligations and corresponding penalties for non-compliance on individuals and entities that provide services to healthcare providers
and other covered entities. As part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 ARRA ), the privacy and security
provisions of HIPAA were amended. ARRA also made significant increases in the penalties for improper use or disclosure of an individual s
health information under HIPAA and extended enforcement authority to state attorneys general. As amended by ARRA and subsequently by
the final omnibus rule adopted in 2013, HIPAA also imposes notification requirements on covered entities in the event that certain health
information has been inappropriately accessed or disclosed, including notification requirements to individuals, federal regulators, and
in some cases, notification to local and national media. Notification is not required under HIPAA if the health information that is improperly
used or disclosed is deemed secured in accordance with encryption or other standards developed by the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services. Most states have laws requiring notification of affected individuals and/or state regulators in the event of a breach of personal
information, which is a broader class of information than the health information protected by HIPAA. Many state laws impose significant
data security requirements, such as encryption or mandatory contractual terms, to ensure ongoing protection of personal information.
Activities outside of the U.S. implicate local and national data protection standards, impose additional compliance requirements, and
generate additional risks of enforcement for non-compliance. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to
ensure ongoing compliance with applicable privacy and data security laws, to protect against security breaches and hackers or to alleviate
problems caused by such breaches. 

We
and our third-party contract manufacturers must comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and failure to comply
with these laws and regulations could expose us to significant costs or liabilities. 

We
and our third-party manufacturers are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing
laboratory procedures and the use, generation, manufacture, distribution, storage, handling, treatment, remediation and disposal of hazardous
materials and wastes. Hazardous chemicals, including flammable and biological materials, are involved in certain aspects of our business,
and we cannot eliminate the risk of injury or contamination from the use, generation, manufacture, distribution, storage, handling, treatment
or disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. In the event of contamination or injury, or failure to comply with environmental, health
and safety laws and regulations, we could be held liable for any resulting damages and any such liability could exceed our assets and
resources. We could also incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply with such
laws and regulations. 

48 

Although
we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting
from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain
insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal
of biological, hazardous or radioactive materials. 

Environmental,
health and safety laws and regulations are becoming increasingly more stringent. We may incur substantial costs in order to comply with
current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our
research, development or production efforts. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines,
penalties or other sanctions. 

Further,
with respect to the operations of our third-party contract manufacturers, it is possible that if they fail to operate in compliance with
applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or properly dispose of wastes associated with our products, we could
be held liable for any resulting damages, suffer reputational harm or experience a disruption in the manufacture and supply of our product
candidates or products. 

A
variety of risks associated with operating internationally could materially adversely affect our business. 

Doing
business internationally involves a number of risks, including but not limited to: 

multiple,
 conflicting and changing laws and regulations, such as privacy regulations, tax laws, export
 and import restrictions, employment laws, regulatory requirements and other governmental
 approvals, permits and licenses; 

failure
 by us to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for the use of our products in various
 countries; 

additional
 potentially relevant third-party patent rights; 

complexities
 and difficulties in obtaining protection and enforcing our intellectual property; 

difficulties
 in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

complexities
 associated with managing multiple payor reimbursement regimes, government payors or patient
 self-pay systems; 

limits
 in our ability to penetrate international markets; 

financial
 risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty collecting accounts receivable, the impact
 of local and regional financial crises on demand and payment for our products, exposure to
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and a rising rate of inflation; 

natural
 disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism and political unrest,
 outbreak of disease, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions; 

certain
 expenses including, among others, expenses for travel, translation, and insurance; and 

regulatory
 and compliance risks that relate to maintaining accurate information and control over sales
 and activities that may fall within the purview of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act,
 its books and records provisions, or its anti-bribery provisions. 

Any
of these factors could significantly harm any current or future international operations and, consequently, our results of operations. 

General
economic or business conditions may have a negative impact on our business. 

Continuing concerns over U.S. healthcare reform legislation
and energy costs, geopolitical issues, fluctuations in inflation rates, market volatility, the availability and cost of credit and government
stimulus programs in the U.S. and other countries, including those related to the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as recent and potential future
disruptions in access to bank deposits or lending commitments due to bank failure, have contributed to increased volatility and could
materially and adversely affect our liquidity, our business and financial condition. The recent closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature
Bank and their placement into receivership with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC created bank-specific and
broader financial institution liquidity risk and concerns. Although the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve, and the FDIC
jointly released a statement that depositors at Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank would have access to their funds, even those in
excess of the standard FDIC insurance limits, future adverse developments with respect to specific financial institutions or the broader
financial services industry may lead to market-wide liquidity shortages. The failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could reduce
the amount of cash we have available for our operations or delay our ability to access such funds. Any such failure may increase the possibility
of a sustained deterioration of financial market liquidity, or illiquidity at clearing, cash management and/or custodial financial institutions.
In the event we have a commercial relationship with a bank that has failed or is otherwise distressed, we may experience delays or other
issues in meeting our financial obligations. If other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future
in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our cash and cash equivalents
and investments may be threatened and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

If the economic climate deteriorates or is poor, our business, as well as
the financial condition of our suppliers and our third-party payors, could be negatively impacted, which could materially adversely affect
our business, prospects and financial condition. 

Our
operations are subject to the effects of a rising rate of inflation. 

The
United States has recently experienced historically high levels of inflation. If the inflation rate continues to increase, for example
due to increases in the costs of labor and supplies, it will affect our expenses, such as employee compensation and research and development
charges. Additionally, the United States is experiencing an acute workforce shortage, which in turn, has created a very competitive wage
environment that may increase the Company s operating costs. To the extent inflation results in rising interest rates and has other
adverse effects on the market, it may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Healthcare
reform measures could adversely affect our business. The impact of recent healthcare reform legislation and other changes in the healthcare
industry and in healthcare spending on us is currently unknown and may adversely affect our business model. 

Existing
regulatory policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval
of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation
or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements
or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval
that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 

In
the United States and foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes and
proposed changes to the healthcare system that could affect our future results of operations. In particular, there have been and continue
to be a number of initiatives at the federal and state levels in the United States that seek to reduce healthcare costs. In 2010, the
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the PPACA was enacted, which includes measures to significantly change the
way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among the provisions of the PPACA of greatest importance to the
pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry are the following: 

an
 annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription
 drugs and biologic agents, apportioned among these entities according to their market share
 in certain government healthcare programs; 

49 

implementation
 of the federal physician payment transparency requirements, sometimes referred to as the
 Physician Payments Sunshine Act 

a
 licensure framework for follow-on biologic products; 

a
 new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and
 conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; 

establishment
 of a Center for Medicare Innovation at the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services to
 test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending,
 potentially including prescription drug spending; 

an
 increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug
 Rebate Program, to 23.1 and 13 of the average manufacturer price for most branded and generic
 drugs, respectively and capped the total rebate amount for innovator drugs at 100 of the
 AMP; 

a
 new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program
 are calculated for certain drugs and biologics, including our product candidates, that are
 inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 

extension
 of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals
 who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 

expansion
 of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to
 offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and by adding new mandatory eligibility
 categories for individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby
 potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; 

a
 new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer
 50 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries
 during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient
 drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and 

expansion
 of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health program. 

Since
its enactment, there remain judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the PPACA. For example, in June 2021 the U.S.
Supreme Court held that Texas and other challengers had no legal standing to challenge the PPACA, dismissing the case on procedural grounds
without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the PPACA. Thus, the PPACA will remain in effect in its current form. In addition,
other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the PPACA was enacted. These changes include aggregate reductions to Medicare
payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year pursuant to the Budget Control Act of 2011, which began in 2013 due to subsequent legislative
amendments will remain in effect through 2031, with the exception of a temporary suspension implemented under various COVID-19 relief
legislation from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the
actual reduction in Medicare payments can vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. 

Moreover,
there has recently been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which drug manufacturers set prices for their marketed
products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to,
among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient
programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. For example, under the American Rescue Plan
Act of 2021, effective January 1, 2024, the statutory cap on Medicaid Drug Rebate Program rebates that manufacturers pay to state
Medicaid programs will be eliminated. Elimination of this cap may require pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay more in rebates than
it receives on the sale of products, which could have a material impact on our business. In August 2022, Congress passed the
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes prescription drug provisions that have significant implications for the
pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government to negotiate a maximum fair price for
certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the
drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions,
if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs
for beneficiaries, among other changes. The impact of these legislative, executive, and administrative actions and any future
healthcare measures and agency rules on us and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole is unclear. The implementation of cost
containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or
commercialize our product candidates if approved. Complying with any new legislation and regulatory changes could be time-intensive
and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. 

Individual
states have become increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product
pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access, and marketing cost
disclosure and transparency measures, and to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls
on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and
prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine
what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could
reduce the ultimate demand for our products or put pressure on our product pricing, which could negatively affect our business, results
of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

In
addition, given recent federal and state government initiatives directed at lowering the total cost of healthcare, Congress and state
legislatures will likely continue to focus on healthcare reform, the cost of prescription drugs and biologics and the reform of the Medicare
and Medicaid programs. While we cannot predict the full outcome of any such legislation, it may result in decreased reimbursement for
drugs and biologics, which may further exacerbate industry-wide pressure to reduce prescription drug prices. This could harm our ability
to generate revenue. Further, a number of states are considering or have recently enacted state drug price transparency and reporting
laws that could substantially increase our compliance burdens and expose us to greater liability under such state laws once we begin
commercialization. 

Increases
in importation or re-importation of pharmaceutical products from foreign countries into the United States could put competitive pressure
on our ability to profitably price our products, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial
condition and prospects. We might elect not to seek approval for or market our products in foreign jurisdictions in order to minimize
the risk of re-importation, which could also reduce the revenue we generate from product sales. It is also possible that other legislative
proposals having similar effects will be adopted. 

50 

Furthermore,
regulatory authorities assessment of the data and results required to demonstrate safety and efficacy can change over time and
can be affected by many factors, such as the emergence of new information, including on other products, changing policies and agency
funding, staffing and leadership. We cannot be sure whether future changes to the regulatory environment will be favorable or unfavorable
to our business prospects. For example, average review times at the FDA for marketing approval applications can be affected by a variety
of factors, including budget and funding levels and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. 

Reimbursement
for any approved products may be limited or unavailable, which could make it difficult for us to sell our product candidates profitably. 

In
both domestic and foreign markets, sales of any of our other product candidates, if approved, will depend, in part, on the extent to
which the costs of our product candidates will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health care programs, commercial
insurance and managed health care organizations. These third-party payors decide which drugs will be covered and establish reimbursement
levels for those drugs. The containment of health care costs has become a priority of foreign and domestic governments as well as private
third-party payors. The prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. Governments and private third-party payors have attempted to
control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications, which could affect our ability to sell
our product candidates profitably. Cost-control initiatives could cause us to decrease the price we might establish for product candidates,
which could result in lower than anticipated product revenues. 

Reimbursement
by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including the third-party payor s determination that use of a product
is: 

a
 covered benefit under its health plan; 

safe,
 effective and medically necessary; 

appropriate
 for the specific patient; 

cost-effective
 relative to other alternatives, including generic products; and 

neither
 experimental nor investigational. 

Adverse
pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in our existing and any future product candidates, even if such product
candidates obtain marketing approval. 

Obtaining
coverage and reimbursement approval for a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process
that could require us to provide supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our product candidates to
the payor. Further, there is significant uncertainty related to third-party payor coverage and reimbursement of newly approved product
candidates, including our product candidates if they are approved. We may not be able to provide data sufficient to gain acceptance with
respect to coverage and reimbursement. We cannot be sure that coverage or adequate reimbursement will be available for any of our product
candidates. Also, we cannot be sure that reimbursement amounts will not reduce the demand for, or the price of, our product candidates.
If reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize certain of
our product candidates. In addition, in the United States, third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs
by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement of new product candidates. As a result, significant uncertainty exists as to
whether and how much third-party payors will reimburse patients for their use of newly approved product candidates, which in turn will
put pressure on pricing. 

In
some countries, including member states of the European Union, the pricing of prescription drugs is subject to governmental control.
In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after receipt of marketing approval
for a product. In addition, there can be considerable pressure from governments and other stakeholders on prices and reimbursement levels,
including as part of cost containment measures. Political, economic and regulatory developments may further complicate pricing negotiations,
and pricing negotiations may continue after reimbursement has been obtained. Reference pricing used by various European Union member
states and other countries and parallel distribution, or arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced member states, can further reduce
prices. In some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial or other studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of our
product candidates to other available therapies in order to obtain or maintain reimbursement or pricing approval. Publication of discounts
by third-party payors or authorities may lead to further pressure on the prices or reimbursement levels within the country of publication
and other countries. If reimbursement of our product candidates is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at
unsatisfactory levels, our business could be adversely affected. 

The
outbreak of the novel coronavirus disease, COVID-19, including its most recent variants, could materially adversely impact our business,
results of operations and financial condition, including our clinical trials. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic, and government responses have created disruption in global supply chains and adversely impacting many industries.
The pandemic could have a continued material adverse impact on economic and market conditions. We continue to monitor the impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic, including its most recent variants, closely. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact our operations
or financial results is uncertain. 

The
pandemic and government measures taken in response have also had a significant impact, both direct and indirect, on businesses and commerce,
as worker shortages have occurred; supply chains have been disrupted; and demand for certain goods and services, such as medical services
and supplies, has spiked, while demand for other goods and services has fallen. While the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
on our business and financial results is uncertain, a continued and prolonged public health crisis such as the COVID-19 pandemic could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including its most recent variants, we may experience disruptions that could severely impact our business and clinical trials, including: 

delays
 or difficulties in enrolling and retaining patients in our clinical trials; 

delays
 or difficulties in clinical site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical
 site investigators and clinical site staff; 

diversion
 of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion
 of hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct
 of our clinical trials; 

51 

interruption
 of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site data monitoring, due to limitations
 on travel imposed or recommended by federal or state governments, employers and others or
 interruption of clinical trial subject visits and study procedures, which may impact the
 integrity of subject data and clinical study endpoints; 

interruption
 or delays in the operations of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, which may impact
 review and approval timelines; 

interruption
 of, or delays in receiving, supplies of our product candidates from our contract manufacturing
 organizations due to staffing shortages, production slowdowns or stoppages and disruptions
 in delivery systems; 

limitations
 on employee and consulting resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our
 clinical trials, including because of sickness of employees, consultants or their families
 or the desire of employees or consultants to avoid contact with large groups of people; 

interruption
 or delays to our outsourced clinical activities; or 

changes
 in clinical site procedures and requirements as well as regulatory requirements for conducting
 clinical trials during the pandemic. 

Since March 2020, the FDA issued various COVID-19
related guidance documents, including guidance on conducting clinical trials during the pandemic and on good manufacturing practice considerations,
among others. President Biden announced that the administration intends to end the COVID-19 national and public health emergencies on
May 11, 2023. The full impact of the termination of the public health emergencies on FDA and other regulatory policies and operations
are unclear. 

Any
legal proceedings or claims against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend and could harm our reputation regardless of the outcome. 

We
may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, including intellectual
property, product liability, employment, wage and hour, class action, derivative, whistleblower and other litigation claims, and governmental
and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and resources,
cause us to incur significant expenses or liability, or require us to change our business practices. In addition, the expense of litigation,
for which we are either not insured or only partially insured depending on the claim, and the timing of this expense from period to period
will be difficult to estimate, subject to change, and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Because
of the potential risks, expenses, and uncertainties of litigation, we may, from time to time, settle disputes, even where we have meritorious
claims or defenses, by agreeing to settlement agreements. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

Changes
in tax laws or in their implementation or interpretation may adversely affect our business and financial condition 

We
are or may become subject to income and non-income taxes in the United States under federal, state and local jurisdictions and in certain
foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws, regulations and administrative practices in these jurisdictions may be subject to
significant change, with or without advance notice. For example, on January 1, 2022, a provision of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
went into effect that eliminates the option to deduct domestic research and development costs in the year incurred and instead requires
taxpayers to amortize such costs over five years. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact. Also, the Inflation Reduction
Act, which introduced a 15 minimum tax on book income and a 1 excise tax on stock buybacks. Changes in tax laws (including provisions
of the recently enacted federal tax legislation titled the Inflation Reduction Act), regulations, or rulings, changes in interpretations
of existing laws and regulations, or changes in accounting principles could negatively and materially affect our financial position,
effective tax rates, cash flows, and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

If
we are unable to protect our intellectual property effectively, we may be unable to prevent third parties from using our technologies,
which would impair our competitive advantage. 

We
rely on patent protection as well as a combination of trademark, copyright and trade secret protection, and other contractual restrictions,
to protect our proprietary technologies, all of which provide limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit
us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. We may not be successful in defending challenges made in connection with our patents and
patent applications. If we fail to protect our intellectual property, we will be unable to prevent third parties from using our technologies
and they will be able to compete more effectively against us. 

The
degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations
and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example, others may be able to make
products that are similar to our product candidates or utilize similar technology but that are not covered by the claims of the patents
that we license or may own; we, or our future licensors or collaborators,
might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our or their inventions; and issued patents that we hold
rights to may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by our competitors or other third parties. 

52 

In
addition to our patents, we rely on contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary technology. We require our employees and third
parties to sign confidentiality agreements and our employees are also required to sign agreements assigning to us all intellectual property
arising from their work for us. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee that these measures will be effective in protecting our intellectual
property rights. Should any of these events occur, it or they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and growth prospects. 

If
any of our patent applications do not issue as patents in any jurisdiction, we may not be able to compete effectively. 

Our
currently pending or future patent applications may not result in issued patents and any patents issued to us may be challenged, invalidated,
or held unenforceable. Changes in either the patent laws or their interpretation in the U.S. and other countries may diminish our ability
to protect our inventions, obtain, maintain, and enforce our intellectual property rights, and, more generally, could affect the value
of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our patents with respect to our product candidates. Furthermore, we cannot be certain
that we were the first to make the invention claimed in our issued patents or pending patent applications in the U.S., or that we were
the first to file for protection of the inventions claimed in our foreign issued patents or pending patent applications. 

There
are numerous recent changes to the patent laws and proposed changes to the rules of the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ),
which may have a significant impact on our ability to protect our technology and enforce our intellectual property rights. For example,
in September 2011, the U.S. enacted sweeping changes to the U.S. patent system under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, including changes
that transitioned the U.S. from a first-to-invent system to a first-to-file system and alter the processes
for challenging issued patents. These changes could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications
and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. In addition, we may become subject to interference proceedings conducted in the
patent and trademark offices of various countries to determine our entitlement to patents, and these proceedings may conclude that other
patents or patent applications have priority over our patents or patent applications. 

It
is also possible that a competitor may successfully challenge our patents through various proceedings and those challenges may result
in the elimination or narrowing of our patents, and therefore reduce our patent protection. The patent prosecution process is expensive,
time-consuming, and complex, and we may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce, or license all necessary or desirable patent
applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our
research and development output in time to obtain patent protection. We may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and
prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the rights to patents licensed to third parties. Therefore, these patents and applications
may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. Any parties who enter into nondisclosure
or confidentiality agreements with us that have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output may
breach such agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent
protection. In addition, rights under any of our issued patents, patent applications or future patents may not provide us with commercially
meaningful protection for our products or afford us a commercial advantage against our competitors or their competitive products or processes. 

If
our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest
and our business may be adversely affected. 

Our
unregistered trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, or declared generic or determined to be infringing
on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition
among potential collaborators or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar
to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential
trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations
of our unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to successfully register our trademarks and trade
names and establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively, and our
business may be adversely affected. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade secrets, domain
names, copyrights or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources
and could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. 

The
patents issued to us may not be broad enough to provide any meaningful protection, one or more of our competitors may develop more effective
technologies, designs or methods without infringing our intellectual property rights and one or more of our competitors may design around
our proprietary technologies. 

If
we are not able to protect our proprietary technology, trade secrets and know-how, our competitors may use our inventions to develop
competing products. Our patents may not protect us against our competitors, and patent litigation is very expensive. We may not have
sufficient cash available to pursue any patent litigation to its conclusion because we currently do not generate revenues other than
licensing, milestone and royalty income. 

We
cannot rely solely on our current patents to be successful. The standards that the USPTO and foreign patent office s use to grant
patents, and the standards that U.S. and foreign courts use to interpret patents, are not the same, are not always applied predictably
or uniformly and can change, particularly as new technologies develop. As such, the degree of patent protection obtained in the U.S.
may differ substantially from that obtained in various foreign countries. 

We
cannot be certain of the level of protection, if any, that will be provided by our patents if they are challenged in court, where our
competitors may raise defenses such as invalidity, unenforceability, or possession of a valid license. In addition, the type and extent
of any patent claims that may be issued to us in the future are uncertain. Any patents that are issued may not contain claims that will
permit us to stop competitors from using similar technology. 

We
may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights. 

Third
parties may challenge the validity, inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property rights, resulting in costly
litigation or other time-consuming and expensive proceedings, which could deprive us of valuable rights. If we become involved in any
intellectual property litigation, interference or other judicial or administrative proceedings, we will incur substantial expenses and
the attention of our technical and management personnel will be diverted. An adverse determination may subject us to significant liabilities
or require us to seek licenses that may not be available from third parties on commercially favorable terms, if at all. Further, if such
claims are proven valid, through litigation or otherwise, we may be required under applicable law to pay
substantial monetary damages, which can be tripled if the infringement is deemed willful, or be required to discontinue or significantly
delay development, marketing, selling and licensing of the affected products and intellectual property rights. 

53 

Our
competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering technology similar to ours. Any such patent application
may have priority over our patent applications and could further require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies.
There may be third-party patents, patent applications and other intellectual property relevant to our potential products that may block
or compete with our potential products or processes. If another party has filed a U.S. patent application on inventions similar to ours,
we may have to participate in an interference proceeding declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention in the U.S. The costs
of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that such efforts would be unsuccessful, resulting in a loss of our U.S.
patent position with respect to such inventions. In addition, we cannot assure you that we would prevail in any of these suits or that
the damages or other remedies that we are ordered to pay, if any, would not be substantial. Claims of intellectual property infringement,
misappropriation or other violations against us may require us to enter into royalty or license agreements with third parties that may
not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. We may also be subject to injunctions against the further development and use of our
technology, which could materially adversely affect our business, prospects and financial condition. 

Some
of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially
greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could materially adversely
affect our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. 

Obtaining
and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements
imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 

Periodic
maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime
of the patent. In the United States, patents have a limited lifespan, and if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration
of a patent is generally 20-years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent
agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent application
process and following the issuance of a patent. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by
other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of
the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance
events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond
to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents.
In certain circumstances, even inadvertent noncompliance events may permanently and irrevocably jeopardize patent rights. In such an
event, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

If
we are unable to obtain licenses from third parties on commercially reasonable terms or fail to comply with our obligations under such
agreements, our business could be harmed. 

It
may be necessary for us to use the patented or proprietary technology of third parties to commercialize our products, in which case we
would be required to obtain a license from these third parties. If we are unable to license such technology, or if we are forced to license
such technology, on unfavorable terms, our business could be materially harmed. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license, we may
be unable to develop or commercialize the affected product candidates, which could materially harm our business, and the third parties
owning such intellectual property rights could seek either an injunction prohibiting our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation
on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation. Even if we are able to obtain a license, agreements we may enter into
in the future, if any, may not provide exclusive rights to use certain intellectual property and technology retained by the collaborator
in all relevant fields of use and in all territories in which we may wish to develop or commercialize our technology and products in
the future. As a result, we may not be able to prevent competitors or other third parties from developing and commercializing competitive
products that utilize technology retained by such collaborators to the extent such products are not also covered by our intellectual
property. In such an event, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be materially harmed. 

We
rely on confidentiality agreements to protect our trade secrets. If these agreements are breached by our employees or other parties,
our trade secrets may become known to our competitors. We may also be subject to claims that our employees, consultants, or advisors
have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 

We
rely on trade secrets that we seek to protect through confidentiality agreements with our employees and other parties. If these agreements
are breached, our competitors may obtain and use our trade secrets to gain a competitive advantage over us. We may not have any remedies
against our competitors and any remedies that may be available to us may not be adequate to protect our business or compensate us for
the damaging disclosure. In addition, we may have to expend resources to protect our interests from possible infringement by others. 

In
addition, although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants, and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how
of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property,
including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual s current or former employer. Litigation may be
necessary to defend against these claims. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

An
active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. 

Prior
to the closing of our IPO in August 2021, there was no public trading market for our common stock. Although our common stock is listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the market for our shares has demonstrated varying levels of trading activity. Our ability to raise capital
to continue to fund operations by selling shares of our common stock and our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using
shares of our common stock as consideration may be impaired if an active trading market for our common stock is not sustained. 

54 

The
market price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of
factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include the following: 

any
 delay in the commencement, enrollment and ultimate completion of our clinical trials; 

any
 delay in submitting an NDA and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with
 respect to the FDA s review of that NDA; 

failure
 to successfully develop and commercialize RenovoGem; 

inability
 to obtain additional funding; 

regulatory
 or legal developments in the United States and other countries applicable to RenovoGem or
 any other product candidate; 

adverse
 regulatory decisions; 

changes
 in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

inability
 to obtain adequate product supply for RenovoGem, RenovoCath or any other product candidate,
 or the inability to do so at acceptable prices; 

introduction
 of new products, services or technologies by our competitors; 

failure
 to meet or exceed financial projections we provide to the public; 

failure
 to meet or exceed the estimates and projections of the investment community; 

changes
 in the market valuations of companies similar to ours; 

market
 conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors, and the issuance of new or changed
 securities analysts reports or recommendations; 

announcements
 of significant acquisitions, strategic collaborations, joint ventures or capital commitments
 by us or our competitors; 

significant
 lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation, and disputes or other developments
 relating to our proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability
 to obtain patent protection for our technologies; 

additions
 or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 

sales
 of our common stock or other securities by us, our insiders or our other stockholders; 

expiration
 of market standoff or lock-up agreements; 

trading
 volume of our common stock; 

fluctuations
 in interest rates and inflation rates; 

general
 economic, industry and market conditions; 

health
 epidemics and outbreaks, including the COVID-19 pandemic, or other natural or manmade disasters
 which could significantly disrupt our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and therefore
 our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented; and 

the
 other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 

In
addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market
prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance
of those companies. Broad market and industry factors, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may
negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In particular, stock markets
have experienced extreme volatility due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, including the emergence of new variants; recent inflationary
concerns; and investor concerns and uncertainty related to the impact of the pandemic on the economies of countries worldwide. 

Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our
product candidates on unfavorable terms to us. 

We
may seek additional capital through a variety of means, including through public or private equity, debt financings or other sources,
including up-front payments and milestone payments from strategic collaborations. For example, we have filed an omnibus shelf registration
statement on Form S-3 that provides for aggregate offerings of up to 50.0 million of the Company s securities subject to various
limitations, including limited sales in any twelve-month period while we are subject to the baby-shelf rules. We also have
filed a registration statement on Form S-1 to register the cash exercise of our outstanding warrants, with such cash exercise only expected
to occur when the trading price of our common stock is in excess of the 10.80 per share exercise price of our outstanding warrants.
To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt or equity securities, your ownership interest
will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Such
financing may result in dilution to stockholders, imposition of debt covenants, increased fixed payment obligations or other restrictions
that may affect our business. If we raise additional funds through up-front payments or milestone payments pursuant to strategic collaborations
with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable
to us. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe
we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. 

55 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market may delist our securities from its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our
securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. We cannot assure you that, in the future, our securities will meet the continued
listing requirements to be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If the Nasdaq Stock Market delists our common stock, we could face significant
material adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

a
 determination that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers
 trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly resulting in a
 reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our common stock; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our Company; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

We
could be subject to securities class action litigation. 

In
the past, securities class action and derivative litigation has often been brought against companies following a decline in the market
price of their securities or upon the occurrence of other corporate events. This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology
companies have experienced significant share price volatility in recent years. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial
costs, for which we are not insured, and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market
price for the shares and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us
or our business. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any forecasts we may
provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the market are below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of
our common stock could decline substantially. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our common stock or publishes inaccurate
or unfavorable research about our business, the market price for our common stock would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts
cease coverage of our Company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which, in
turn, could cause the market price or trading volume for our common stock to decline. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, and you must rely on price appreciation of your shares for return on your investment. 

We
have paid no cash dividends on any class of our stock to date and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the near term. For the
foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our stock. Accordingly, investors must be prepared to rely on sales of their shares of common stock after
price appreciation to earn an investment return, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our shares
of common stock. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
on our results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors
our board deems relevant. 

We
have incurred and will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management has devoted
and will continue to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 

As
a public company, we have incurred and particularly after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we will continue to incur
significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX ),
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of Nasdaq, and other applicable securities rules
and regulations impose various requirements on U.S. reporting public companies, including the establishment and maintenance of effective
disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to continue to devote
a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial
compliance costs and have made some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect that these rules and regulations
may make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, which in turn could make it more difficult for
us to attract and retain qualified senior management personnel or members for our board of directors. In addition, these rules and regulations
are often subject to varying interpretations, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is
provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. 

Pursuant
to Section 404 of SOX Section 404 ), we will be required to furnish a report by our senior management on our internal control
over financial reporting beginning with our second filing of an Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC. 

However,
while we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial
reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. To prepare for eventual compliance with Section 404, once we no
longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we will be engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial
reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially
engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting,
continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and
implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is
a risk that we will not be able to conclude, within the prescribed timeframe or at all, that our internal control over financial reporting
is effective as required by Section 404. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Failure to maintain effective internal controls
could cause our investors to lose confidence in us and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. If our internal controls
are not effective, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. 

Effective
internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports in a timely manner. In
connection with the audit of our financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we
identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, we
determined that we lacked a sufficient number of qualified accounting and financial reporting personnel with an appropriate level of
knowledge, training and experience to address complex accounting issues, sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting
and financial reporting in accordance with U.S. Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ), and adequate management review controls. In addition, we determined that our
financial statement close process includes significant control gaps mainly driven by the small size of our accounting and finance
staff and, as a result, a significant lack of appropriate segregation of duties. 

56 

The
above material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of our account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. To address the material weaknesses, we have implemented,
and are continuing to implement, measures designed to improve internal control over financial reporting, including expanding our accounting
and finance team to add additional qualified accounting and finance resources, which may include third party consultants, and new financial
processes. We intend to continue to take steps to remediate the material weaknesses through the hiring or engagement of additional experienced
accounting and financial reporting personnel, formalizing documentation of policies and procedures and further evolving the accounting
processes, including implementing appropriate segregation of duties. We expect to incur additional costs to remediate these weaknesses,
including personnel, consulting and other costs. 

We
may not be successful in implementing these changes or in developing other internal controls, which may undermine our ability to provide
accurate, timely and reliable reports on our financial and operating results. Further, we will not be able to fully assess whether the
steps we are taking will remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting until we have completed our
implementation efforts and sufficient time passes in order to evaluate their effectiveness. In addition, until we remediate these weaknesses,
or if we identify additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely
basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. Moreover, in the future we may engage in business transactions, such
as acquisitions, reorganizations or implementation of new information systems that could negatively affect our internal control over
financial reporting and result in material weaknesses. 

If
we identify new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, or if we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting
is effective, we may be late with the filing of our periodic reports, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness
of our financial reports, and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected. As a result of such failures, we could
also become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities,
and become subject to litigation from investors and stockholders, which could harm our reputation, financial condition or divert financial
and management resources from our core business. 

Our
disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 

As a public company, we maintain disclosure controls and procedures that
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated, communicated
and discussed with our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal
controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the desired
control objectives will be met. 

In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management
has weighed the cost of contemplated controls against their intended benefits. The design of any system of controls is based on management s
assumptions about the likelihood of future events. We cannot assure you that our controls will achieve their stated goals under all possible
conditions. Changes in future conditions may render our controls inadequate or may cause our degree of compliance with them to deteriorate.
These inherent limitations include the fact that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple
error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people
or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements
due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial and Accounting Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the
end of the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial and Accounting Officer
have concluded that, during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
due to our previously identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we have performed additional
analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, notwithstanding
the identified material weaknesses, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial and Accounting Officer, believes
the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are fairly presented, in all material respects, in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. 

We
are an emerging growth company, and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make
our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS
Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including exemption from compliance with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404; the ability to delay the implementation of new or revised financial accounting standards; reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation; and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on
executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, the information
we provide stockholders will be different than the information that is available with respect to other public companies. We will remain
an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the closing
of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer, which means the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of our prior second
fiscal quarter, or (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

In
addition, under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies may delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those
standards apply to private companies. We may elect not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards
and, therefore, may be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies. 

We
cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find
our common stock less attractive as a result of these exemptions, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and
our share price may be more volatile. 

Anti-takeover
provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 

Our
certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying
or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors. Our corporate governance documents include provisions: 

authorizing
 blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors
 without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend, and other rights
 superior to our common stock; 

limiting
 the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; 

limiting
 the ability of our stockholders to call and bring business before special meetings; 

57 

requiring
 advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders
 and for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors; 

controlling
 the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of board of directors and stockholder meetings;
 and 

providing
 our board of directors with the express power to postpone previously scheduled annual meetings
 and to cancel previously scheduled special meetings. 

These
provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. 

As
a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
law, which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding common stock from engaging in certain business combinations
without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding common stock. 

Any
provision of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control
could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the
price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 

Our
certificate of incorporation, as amended, designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 

Our
certificate of incorporation requires that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for each of the following: 

any
 derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 

any
 action asserting a claim for breach of any fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or
 other employee of ours to the Company or our stockholders, creditors or other constituents; 

any
 action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of ours arising pursuant to,
 or a claim against us or any of our directors or officers, with respect to the interpretation
 or application of any provision of, the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or bylaws;
 or 

any
 action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine; 

provided,
that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any of the foregoing actions for lack of subject matter
jurisdiction, any such action or actions may be brought in another state court sitting in the State of Delaware. 

The
exclusive forum provision is limited to the extent permitted by law, and it will not apply to claims arising under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or for any other federal securities laws which provide for exclusive federal
jurisdiction. 

Furthermore,
Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly,
both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions
and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our second amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving
any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice
of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring such a claim arising under the Securities Act against
us, our directors, officers, or other employees in a venue other than in the federal district courts of the United States of America.
In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our second
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Although
we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits
to which it applies, this provision may limit or discourage a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it
finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and
our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate
of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action
in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

We
note that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce the provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased
consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging
lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
administrative headquarters is located at 4546 El Camino Real, Suite B1, Los Altos, CA 94022. The office space is approximately 1,480
square feet, and we rent on a month-to-month basis. We believe that our facility is adequate for our current operations
and purposes, and that suitable additional or alternative space will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms, if
required. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may be involved in various legal actions, including claims and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.
We are currently not a party to any legal proceedings, the adverse outcome of which, in management s opinion, individually or in
the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position, and, to the best of management s
knowledge, no such litigation is currently pending or threatened. 

Regardless
of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative
publicity, reputational harm and other factors. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

58 

PART
II 

ITEM
5 . MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information for Common Stock 

Our
common stock is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol RNXT. 

Holders
of Record of Common Stock 

As
of March 24, 2023, there were approximately 120 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than
this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers
and other nominees. As of such date, there were 9,100,448 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since our inception. We currently intend to retain all available funds
and any future earnings to support our operations and finance the growth and development of our business, and do not anticipate paying
any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion
of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements,
contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Information
regarding our securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans will be included in Item 12, Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, of this report on Form 10-K. 

Use
of Proceeds from Public Offering of Common Stock 

There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus
filed with the SEC on August 27, 2021, pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4). We placed the
funds received into a money market account. No payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our common stock or to
their associates, or to our affiliates, other than payments in the ordinary course of business to officers for salaries and to non-employee
directors pursuant to our Outside Director Compensation Policy, as amended. 

Sales
of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

59 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Unless
the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to the Company, we, us, or our 
refer to RenovoRx, Inc. You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should
be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere
in this Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements
that involves risks and uncertainties. See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors 
for a discussion of forward-looking statements and important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results
described in or implied by the forward-looking statements. All information presented herein is based on our fiscal calendar. Unless otherwise
stated, references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to our fiscal years ended December 31 and the associated quarters,
months and periods of those fiscal years. 

This
discussion contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs that involve risks and uncertainties, including those
described in the section titled Forward Looking Statements. Our actual results and the timing of selected events could
differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited
to, those identified below and those set forth under the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

We
are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing therapies for the local treatment of solid tumors. We are currently
conducting a Phase III registrational trial for our lead product candidate RenovoGem . Our therapy platform, RenovoRx Trans-Arterial
Micro-Perfusion, or RenovoTAMP , utilizes approved chemotherapeutics with validated mechanisms of action and well-established
safety and side effect profiles, with the goal of increasing their efficacy, improving their safety, and widening their therapeutic window
by combining such chemotherapeutics with our proprietary drug delivery system. RenovoTAMP combines our patented Food and Drug Administration FDA cleared delivery system, RenovoCath , with small molecule chemotherapeutic agents that can be forced
across the vessel wall using pressure, targeting these anti-cancer drugs locally to the solid tumors. While we anticipate investigating
other chemotherapeutic agents for intra-arterial delivery via RenovoTAMP, our clinical work to date has focused on gemcitabine, which
is a generic small molecule drug. Our first product candidate, RenovoGem, is a drug /device combination consisting of intra-arterial
gemcitabine and RenovoCath. FDA has determined that RenovoGem will be regulated as, and if approved we expect will be reimbursed as,
a new oncology drug product. We have secured FDA Orphan Drug Designation for RenovoGem in two
indications: pancreatic cancer and cholangiocarcinoma (bile duct cancer, or CCA). We have completed our RR1 Phase I/II and RR2 observational
registry studies, with 20 and 25 patients respectively, in locally advanced pancreatic cancer, or LAPC. These studies demonstrated a
median overall survival of 27.9 months from diagnosis in patients pre-treated with radiation followed by treatment with RenovoGem. Based
on previous large randomized clinical trials, the expected survival of LAPC patients is 12 - 15 months in patients receiving only intravenous
(IV) systemic chemotherapy or IV chemotherapy plus radiation (which are both considered standard of care). Unlike the randomized trials
that established these standard-of-care results, our RR1 and RR2 clinical trials did not prospectively control the standard of care therapy
received prior to administration of RenovoGem. Based on an FDA safety review of our Phase I/II study, FDA allowed us to proceed to evaluate
RenovoGem within our Phase III registrational clinical trial. 

As
previously disclosed, in December 2021 we amended the protocol for this clinical trial to only allow for stereotactic body radiation
therapy (SBRT) during the induction phase of the study (prior to randomization). We had previously permitted both SBRT and
intensity-modulated radiation therapy (IMRT). Patients receiving IMRT must complete 25 radiation treatments in combination with oral
chemotherapy during the induction phase of the study, which takes between 35 and 56 days to complete. In comparison, patients
receiving SBRT during the induction phase are only required to complete 5 treatments, over 5 consecutive days, and do not receive
oral chemotherapy. The decision to modify the study population was based on the observation in the Phase III TIGeR-PaC study that
IMRT patients had a higher dropout rate during the induction phase of the study due to the high frequency of hospital visits and
side effects from the required concurrent chemotherapy. As part of the pre-randomization, induction phase change made to the
protocol, we initiated a review of the statistical considerations for the study and in June 2022, submitted a modified Statistical
Analysis Plan (the Modified SAP to FDA. As part of the Modified SAP, we now plan to (i) analyze only patients
receiving SBRT, consistent with the protocol change made in December 2021, (ii) include a second interim analysis, (iii) change the
total number of SBRT patients randomized in the study to 114 (a reduction from the original 200 patients) with a total of 86 deaths
from SBRT patients, including all deaths from SBRT patients enrolled in the study before the submission of the Modified SAP, and
(iv) repower the study from 90 to 80 , which is commonly used in clinical trials. We believe these changes will shorten the
timeframe needed to complete the study and also significantly decrease our costs. We have not discussed the protocol amendment or
the Modified SAP with the FDA, and we cannot provide any assurance that the FDA will agree with these modifications. The first
planned interim analysis was triggered when 30 , or 26 of 86, of the total number of deaths occurred (and announced in March 2023),
and the second interim analysis at 60 , or 52 of 86, of the total number of deaths have occurred and is estimated to be mid-2024. Given that the timing of the
interim analysis is predicated on a specific number of deaths, it is difficult to predict the exact timing of the interim analysis
or when we will be able to complete the study. As of March 20, 2023, the Phase III TIGeR-PaC trial has randomized 48 SBRT patients
out of 114 total needed under the Modified SAP. At this rate, we anticipate that all patients will be enrolled and randomized in
2024, with the final study readout in 2025. We submitted a protocol amendment to FDA in the fourth quarter of 2022 to reflect
the changes in the Modified SAP. 

We
are also planning to evaluate RenovoGem in a second indication in a Phase II/III trial in extrahepatic (or outside the liver) cholangiocarcinoma
(or eCCA), cancer that occurs in the bile ducts that lead out of the liver and join with the gallbladder. After significant input from
key opinion leaders across the spectrum of relevant medical specialties and feedback from the FDA, we submitted the protocol for a Phase
II/III eCCA clinical trial to FDA. If FDA does not object to our study protocol, we anticipate launching the eCCA trial and enrolling
the first patient this year. In addition, we may evaluate RenovoGem in other indications, potentially including locally
advanced lung cancer, locally advanced uterine tumors, and glioblastoma (an aggressive type of cancer that can occur in the brain or
spinal cord). To date, we are focused on developing drug/device candidates with gemcitabine, but in the future, we may develop other
product candidates with other chemotherapeutic agents for intra-arterial delivery via our RenovoTAMP therapy platform. 

Since
our inception, we have devoted substantially all of our efforts to developing our cancer therapy platform and product candidates, raising
capital and organizing and staffing our Company. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through issuance of convertible preferred
stock with net proceeds of 11.8 million, convertible notes with net proceeds of 15.0 million, and a loan of 140,000 pursuant to the
Paycheck Protection Program PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ),
which was forgiven in February 2021. In August 2021, we completed our IPO with aggregate gross proceeds of 16.7 million. We paid underwriting
discounts and commissions of 1.3 million, and incurred expenses of 0.8 million in connection
with the offering. As a result, the net offering proceeds to us, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering
expenses were 14.6 million. 

60 

We
have incurred significant operating losses and generated negative cash flows from operations since our inception. As of December 31,
2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities of 6.4 million. We had net losses of 9.9 million and 6.3
million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 31.2
million. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses, increasing operating losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable
future. We do not expect to generate revenues from product sales unless and until we successfully complete development and obtain regulatory
approval for one or more product candidates. We expect that our expenses will increase substantially in connection with our ongoing research
and development activities, particularly as we: 

Advance
 clinical development of RenovoGem and our platform technology by continuing to enroll patients
 in our ongoing Phase III TIGeR-PaC clinical trial, expanding the number of clinical trials
 including our planned clinical trial in HCCA, and advancing RenovoGem through preclinical
 and clinical development in additional indications; 

Hire
 additional research, development, engineering, and general and administrative personnel; 

Maintain,
 expand, enforce, defend, and protect our intellectual property portfolio; and 

Expand
 our operational, financial and management systems and increase personnel, including personnel
 to support our clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization efforts and our
 operations as a public company. 

In
addition to the variables described above, if and when any of our product candidates successfully complete development, we will incur
substantial additional costs associated with establishing a sales, marketing, medical affairs and distribution infrastructure to commercialize
products for which we may obtain marketing approval, regulatory filings, marketing approval, and post-marketing requirements, in addition
to other commercial costs. We cannot reasonably estimate these costs at this time. 

Due
to our recurring operating losses and the expectation that we will continue to incur net losses in the future, we will be required to
raise additional capital to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. We have historically financed our
operations primarily through private sales of our equity, debt financing and the sale of common stock and warrants in our initial public
offering, or IPO. To raise additional capital, we may seek to sell additional equity and/or debt securities, obtain a credit facility
or other loan or enter into collaborations, licenses or other similar arrangements, which we may not be able to do on favorable terms,
or at all. For example, we have filed an omnibus shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that provides for aggregate offerings of up
to 50.0 million of the Company s securities subject to various limitations, including limited sales in any twelve-month period
while we are subject to the baby-shelf rules. We also have filed a registration statement on Form S-1 to register the cash
exercise of our outstanding warrants, with such cash exercise only expected to occur when the trading price of our common stock is in
excess of the 10.80 per share exercise price of our outstanding warrants. Our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject
to a number of factors, including market conditions, fluctuations in interest rates, our operating performance and investor sentiment.
If we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or
discontinue the development and/or commercialization of our product candidates, restrict or cease our operations or obtain funds by entering
into agreements on unfavorable terms. Failure to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all, would result in a material
and adverse impact on our operations. As a result, there is substantial doubt about our ability to operate as a going concern. 

Our
financial statements as of December 31, 2022 have been prepared on a going concern basis and do not include any adjustments that may
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Based on our operating plans, we do not expect that our current cash and cash equivalents
as of December 31, 2022, will be sufficient to fund our operating, investing and financing cash flow needs till at least the third quarter
of fiscal year 2023, assuming our programs advance as currently contemplated. 

As
a result, we will require significant additional funding to support our continuing operations. Until such time, if ever, as we can
generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through private or public equity financings, debt
financings and collaborations, licenses or other similar arrangements. We currently have no credit facility or committed
sources of capital. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the future sale of equity or debt, the ownership
interests of our stockholders will be diluted and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that
adversely affect the rights of our existing common stockholders. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt
securities, these securities could contain covenants that would restrict our operations. We may require additional capital beyond
our currently anticipated amounts and additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all. If we raise additional
funds through collaboration arrangements or other strategic transactions in the future, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to
our technologies or future revenue streams or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise
additional funds through private or public equity financings or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit,
reduce or terminate development or future commercialization efforts, and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. If we are
unable to continue as a going concern, we might have to liquidate our assets and the value we receive for our assets in liquidation
or dissolution could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our financial statements, and our shareholders may lose
their entire investment in our common stock. 

Impact
of COVID-19 

The ongoing COVID-19 global and national health emergency has caused significant disruption in the international
and U.S. economies and financial markets. The continued spread of COVID-19, and its variants, has caused illness, quarantines, cancellation
of events and travel, business and school shutdowns, reduction in business activity and financial transactions, labor shortages, supply
chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability. 

In
response to public health directives and orders and to help minimize the risk of the virus to employees, we have taken precautionary
measures, including implementing hybrid work policies for certain employees. The ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic also has negatively
affected, and we expect will continue to negatively affect, our clinical studies. For example, we have faced challenges in conducting
our clinical trials, including recruiting subjects and accommodating patient visits. Additionally, our service providers and their operations
may be disrupted, temporarily closed or experience worker or supply shortages, which could result in additional disruptions or delays
in shipments of purchased materials or the continued development of our product candidates. To date, we have not suffered material supply
chain disruptions. 

We
are not able to estimate the duration of the pandemic and the potential impact on our business. As the COVID-19 global pandemic continues
to evolve, it could result in significant long-term disruption of global financial markets, including a period of a rising rate of inflation,
reducing our ability to raise additional capital when needed and on acceptable terms, if at all, which could negatively affect our liquidity.
The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our clinical development and regulatory efforts will depend on future developments
that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the duration of the continued outbreak, new travel restrictions,
quarantines and social distancing requirements in the United States and other countries, business closures or business disruptions and
the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other countries to contain and treat the virus. We will continue to monitor
the COVID-19 situation closely. 

Components
of Our Results of Operations 

Revenue 

We
have not generated any revenue from product sales and do not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of products for several years,
if at all. If our development efforts for our current or future product candidates are successful and result in marketing approval or
collaboration or license agreements with third parties, we may generate revenue in the future from a combination of product sales or
payments from collaboration or license agreements. 

61 

Operating
Expenses 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development expenses consist of costs related to the research and development of our platform technology. Clinical trial costs
are a significant component of research and development expenses and include costs associated with third-party contractors and
consultants. We outsource a substantial portion of our clinical trial activities, utilizing the service of third-party clinical
trial sites and contract research organizations to assist us with the execution of our clinical trials. In addition, we have FDA
510(k) clearance for the RenovoCath delivery device, which comprises part of the RenovoGem product. Accordingly, we are able to
charge our clinical trial sites for the RenovoCath delivery device. To date, payments from clinical trial sites in consideration for
RenovoCath delivery devices have been adequate to cover our direct manufacturing costs. Any payments we receive from clinical trial
sites as consideration for use of RenovoCath delivery devices offset our research and development expenses. We expect our research
and development expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of our product candidates and enroll
subjects in our ongoing Phase III clinical trial, initiate new clinical trials and pursue regulatory approval of our product
candidates. It is difficult to predict with any certainty the duration and costs of completing our current or future clinical trials
of our product candidates or if, when or to what extent we will achieve regulatory approval and generate revenue from the
commercialization and sale of our product candidates. The duration, costs and timing of clinical trials and other development of our
product candidates will depend on a variety of factors, including uncertainties in clinical trial enrollment, timing and extent of
future clinical trials, development of new product candidates and significant and changing government regulation. We may never
succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. 

Our
research and development expenses include: 

expenses
 incurred under agreements with clinical trial sites, contract research organizations, and
 consultants that are involved in conducting our clinical trials; 

costs
 of acquiring and developing clinical trial materials; 

personnel
 costs, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, and stock-based compensation for employees
 engaged in preclinical and clinical research and development; 

costs
 related to compliance with regulatory requirements; 

third-party
 vendor costs related to manufacturing materials and testing; 

costs
 related to preclinical studies and pilot testing; 

travel
 expenses; and 

allocated
 general and administrative expenses which includes facilities and other indirect administrative
 expenses to support research and development activities. 

Research
and development costs are expensed as incurred. Costs for certain development activities, such as clinical trials and preclinical studies,
are recognized based on evaluation of progress to completion of specific tasks using data such as subject enrollment, clinical site activations
or information provided to us by third party vendors. 

Due
to the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and work-from-home policies and other operational limitations mandated by federal, state,
and local governments as a result of the pandemic, certain of our research and development activities were delayed and may be further
delayed until we and our vendors return to pre-pandemic operations and capacity. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses consist of salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation for personnel in executive, finance and administrative
functions, professional services and associated costs related to accounting, tax, audit, legal, intellectual property and other matters,
consulting costs, conferences, travel and allocated expenses for rent, insurance and other general overhead costs. We expect to continue
to incur additional expenses as a result of operating as a public company, including costs to comply with the rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and Nasdaq listing standards and increased expenses in the areas of insurance, professional
services and investor relations. As a result, we expect our general and administrative expenses to increase in the foreseeable future.
General and administrative expenses are expensed as incurred. 

Other
Income (Expenses), Net 

Interest
Income (Expense) Net 

Interest
expense consists of charges relating to the amortization of the debt discount and debt issuance costs as well as interest on prior amounts
outstanding on our convertible notes. In March 2020, we completed the offering of 3.0 million of convertible notes, the 2020 Convertible
Notes, that provided for the automatic conversion into shares of our common stock and warrants at the closing of our IPO at a 20 discount
to the public offering price of the units. In April 2021, we completed the offering of 2.0 million of convertible notes, the 2021 Convertible
Notes, that provided for the automatic conversion into shares of our common stock and warrants at the closing of our IPO at a 12.5 discount
to the public offering price of the units. 

Interest
income is earned from cash deposited in our short-term marketable securities and money market account. 

Other
Income (Expense), Net 

Other
income, net primarily represents the mark-to-market adjustment on the derivative liability resulting from the 2020 and 2021 Convertible
Notes. Upon the completion of our IPO in August 2021, the 2020 and 2021 Convertible Notes were converted into units consisting of (a)
one share of common stock and (b) one five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price equal to 10.80 per
share. 

Gain
on Loan Extinguishment 

The
gain on loan extinguishment for the year ended December 31, 2021 represents the loan extinguishment from the forgiveness and cancellation
of our loan pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP as well as the loss from the conversion and settlement of
our 2020 and 2021 Convertible Notes. 

Income
Tax Expense 

We
account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded
based on the estimated future tax effects of differences between the financial statement and income tax basis of existing assets and
liabilities. Deferred income tax assets and
liabilities are recorded net and classified as noncurrent on the balance sheets. A valuation allowance is provided against our deferred
income tax assets when their realization is more likely than not. 

62 

We
are subject to income taxes in the federal and state jurisdictions. Tax regulations within each jurisdiction are subject to the interpretation
of the related tax laws and regulations and require significant judgment to apply. In accordance with the authoritative guidance on accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes, we recognize tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions when it is more likely than not that a tax
position will not be sustained upon examination and settlement with various taxing authorities. Liabilities for uncertain tax positions
are measured based upon the largest amount of benefit that is more-likely-than-not (greater than 50 of being realized upon settlement.
Our policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. 

On
March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted. The CARES Act includes several significant provisions for corporations, including the usage
of net operating losses, interest deductions and payroll benefits. Corporate taxpayers may carryback net operating losses, or NOLs, originating
during 2018 through 2020 for up to five years. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table summarizes the significant components of our results of operations for the periods presented (in thousands, except
percentages): 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Increase / 
 (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 4,301 
 3,039 
 1,262 
 42 
 
 General and administrative 
 5,649 
 2,632 
 3,017 
 115 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 9,950 
 5,671 
 4,279 
 75 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (9,950 
 (5,671 
 (4,279 
 75 
 
 Other income (expense), net 

Interest income (expense), net 
 57 
 (834 
 891 
 107 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 4 
 119 
 (115 
 (97 
 
 Gain on loan extinguishment 
 - 
 62 
 (62 
 (100 
 
 Total other income (expense), net 
 61 
 (653 
 714 
 109 
 
 Net loss 
 (9,889 
 (6,324 
 (3,565 
 (56 

Research
and Development 

The
following table summarizes our research and development expenses (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Increase / 
 (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 

Preclinical research and development 
 1,861 
 861 
 1,000 
 
 Clinical development 
 1,548 
 1528 
 20 
 
 Personnel 
 690 
 583 
 107 
 
 Regulatory 
 343 
 300 
 43 
 
 Clinical site payments for RenovoCath devices 
 (141 
 (233 
 92 
 
 Total research and development 
 4,301 
 3,039 
 1,262 

Research
and development expenses were 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 1.3 million compared to 3.0
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Preclinical research and development expense increased 1.0 million, which was
primarily due to an increase in allocated general and administrative support costs for personnel, facility and office supplies of
 0.4 million, a 0.2 million increase in costs associated with a secondary manufacturer for RenovoCath delivery devices, a 0.2
million increase for contracted research and development costs related to FDA compliance of our ongoing Phase III clinical trial
data, and a 0.2 million increase in the costs of other supplies and marketing expenses. Clinical development expense remained
unchanged from the prior year, including a 0.8 million increase in costs associated with consulting which was offset by a 0.8
million decrease in the Phase III clinical trial costs due to slower patient enrollment in the year, including the unwinding of the
European clinical study. Employee and related benefits expense increased 0.1 million year over year. Cash payments made for use of
RenovoCath delivery devices used in the Phase III clinical trial decreased by 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022
compared to 2021 primarily due to slower enrollment of patients in the study To date, payments received from clinical trial sites
for the devices have been adequate to cover our direct costs of manufacturing the RenovoCath delivery devices and to offset research
and development expenses. We expect the costs of research and development to be higher next year. 

63 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

The
following table summarizes our general and administrative expenses (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Increase / 
 (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 

Professional services and other 
 3,166 
 1,364 
 1,802 
 
 Personnel 
 1,916 
 998 
 918 
 
 Legal fees 
 567 
 270 
 297 
 
 Total general and administrative 
 5,649 
 2,632 
 3,017 

General
and administrative expenses were 5.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 3.0 million compared to 2.6
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in professional services and other
expense which included a 1.1 million increase in continuing post-IPO support from consulting and professional services, a 0.8
million increase in Directors and Officers Liability Insurance, and a 0.2 million increase in franchise tax fees, partially offset
by a 0.4 million increase in the allocation of general and administrative expenses to research and development. Employee and
related benefit expense increased 0.9 million primarily due to costs related to salaries and benefit expenses including the
addition of general and administrative personnel. Legal fees expense increased 0.3 million year over year, primarily due to our
ongoing transition to becoming a publicly traded company including other legal fees and regulatory filings. We expect general and
administrative expenses to be higher in the next fiscal year. 

Interest
(Expense) Income, Net (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Increase / 
 (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 

Interest income (expense), net 
 57 
 (834 
 891 

Interest
income was 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 0.9 million compared to interest (expense) of 0.8 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest (expense) income, net was primarily due to the conversion of the 2020
and 2021 Convertible Notes upon the closing of the IPO, see Note 6. Convertible Notes in Notes to Financial Statements
in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Interest expense includes both the stated interest on the 2020 and 2021 Convertible Notes
of 5 per annum, or 0.1 million, and the amortization of the discount and debt issuance costs associated with the 2020 and 2021 Convertible
Notes of 0.7 million in fiscal year 2021. 

Other
Income (Expense), Net (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Increase / 
 (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 

Other income (expense), net 
 4 
 119 
 (115 

Other
income, net was nil for the year ended December 31, 2022. Other income, net was 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and
represents the mark-to-market adjustment on the derivative liabilities resulting from the 2020 and 2021 Convertible Notes. We do not
expect to incur significant income or expense in the next fiscal year. 

Gain
on Loan Extinguishment (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Increase / 
 (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 

Gain on loan extinguishment 
 - 
 62 
 (62 

The
gain on loan extinguishment was nil for the year ended December 31,2022. The gain on loan extinguishment was 0.1 million for the year ended December 31,
2021 represents a loss of 0.1 million on the automatic conversion of the 2020 and 2021 Convertible Notes upon completion of our
IPO, offset by the forgiveness and cancellation of our PPP loan of 0.1 million. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our net losses were 9.9 million and 6.3 million, respectively. As of December
31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 31.2 million. Our primary requirements for liquidity have been to fund our clinical trial
activity and general corporate and working capital needs. In August 2021, we completed our IPO and received aggregate gross proceeds
of 16.7 million. We paid underwriting discounts and commissions of 1.3 million, and we also incurred expenses of 0.8 million in connection
with the offering. As a result, the net offering proceeds to us, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering
expenses, were 14.6 million. In February 2021, we received notification and confirmation from Silicon Valley Bank that our PPP loan
of 140,000 was forgiven in its entirety and automatically cancelled by the U.S. Small Business Administration. 

Based
on our operating plans, we do not expect that our current cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, will be sufficient to fund our
operating, investing and financing cash flow needs for at least the next twelve months, assuming our programs advance as currently contemplated.
Based upon this review and the Company s current financial condition, the Company has concluded that substantial doubt exists as
to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. We believe we will be able to raise additional capital through debt financing,
private or public equity financings, license agreements, collaborative agreements or other arrangements with other companies, or other
sources of financing. There can be no assurance that such financing will be available or will be at terms acceptable to us. If we are
unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our clinical trials or other
operations. If any of these events occur, our ability to achieve our operational goals would be adversely affected. Our future capital
requirements and the adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors, including those described in the section titled Risk
Factors. Depending on the severity and direct impact of these factors on us, we may be unable to secure additional financing to
meet our operating requirements on commercially acceptable terms favorable to us, or at all. 

64 

The
Company has filed an omnibus shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that provides for the aggregate offerings of up to 50.0 million
of the Company s securities subject to various limitations, including limited sales in any twelve-month period while the Company
is subject to the baby-shelf rules. The Company has also filed a registration statement on Form S-1 to register the cash
exercise of the Company s outstanding IPO, underwriter and private warrants. Cash exercise of the outstanding warrants is only
expected to occur when the trading price of the Company s common stock is in excess of the 10.80 per share exercise price of the
outstanding warrants. 

Sources
of Liquidity 

Since
our inception, we have not generated any revenue from product sales and we have incurred significant operating losses and negative cash
flows from operations. We anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. We do not have any products
that have achieved regulatory marketing approval and we do not expect to generate revenue from sales of any product candidates for several
years, if ever. 

We
have financed our operations primarily through the issuance and sale of convertible preferred stock and convertible debt. Through the
date of this report, we have raised an aggregate of 35.0 million from private placements of our convertible preferred stock, convertible
debt securities, the issuance of securities in our August 2021 IPO, and the exercise of warrants and common stock options. This amount
also includes a loan under the PPP, which was forgiven in February 2021. 

On
March 30, 2023, we entered into a definitive securities purchase agreement under our shelf registration statement for the purchase
and sale of our common stock, including the issuance of pre-funded common stock warrants, for aggregate gross proceeds of
approximately 5 million before deducting placement fees and other offering expenses. See Note 13. Subsequent Events 
in Notes to Financial Statements. 

Cash
Flows 

Our
primary uses of cash are to fund our operations including research and development and general and administrative expenses. We will continue
to incur operating losses in the future and expect that our research and development and general and administrative expenses will continue
to increase as we continue our research and development efforts with respect to clinical development of our product candidates and further
develop our platform. We have used a substantial portion of the net proceeds of the IPO, in combination with our existing cash and cash
equivalents, for these purposes and for the increased expenses associated with being a public company. Cash used to fund operating expenses
is impacted by the timing of when we pay expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

The
following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 
 (8,811 
 (5,916 
 
 Investing activities 
 (2,032 
 (15 
 
 Financing activities 
 42 
 19,328 
 
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (10,801 
 13,397 

Cash
Used in Operating Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflected a net loss of 9.9 million adjusted for net change
in our operating assets and liabilities of 0.4 million and net non-cash charges of 0.6 million, consisting primarily of
stock-based compensation expense. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflected a net loss of
 6.3 million adjusted for a net change in our operating assets and liabilities of 0.3 million, offset by net non-cash charges of
 0.7 million consisting primarily of amortization of a debt discount, gain/loss on loan/convertible debt extinguishments and
stock-based compensation expense. 

Cash
Used in Investing Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.0 million consisted of purchases and proceeds of U.S. Treasury
bills, which are classified as available-for-sale securities. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021
was 15,000 consisted of capital expenditures made for leasehold improvements to our office space. 

Cash
Provided by Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing in the year ended December 31, 2022 was 42,000 consisted of exercise of stock options. Net cash provided
by financing in the year ended December 31, 2021 was 19.3 million, consisting of net proceeds of 14.6 million from the issuance of
common stock in our IPO, 2.0 million from the issuance of convertible notes and 2.8 million from the exercise of warrants and stock
options. 

Contractual
Obligations and Other Commitments 

As
of the date of this report, we have no contractual obligations or other commitments. In August 2021, the 2020 and 2021 Convertible Notes,
including accrued interest, of 5.3 million were converted to common shares upon the completion of our IPO. In February 2021, the Company
received notification and confirmation from Silicon Valley Bank that its PPP loan of 0.1 million, had been forgiven in its entirety
and automatically cancelled by the U.S. Small Business Administration. There have been no other significant changes in our contractual
obligations or other commitments as of December 31, 2022. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

The
accompanying management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial
statements and the related disclosures, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the
reported amounts in our financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. To the extent that there are material
differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows will be affected. While our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our financial statements
included elsewhere in this report, we believe that the following critical accounting policies are most important to understanding and
evaluating our reported financial results because they require us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments about matters that are
inherently uncertain. 

65 

A
critical accounting policy is defined as one that is both material to the presentation of our financial statements and requires management
to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments that could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Specifically, critical accounting estimates have the following attributes: (i) we are required to make assumptions about matters that
are highly uncertain at the time of the estimate and (ii) different estimates we could reasonably have used, or changes in the
estimate that are reasonably likely to occur, would have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Clinical
Trial Expenses 

We
make payments in connection with our Phase III clinical trial under contracts with clinical trial sites and contract research organizations
that support conducting and managing clinical trials. The financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation and vary from
contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. Generally, these agreements set forth the scope of work to be performed
at a fixed fee, unit price or on a time and materials basis. A portion of the obligation to make payments under these contracts depends
on factors such as the successful enrollment or treatment of patients or the completion of other clinical trial milestones. 

Expenses
related to clinical trials are accrued based on estimates and/or representations from service providers regarding work performed, including
actual level of patient enrollment, completion of patient studies and progress of the clinical trials. Other incidental costs related
to patient enrollment or treatment are accrued when reasonably estimable. If the amounts we are obligated to pay under clinical trial
agreements are modified (for instance, as a result of changes in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), the accruals
are adjusted accordingly. Revisions to contractual payment obligations are charged to expense in the period in which the facts that give
rise to the revision become reasonably certain. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
estimate the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which incorporates various assumptions including
those related to the fair value of our common stock, volatility, expected term, and risk-free interest rate. Compensation related to
service-based awards is recognized starting on the grant date on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, which is generally four
years, see Note 8. Equity Inventive Plan Stock-Based Compensation and Common Stock Warrants in Notes to Financial
Statements. 

Determining
the grant date fair value of options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model requires management to make assumptions and judgments.
If any of the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model change significantly, stock-based compensation for future awards may differ
materially compared with the awards granted previously. The assumptions and estimates are as follows: 

Fair
Value of Common Stock Given the absence of a public trading market, pre-IPO, our Board considered numerous objective and subjective
factors to determine the fair value of our common stock at each grant date. These factors included but were not limited to: (i) contemporaneous
third-party valuations of common stock; (ii) the prices for preferred stock sold to outside investors; (iii) the rights and preferences
of preferred stock relative to common stock; (iv) the lack of marketability of our common stock; (v) developments in the business; and
(vi) the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event, such as an IPO or sale of the business, given prevailing market conditions. The methodology
to determine the fair value of our common stock included estimating the fair value of the enterprise using the backsolve 
method, which is a market approach that assigns an implied enterprise value by accounting for all share class rights and preferences
based on the latest round of financing. The total equity value implied was then applied in the context of an option pricing model to
determine the value of each class of our shares. 

For
grants issued post-IPO, we rely on the closing price of our common stock as reported on the date of grant to determine the fair value
of our common stock, as shares of our common stock are traded in the public market. 

Expected
Term The expected term represents the period that the stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. We determine the expected
term using the simplified method for pre-IPO and post-IPO awards. The simplified method deems the term to be the average of the time-to-vesting
and the contractual life of the options. 

Expected
Volatility Given the absence of a public trading market, pre-IPO and post IPO, the expected volatility was estimated by taking
the average historic price volatility for industry peers, consisting of several public companies in our industry that are either similar
in size, stage, or financial leverage, over a period equivalent to the expected term of the awards. 

Risk-Free
Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is calculated using the average of the published interest rates of U.S. Treasury
zero-coupon issues with maturities that are commensurate with the expected term. 

Dividend
Rate The dividend yield assumption is zero as we have no plans to make dividend payments. 

Convertible
Instruments and Embedded Derivatives 

We
evaluate all of our agreements to determine whether such instruments have derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives.
We account for certain redemption features that are associated with the terms of convertible notes as liabilities at fair value and adjusts
the instruments to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for
as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with
changes in the fair value reported in other income (expenses), net in the statements of operations. Derivative instrument liabilities
are classified in the balance sheets as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument
could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. Our derivative financial instruments were related to the 2020 and 2021
Convertible Notes, which contained certain redemptive features. On August 30, 2021, we completed our IPO which triggered the automatic
conversion of all outstanding Convertible Notes and accrued interest into shares of common stock. 

66 

Emerging
Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status 

We
are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended, or the JOBS Act.
Under the JOBS Act, companies have extended transition periods available for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We have
elected this exemption to delay adopting new or revised accounting standards. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier
of (1) December 31, 2026, (2) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of at least 1.07 billion,
(3) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, or
(4) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. An
emerging growth company may take advantage of specified reduced reporting requirements and is relieved of certain other significant requirements
that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies. As an emerging growth company, 

we
 may present only two years of audited financial statements, plus unaudited condensed financial
 statements for any interim period, and related Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; 

we
 may avail ourselves of the exemption from the requirement to obtain an attestation and report
 from our auditors on the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant
 to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

we
 may provide reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; and 

we
 do not require stockholder non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden
 parachute arrangements. 

We
have elected to take advantage of certain of the reduced disclosure obligations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and may elect to take
advantage of other reduced reporting requirements in future filings. As a result, the information that we provide to our stockholders
may be different than you might receive from other public reporting companies in which you hold equity interests. 

We
are also a smaller reporting company, meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates plus the proposed
aggregate amount of gross proceeds to us as a result of this offering is less than 700.0 million and our annual revenue is less than
 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company if either (1) the market
value of our stock held by nonaffiliates is less than 250.0 million or (2) our annual revenue is less than 100.0 million during the
most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700.0 million. If we are a
smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure
requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present
only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, like emerging growth companies,
smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 

Recently
Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

See
 Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Notes to Financial Statements, to our audited financial statements
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 

67 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The
disclosures in this section are not required because we qualify as a smaller reporting company under federal securities laws. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
financial statements and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, as listed under Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits
and Financial Statement Schedules, are included as a separate section of this report beginning on page F-1 and are incorporated
herein by reference. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

On
December 7, 2021, our Board dismissed Frank, Rimerman + Co. LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm.
The report of Frank, Rimerman + Co. LLP on the Company s financial statements for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020,
and December 31, 2019, did not contain an adverse or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit
scope, or accounting principles, with the exception that the report dated May 12, 2021, contained an explanatory paragraph relating to
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

During
the interim period from December 31, 2020 through December 7, 2021, there were
no disagreements, as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K, between the Company and Frank, Rimerman
+ Co. LLP on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosures or auditing scope or procedures, which
disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Frank, Rimerman + Co. LLP, would have caused Frank, Rimerman + Co. LLP to make
reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in its reports on the financial statements for such time. 

There
were no reportable events, as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, during the interim period
from December 31, 2020 through December 7, 2021, except
for the existence of material weaknesses identified during Frank, Rimerman + Co. LLP s audit of our financial statements for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 related to (i) the Company s control environment, in particular
that there was an insufficient number of qualified accounting and financial reporting personnel with an appropriate level of
knowledge, training and experience to address complex accounting issues and a lack of appropriate segregation of duties due to the
small size of the accounting and financing department, and (ii) management review controls, specifically that the Company did not
properly design or maintain effective controls over journal entry review and account reconciliation. These material weaknesses have
not yet been remediated. 

On
December 7, 2021, the Company engaged Baker Tilly US, LLP Baker Tilly to serve as the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm. 

During
the interim period from December 31, 2020 through
December 7, 2021, neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has consulted with Baker Tilly regarding (i) the application
of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be
rendered on the Company s financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company that
Baker Tilly concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing, or
financial reporting issue, (ii) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of
Regulation S-K, or (iii) any reportable event within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a) Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial and Accounting
Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial and Accounting Officer have concluded that, during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective due to our previously identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting.
As a result, we have performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, notwithstanding the identified material weaknesses, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial and Accounting Officer, believes the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are fairly presented,
in all material respects, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange
Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and
that such information is accumulated, communicated and discussed with our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management
recognizes that controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance
the desired control objectives will be met. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management has weighed the cost of contemplated
controls against their intended benefits. The design of any system of controls is based on management s assumptions about the likelihood
of future events. We cannot assure you that our controls will achieve their stated goals under all possible conditions. Changes in future
conditions may render our controls inadequate or may cause our degree of compliance with them to deteriorate. Because of the inherent
limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

In
preparation for our IPO, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to our control environment.
Specifically, we have determined that we have not maintained adequate formal accounting policies, processes and controls related to complex
transactions as a result of a lack of finance and accounting staff with the appropriate GAAP technical expertise needed to identify,
evaluate and account for complex and non-routine transactions. We also determined that we have not maintained sufficient staffing or
written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting, which contributed to the lack of a formalized process or controls
for management s timely review and approval of financial information. More specifically, we have determined that our financial
statement close process includes significant control gaps mainly driven by the small size of our accounting and finance staff and, as
a result, a significant lack of appropriate segregation of duties. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of significant
deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. 

68 

We
are in the process of implementing a number of measures to address the material weaknesses that has been identified including: (i) engaging
additional accounting and financial reporting personnel with U.S. GAAP, and SEC reporting experience, (ii) developing, communicating
and implementing an accounting policy manual for our accounting and financial reporting personnel for recurring transactions and period-end
closing processes, and (iii) establishing effective monitoring and oversight controls for non-recurring and complex transactions to ensure
the accuracy and completeness of our financial statements and related disclosures. 

These
additional resources and procedures are designed to enable us to broaden the scope and quality of our internal review of underlying information
related to financial reporting and to formalize and enhance our internal control procedures. With the oversight of senior management
and our Audit Committee, we have begun taking steps and plan to take additional measures to remediate the underlying causes of the material
weaknesses. 

We
intend to complete the implementation of our remediation plan during 2023. Although we believe that our remediation plan will improve
our internal control over financial reporting, additional time may be required to fully implement it and to make conclusions regarding
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our management will closely monitor and modify, as appropriate, the
remediation plan to eliminate the identified material weakness. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or
an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by SEC rules for
newly public companies. For as long as we remain an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting
firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. When we lose our status as
an emerging growth company and reach an accelerated filer threshold, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required
to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

(c)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
during the last fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

69 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information
responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information
responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information
responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Information
responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Information
responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

70 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

1. Financial Statements 

Page 

Financial
Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Baker Tilly US, LLP (PCAOB Firm ID 
 F-1 

Balance Sheets 
 F-2 

Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-3 

Statements
 of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 F-4 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6 

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
financial statement schedules have been omitted because the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient
to require submission of the schedules, or because the information required is included in the financial statements and accompanying
notes included in this Form 10-K. 

3.
Exhibits 

See
 Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page of this Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

71 

RENOVORX,
INC. 

 EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 

 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 

3.1 
 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of RenovoRx, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40738 
 
 3.1 
 
 August
 31, 2021 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of RenovoRx, Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-40738 
 
 3.2 
 
 March
 30, 2022 

4.1 
 
 Form of Private Common Stock Warrant (related to the 2020 Convertible Notes and 2021 Convertible Notes) 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-40738 
 
 4.1 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

4.2 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-258071 
 
 4.1 
 
 August
 25, 2021 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement (including the terms of the Warrants) 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-258071 
 
 4.2 
 
 August
 25, 2021 

4.4 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate evidencing the Shares of Common Stock 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-258071 
 
 4.4 
 
 August
 25, 2021 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant Certificate 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-258071 
 
 4.5 
 
 August
 25, 2021 

4.6 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-40738 
 
 4.6 
 
 March
 30, 2022 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2018 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-40738 
 
 10.1 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan and Forms of Stock Option Grant Notice and Option Agreement 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-40738 
 
 10.2 
 
 March
 30, 2022 

10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Outside Director Compensation Policy 
 
 Filed herewith 

10.4 
 
 Confirmatory Offer Letter, by and between RenovoRx, Inc. and Shaun Bagai, dated November 11, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-40738 
 
 10.4 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

10.5 
 
 Consulting Agreement, by and between RenovoRx, Inc. and Ramtin Agah, M.D., dated January 1, 2018 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-40738 
 
 10.5 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

10.6 
 
 Amendment to Consulting Agreement, by and between RenovoRx, Inc. and Ramtin Agah, M.D., dated November 11, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-40738 
 
 10.6 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

10.7 
 
 Amendment to Consulting Agreement, by and between RenovoRx, Inc. and Ramtin Agah, M.D., dated January 25, 2022 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-40738 
 
 10.7 
 
 March
 30, 2022 

10.8 
 
 Change in Control and Severance Agreement, by and between RenovoRx, Inc. and Shaun Bagai, effective as of November 11, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-40738 
 
 10.7 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

10.9 
 
 Change in Control and Severance Agreement, by and between RenovoRx, Inc. and Ramtin Agah, M.D., effective as of November 11, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-40738 
 
 10.8 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

10.10 
 
 Key Service Provider Incentive Compensation Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-40738 
 
 10.9 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

10.11 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-258071 
 
 10.7 
 
 August
 25, 2021 

10.12 + 
 
 Master Supply Agreement, dated October 28, 2019, by and between Medical Murray, Inc. and RenovoRx, Inc. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-258071 
 
 10.11 
 
 August
 25, 2021 

10.13 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between RenovoRx, Inc. and Danforth Advisors, LLC, dated April 25, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40738 
 
 10.1 
 
 July
 19, 2022 

10.14 
 
 Offer Letter between RenovoRx, Inc. and Angela Gill Nelms 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40738 
 
 10.1 
 
 September
 19, 2022 

10.15 
 
 Change in Control and Severance Agreement by and between RenovoRx, Inc. and Angela Gill Nelms, dated August 17, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40738 
 
 10.2 
 
 September
 19, 2022 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Baker Tilly US, LLP 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this Form 10-K) 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 
 Furnished
 herewith 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 
 Furnished
 herewith 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Instance Document (the instance document does not appear on the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags
 are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in the Interactive Data Files submitted as Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

+
Confidential portions of this Exhibit were redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K and RenovoRx, Inc. agrees to furnish
supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any redacted information or omitted schedule and/or exhibit upon request. 

The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report,
irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

72 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RENOVORX,
 INC. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Shaun R. Bagai 

Shaun
 R. Bagai 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 James M. Ahlers 

James
 M. Ahlers 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Shaun R. Bagai and James M. Ahlers
as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and
in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and
thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person,
hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or his or her or their substitute or substitutes,
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature

Title 
 
 Date 

Chief Executive Officer,
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Shaun R. Bagai 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 James M. Ahlers 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

Chairman of the Board of
 Directors 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Ramtin Agah, M.D. 

Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Laurence J. Marton, M.D. 

Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Una S. Ryan, O.B.E., Ph.D., D.Sc. 

Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Kirsten Angela Macfarlane 

Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 David Diamond 

73 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of RenovoRx, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
RenovoRx, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss,
convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the financial
statements (collectively the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt About
the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred
significant losses and negative cash flows from operations since its inception. The Company incurred a net loss of 9.9 million during
the year ended December 31, 2022, and reported an accumulated deficit of 31.2 million as of December 31, 2022. These matters raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions and
management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2021. 

March
31, 2023 

F- 1 

RenovoRx,
Inc. 

 Balance
Sheets 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts 

2022 
 2021 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Leasehold improvements, net 
 - 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 
 - 

Convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity: 

Convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity 

Total liabilities, convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

RenovoRx,
Inc. 

 Statements
of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest income (expense), net 

Other income, net 

Gain on loan extinguishment 
 - 

Total other income (expenses), net 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income: 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive loss 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

RenovoRx,
Inc. 

 Statements
of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

 in
thousands, except share amounts) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Convertible Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance December
 31, 2020 

- 

Conversion
 of convertible preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of convertible notes and accrued interest to units upon initial public offering 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Reclassification
 of derivative liability upon conversion of convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Proceeds
 from initial public offering, net of underwriters commissions, discounts and issuance costs of 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock upon exercise of warrants issued upon initial public offering 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Reverse
 stock split adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of common stock upon exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December
 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock upon exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of restricted stock awards 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December
 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

RenovoRx,
Inc. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

 in
thousands 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Amortization on leasehold improvements 

Gain on change in fair value of derivative liability 
 - 

Gain on loan extinguishment from PPP loan 
 - 

Loss on loan extinguishment 
 - 

Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Expenditures for leasehold improvements 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock upon initial public offering 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 - 

Proceeds from convertible notes 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents: 

Beginning of year 

End of year 

Supplemental cash flow data: 

Derivative liability 
 - 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock upon IPO 
 - 

Conversion of convertible notes upon IPO 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

RenovoRx,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

units at a price of per unit. Each unit consisted
of (a) one share of common stock and (b) one warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price equal to per share,
which is exercisable for a period of after the issuance date. The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option to purchase
 common stock warrants on August 30, 2021. In connection with the IPO, the underwriters were issued a five-year warrant, exercisable
on or after February 25, 2022, to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of . 

The
Company received aggregate gross proceeds of million from the IPO, paid underwriting discounts and commissions of million
and incurred other expenses of million, resulting in net offering proceeds of million. Immediately prior to the closing of
the IPO, all shares of convertible preferred stock then outstanding were converted into shares of common stock after giving
effect to the reverse stock split. In addition, all of the outstanding 2020 and 2021 Convertible Notes, representing principal and accrued
but unpaid interest of million, 
units. Each unit consisted of (a) one share of common stock and (b) one five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an
exercise price equal to 10.80 per share . 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
August 5, 2021, the Company effected a of its issued and outstanding preferred stock and common stock. The
number of authorized shares and the par values of the common stock and convertible preferred stock were not adjusted as a result of the
reverse stock split. Adjustments corresponding to the reverse stock split were made to the ratio at which the Company s convertible
preferred stock converted into the Company s common stock. Accordingly, all share and per share amounts related to the common stock,
stock options, warrants and restricted stock awards for all periods presented in the accompanying financial statements and notes thereto
have been retroactively adjusted. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

From
the Company s inception through December 31, 2022, it has raised an aggregate of million from private placements of convertible
preferred stock, convertible debt securities, the issuance of securities in the IPO, and the exercise of warrants and common stock options.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities of million. 

The
Company has incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations since its inception. For the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company reported a net loss of million and an accumulated deficit of million and does not expect to generate positive
cash flows from operations in the foreseeable future. The Company expects to incur significant and increasing losses until regulatory
approval is granted for its first product candidate, RenovoGem . Regulatory approval is not guaranteed and may never be obtained.
The Company believes it will be able to raise additional capital through debt financings, private or public equity financings, license
agreements, collaborative agreements or other arrangements with other companies, or other sources of financing. There can be no assurance
that such financing will be available or will be at terms acceptable to the Company. The inability to raise capital as and when needed
would have a negative impact on the Company s liquidity financial condition and its ability to pursue its business strategy. The
Company will need to generate significant revenue to achieve profitability, and it may never do so. 

The
Company has filed an omnibus shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that provides for the aggregate offerings of up to million
of the Company s securities subject to various limitations, including limited sales in any twelve-month period while the Company
is subject to the baby-shelf rules. The Company has also filed a registration statement on Form S-1 to register the cash
exercise of the Company s outstanding IPO, underwriter and private warrants. Cash exercise of the outstanding warrants is only
expected to occur when the trading price of the Company s common stock is in excess of the per share exercise price of the
outstanding warrants. 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern and has reviewed the
relevant conditions and events surrounding its ability to continue as a going concern including among others: historical losses, projected
future results, negative cash flows from operations, including the effects of the ongoing novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, cash requirements for the upcoming year, funding capacity, net working capital, total stockholders equity and future
access to capital. Based upon this review and the Company s current financial condition, the Company has concluded that substantial
doubt exists as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

. The Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of default by the financial institutions holding its cash and cash equivalents
to the extent recorded in the balance sheets. The Company has not experienced any losses on its deposits of cash and cash equivalents. 

The
Company relied, and expects to rely, on a small number of third-party manufacturers to manufacture and supply its RenovoCath devices
and its product candidates for clinical trials. These activities could be adversely affected by a significant interruption in supply
of these items. If the Company does not successfully commercialize or partner any of its product candidates, it will be unable to generate
product revenue or achieve profitability. 

and for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We
are also a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. If we are a smaller reporting company
at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that
are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most
recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, like emerging growth companies, smaller reporting
companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 

From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB or other standard setting bodies and adopted by the Company as of
the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not
have a material impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

- 

- 

Employee benefits 

Other 

Total accrued expenses 

million and million, respectively, in a money market account. 

- 
 - 

Available-for-sale securities: 

U.S. Treasury bills 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 using: 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Initial fair value of instruments issued 
 - 

Change in fair value of instruments 
 - 

Conversion upon IPO 
 - 

Fair value, end of period 
 - 
 - 

There
were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 during the periods presented. The Company had no other financial assets or liabilities
that were required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

million of convertible promissory notes,
which, if not converted, had an initial maturity date of . The Company entered into a series of convertible note payable
agreements (the 2020 Convertible Notes for aggregate borrowings of million. The 2020 Convertible Notes bore interest
at the rate of per annum and could not be prepaid prior to the maturity date unless approved in writing by the Company and requisite
holders. 

The
terms of the 2020 Convertible Notes provided for automatic conversion into equity shares in the next equity financing round with total
proceeds of not less than million (a Qualified Financing ), at a conversion price per share equal to of the price
per share paid by investors purchasing such equity securities in a Qualified Financing. For purposes of the 2020 Convertible Notes, equity
securities meant the Company s common stock, preferred stock or any securities providing for rights to purchase the Company s
common stock, preferred stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for the Company s common stock or preferred stock
issued in the Qualified Financing. If the Company consummated a Change of Control prior to a Qualified Financing, the Company would repay
each holder in cash an amount equal to the greater of (a) two times (2x) the entire outstanding principal balance of the 2020 Convertible
Notes or (b) the amount the holder would receive if the 2020 Convertible Notes had been converted into shares of the Company s
Series B convertible preferred stock immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control, at a conversion price equal to the
Series B convertible preferred stock Original Issue Price. 

On
March 1, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to the 2020 Convertible Notes which extended the maturity date of the 2020 Convertible
Notes from March 31, 2021 to October 30, 2021 and provided for the conversion of the 2020 Convertible Notes into shares of the Company s
common stock upon a Qualified Financing that is an IPO. No other terms of the 2020 Convertible Notes were amended. This amendment was
accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 470-60, Troubled Debt Restructurings by Debtors. 
As the future undiscounted cash flows of the 2020 Convertible Notes were greater than their carrying amount, the carrying amount was
not adjusted and no gain was recognized as a result of the modification of terms. 

The
Company determined that the redemption features contained rights and obligations for conversion were contingent upon a potential
future financing event or a change in control. Thus, the embedded redemption features were bifurcated from the face value of the
notes and accounted for as a derivative liability to be remeasured at the end of each reporting period. The fair value of the
derivative liability including debt issuance costs was 
at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The derivative liability was subject to fair value remeasurement at the
end of each reporting period. The debt discount and debt issuance costs were being amortized to interest expense using the effective
interest method over the expected term of the 2020 Convertible Notes. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
the Company recognized 
and 
for amortization of the debt discount and debt issuance costs, respectively. This amortization expense is recognized as interest
expense in the statements of operations. The effective interest rate of the 2020 Convertible Notes was 
at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, compared to the stated rate of 
per annum. The effective interest rate immediately prior to the conversion of the Convertible Notes resulting from the
Company s IPO was 
per annum. As a result, the Company s reported interest expense was significantly higher than the contractual cash interest
payments. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recognized interest expense in the statements
of operations of 
and ,
respectively, related to the 2020 Convertible Notes. 

In
April 2021, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement and a series of convertible note payable agreements (the 2021 Convertible
Notes, together with the 2020 Convertible Notes, the 2020 and 2021 Convertible Notes for aggregate borrowings of
 million. Outstanding borrowings under the 2021 Convertible Notes and accrued interest were due in April 2022, if not previously
converted. The 2021 Notes bore interest at the rate of per annum. Pursuant to the 2021 Convertible Notes, the outstanding principal
and accrued interest are automatically convertible into equity shares in a Qualified Financing at a conversion price per share equal
to of the price per share paid by investors purchasing such equity securities in a Qualified Financing. 

The
Company determined that these redemption features in the 2021 Convertible Notes contained rights and obligations for conversion that
were contingent upon a potential future financing event or a change in control. Thus, the embedded redemption features were bifurcated
from the face value of the note and accounted for as a derivative liability to be remeasured at the end of each reporting period. Upon
issuance of the notes, the Company recorded the fair value of the derivative liability of and debt issuance costs of ,
with the offsetting amount being recorded as a debt discount. The discount and debt issuance costs were amortized to interest expense
using the effective interest method over the expected term of the 2021 Convertible Notes. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, the Company recognized and , respectively, for the amortization of the debt discount and debt issuance costs as
interest expense in the statements of operations. The effective interest rate immediately prior to the conversion of the 2021 Convertible
Notes resulting from the Company s IPO was per annum compared to the stated rate of per annum. During the year ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recognized interest expense in the statements of operations of and , respectively,
relating to the 2021 Convertible Notes. 

The
Company completed an IPO on August 30, 2021, which triggered the automatic conversion of the outstanding Convertible Notes plus accrued
interest into an aggregate of units (the Exchange ). The 2020 Convertible Notes converted at a 20 discount to the
IPO price and the 2021 Convertible Notes converted at a discount to the IPO price. Each unit consisted of (a) one share of common
stock and (b) one five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price equal to per share. Upon conversion
of the 2020 and 2021 Convertible Notes, the outstanding principal, including debt discount and debt issuance costs for those Convertible
Notes of million, was derecognized into stockholders equity. The unamortized debt discount totaling was recognized
as a loss on extinguishment of debt and is included in loss (gain) on loan extinguishment in the Company s statements of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Exchange was made pursuant to an exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. The following facts were
relied upon: (1) no payment was made in connection with the Exchange, (2) the Convertible Notes, the common stock, and the warrants were
issued by the same issuer, (3) the Convertible Note holders were not required to contribute cash or any other property, and (4) the Exchange
was made only to existing note holders. 

Guarantees
and Indemnification 

In
the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into agreements that may include indemnification provisions. As permitted under Delaware
law and in accordance with its bylaws, the Company indemnifies its officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the
officer or director is or was serving in such capacity. The Company is also party to indemnification agreements with its officers and
directors. In some cases, the indemnification will continue after the termination of the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future
payments that the Company could be required to make under these provisions is not determinable. The Company has never incurred material
costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification provisions. The Company is not currently aware of any indemnification
claims. Accordingly, the Company has not recorded any liabilities for these indemnification rights and agreements as of December 31,
2022. 

Operating
Leases 

Rent expense was and
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares
of common stock, which included shares of common shares reserved but unissued under the Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive
Plan (the 2013 Plan ). The Company s 2013 Plan was terminated immediately prior to the closing of the IPO; however,
shares subject to awards granted under the 2013 Plan will continue to be governed by the 2013 Plan. In accordance with the terms of the
2021 Plan, on January 1, 2023, the number of shares reserved and available for issuance increased by shares. 

Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

- 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to options granted but not yet
amortized, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend rate 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recognized and , respectively, in stock-based compensation
expense from stock option grants and restricted stock awards. The compensation expense is allocated on a departmental basis, based on
the classification of the option holder. No income tax benefits have been recognized in the statements of operations and comprehensive
loss for stock-based compensation arrangements. 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

In
January 2022, the Company granted shares of restricted common stock under the 2021 Plan to a consultant as partial consideration
for services rendered, with a deemed fair value of per share or . The fair value of this restricted stock award was expensed
as stock-based compensation on the date of grant as they were fully vested on that date. 

Common
Stock Warrants 

In
connection with the IPO, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. Warrants to purchase
 shares of the Company s common stock expire on , and warrants to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock expire on August 31, 2026. 

Issued 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: 

Change in valuation allowance 

Permanent items 

Prior year true ups 

Tax credits 

State 

Other 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income tax provision 
 - 
 - 

Tax credits carryforwards 

Stock-based compensation 

Fixed assets/intangible assets 

Charitable contributions 

Capitalized research 
 
 - 
 
 Accruals and other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 

Unrealized gain 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state net operating loss NOL carryforward amounts of million
and million, respectively. The federal NOL carryforwards consists of million generated before January 1, 2018, which will
begin to expire in 2030 but are able to offset 100 of taxable income and million generated after December 31, 2017 which can be
carried forward indefinitely and may be able to be used against 100 of taxable income through the tax year ending December 31, 2020,
as updated by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (P.L. 116-136), otherwise known as the CARES Act. Federal NOLs will
then be subject to 80 limitation for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2021.The state NOL carryforward will begin to expire
in 2033. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state tax credit carryforwards of million which will begin to expire in 2033,
and California tax credit carryforwards of million which do not expire. 

The
Company follows Financial Accounting Standards Board No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes an interpretation
of FASB No. 109 , as codified in FASB ASC 740-10, Income Taxes . At December 31, 2022, unrecognized tax benefits related to
federal and state tax credits was million. The Company did not have tax-related interest and penalties at December 31, 2022. The
Company does not expect significant changes to its unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months. If recognized, none of the unrecognized
tax benefits would affect the effective tax rate. 

The
utilization of NOLs and tax credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to an annual limitation as a result of
ownership changes that have occurred previously or that may occur in the future. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code IRC a corporation that undergoes an ownership change may be subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change
NOLs and other tax attributes otherwise available to offset future taxable income and/or tax liability. An ownership change is defined
as a cumulative change of 50 or more in the ownership positions of certain stockholders during a rolling three-year period. The Company
has not completed a formal study to determine if any ownership changes within the meaning of IRC Section 382 and 383 have occurred. If
an ownership change has occurred, the Company s ability to use its NOLs or tax credit carryforwards may be restricted, which could
require the Company to pay federal or state income taxes earlier than would be required if such limitations were not in effect. 

On
March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted and signed into law in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. GAAP requires recognition of the
tax effects of new legislation during the reporting period that includes the enactment date. The CARES Act includes changes to the tax
provisions that benefits business entities and makes certain technical corrections to the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The tax relief
measures for businesses include a five-year net operating loss carryback, suspension of the annual deduction limitation of 80 of taxable
income from net operating losses generated in a tax year beginning after December 31, 2017, changes in the deductibility of interest,
acceleration of alternative minimum tax credit refunds, payroll tax relief, technical corrections on net operating loss carryforwards
for fiscal year taxpayers and allows accelerated deduction qualified improvement property. The CARES Act also provides other non-tax
benefits to assist those impacted by the pandemic. The Company filed for and received a PPP loan. We evaluated the impact of the CARES
Act and determined that there was no material impact for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
June 29, 2020, California Assembly Bill 85 was signed into law. The legislation suspended the California net operating loss deductions
for 2020 and 2021 for certain taxpayers. 

On
December 27, 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 was enacted and signed into law to further COVID-19 economic relief and
extend certain expiring tax provisions. The relief package includes a tax provision clarifying that businesses with forgiven PPP loans
can deduct regular business expenses that are paid for with the loan proceeds. Additional pandemic relief tax measures include an expansion
of the employee retention credit, enhanced charitable contribution deductions, and a temporary full deduction for business expenses for
food and beverages provided by a restaurant. The provisions did not have a material impact on our financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Uncertain
Income Tax Positions 

The
total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 is million which relates to federal and state tax credits. 

Tax positions related to the current year: 

Additions 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Tax positions related to the current year: 

Additions 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The
Company s policy is to account for interest and penalties as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no interest
related to unrecognized tax benefits. No amounts of penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits were recognized in the provision for
income taxes. We do not anticipate any significant change within twelve months of this reporting date. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. The Company is subject to U.S. federal
and state income tax examination for calendar tax years beginning in 2010 due to net operating losses that are being carried forward
for tax purposes. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per share basic and diluted 

Net loss per share basic and diluted 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a net loss and as such, all outstanding shares of potentially dilutive securities
were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share as the inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

Total 

shares of the Company s common stock in May 2017, which have vested, (ii) options to purchase shares
of the Company s common stock in July 2018, which have vested, (iii) options to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock in June 2021, which vest ratably over 24 months from the vesting commencement date of May 14, 2021, (iv) options to purchase of
 shares of the Company s common stock in September 2021, which vest ratably over 48 months from the vesting commencement
date of August 26, 2021, and (v) options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in March 2022, which vest ratably
over 48 months from the vesting commencement date of August 26, 2021. In December 2018, Dr. Agah s agreement was amended to provide
that he would receive cash compensation of per month for certain proctoring services, and in September 2019, his compensation
was increased to per month to compensate for additional services he was providing. In November
2021, we entered into a third amendment to the Consulting Agreement with Dr. Agah which provides for a monthly consulting fee
of , based on Dr. Agah spending no less than 24 hours per week on Company matters. Dr. Agah s monthly consulting fee was
increased to effective January 1, 2023. The Company may, in its discretion, proportionally adjust the monthly consulting fee
if Dr. Agah s time commitment decreases. The amendment also provides for Dr. Agah s eligibility for
an annual target cash incentive bonus equal to 40 of his annualized base consulting fee. In November 2021, we entered into a
Change in Control and Severance Agreement with Dr. Agah. Consulting fees paid to Dr. Agah for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
were and , respectively. In addition, the Board approved a discretionary bonus of paid in February 2023 to Dr.
Agah in recognition of Company and individual performance during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

. 

shares of the Company s common stock (or pre-funded common stock warrants) at a purchase price of per share of common stock (or pre-funded common stock warrants) (the Registered Direct Offering ).
Additionally, in a concurrent private placement, the Company issued to the investor unregistered warrants to purchase up to 
shares of its common stock (together with the Registered Direct Offering, the March 2023 Offering ). The aggregate gross
proceeds from the March 2023 Offering are approximately 
million before deducting placement fees and other offering expenses. 

F- 17 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 ex10-3.htm

Exhibit
10.3 

RenovoRx,
 INC. 

 OUTSIDE
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION POLICY 

Initially
Adopted and Approved by the Board of Directors on September 30, 2021; most recently amended and restated September 29, 2022 (the Restatement
Date 

RenovoRx,
Inc. (the Company believes that providing cash and equity compensation to its members of the Board of Directors
(the Board , and members of the Board, the Directors represents an effective tool to attract,
retain and reward Directors who are not employees of the Company (the Outside Directors ). This Outside Director
Compensation Policy as amended and restated (the Policy is intended to formalize the Company s policy regarding
the compensation to its Outside Directors. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Policy will have the meaning
given to such terms in the Company s 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), or if the Plan is no longer
in place, the meaning given to such terms or any similar terms in the equity plan then in place. Each Outside Director will be solely
responsible for any tax obligations incurred by such Outside Director as a result of the equity and cash payments such Outside Director
receives under this Policy. 

This
amended and restated Policy is effective as of the Restatement Date, unless otherwise specified in specific sections of this Policy. 

1. 
 Cash
 Compensation 

Annual
Cash Retainer 

Each
Outside Director will be paid an annual cash retainer of 36,000. There are no per-meeting attendance fees for attending Board meetings.
This cash compensation will be paid quarterly in arrears on a prorated basis to each Outside Director who has served in the relevant
capacity at any point during the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, and such payment shall be made no later than forty-five (45) days
following the end of such immediately preceding fiscal quarter. 

Committee
Annual Cash Retainer 

Effective
as of April 12, 2022, each Outside Director who serves as the chair or a member of a committee of the Board listed below will be eligible
to earn additional annual cash fees (paid quarterly in arrears on a prorated basis to each Outside Director who has served in the relevant
capacity at any point during the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, and such payment shall be made no later than forty-five (45) days
following the end of such immediately preceding fiscal quarter) as follows: 

Chair of Audit Committee: 
 15,000 

Chair of Compensation Committee: 
 10,000 

Chair of Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee: 
 10,000 

Non-Chair Members of Various Committees: 
 5,000 

Lead Independent Director 
 5,000 

For
clarity, each Outside Director who serves as the chair of a committee shall receive only the additional annual cash fee as the chair
of the committee, and not the additional annual cash fee as a member of the committee. For purposes of further clarification, an Outside
Director who has served as an Outside Director, or as a member of an applicable committee (or chair thereof), as applicable, during only
a portion of the relevant Company fiscal quarter will receive a pro-rated payment of the quarterly payment of the applicable annual cash
retainer(s), calculated based on the number of days during such fiscal quarter such Outside Director has served in the relevant capacities. 

2. 
 Equity
 Compensation 

Outside
Directors will be eligible to receive all types of Awards (except Incentive Stock Options) under the Plan (or the applicable equity plan
in place at the time of grant), including discretionary Awards not covered under this Policy. All grants of Awards to Outside Directors
pursuant to Section 2 of this Policy will be automatic and nondiscretionary, except as otherwise provided herein, and will be made in
accordance with the following provisions: 

(a)
 No Discretion . No person will have any discretion to select which Outside Directors will be granted any Awards under this Policy
or to determine the number of Shares to be covered by such Awards. 

(b)
 Initial Award . Subject to the following sentence and the terms of this Policy, each individual who first becomes an Outside Director
following the Restatement Date will be granted Options having a Value of 120,000 in the aggregate (an Initial Award ),
on the date on which such individual first becomes an Outside Director, whether through election by the stockholders of the Company or
appointment by the Board to fill a vacancy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Initial Award granted on or after the Restatement Date
but on or prior to September 30, 2023 will cover more than 43,026 Shares (with such maximum number of Shares to be automatically proportionately
adjusted in the event of a Change in Capitalization, with any fractional Share resulting from such adjustment eliminated). Subject to
Section 11 of the Plan and Section 3 of this Policy, each Initial Award will vest and become exercisable over three years, with 1/36th
of the Initial Award vesting each month on the same day of the month as the commencement of the applicable Outside Director s service
as an Outside Director, subject to the Outside Director continuing to be a Participant (as defined in the Plan) through such date. 

(c)
 Annual Award . Subject to the following sentence and the terms of this Policy, on October 1 of each year, commencing October 1,
2022, each Outside Director will be automatically granted Options having a Value of 70,000 in the aggregate (an Annual Award ).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Annual Award granted on or after the Restatement Date but on or prior to September 30, 2023 will cover
more than 25,099 Shares (with such maximum number of Shares to be automatically proportionately adjusted in the event of a Change in
Capitalization, with any fractional Share resulting from such adjustment eliminated). Subject to Section 11 of the Plan and Section 3
of this Policy, 1/12th of each Annual Award will vest monthly after October 1 on the first day of each subsequent month, subject to the
applicable Outside Director continuing to be a Participant through such date. 

- 2 - 

(c)
 Terms . The terms and conditions of each Initial Award or Annual Award will be as follows: 

(i)
 Exercise Price . The per Share exercise price for an Option granted under this Policy will be 100 of the Fair Market Value on
the grant date. 

(ii)
 Term . The maximum term to expiration of an Option granted under this Policy will be 10 years, subject to earlier termination as
provided in the Plan. 

(d)
Value. For purposes of this Policy, Value means the grant date fair value as determined for the Company s
financial reporting purposes. 

3. 
 Change
 in Control 

In
the event of a Change in Control, each Outside Director will fully vest in his or her outstanding Company equity Awards, including any
Initial Award or Annual Award, provided that the Outside Director continues to be an Outside Director through such date. 

4. 
 Annual
 Compensation Limit 

In
any fiscal year, other than the fiscal year in which he or she joins the Board, no Outside Director may be paid, issued or granted compensation
(including in the form of cash or equity compensation, with cash compensation measured for this purpose at its value upon payment and
any equity compensation measured for this purpose at its Value) with an aggregate value greater than 250,000 (increased to 300,000
for an Outside Director s first fiscal year of service). Any cash compensation paid or equity compensation award (including any
Awards) granted to an individual for his or her services as an employee, or for his or her services as a consultant (other than as an
Outside Director), will not count for purposes of the limitation under this Section 4. 

5. 
 Travel
 Expenses 

Each
Outside Director s reasonable, customary and documented travel expenses to Board or Board committee meetings will be reimbursed
by the Company. 

6. 
 Additional
 Provisions 

All
provisions of the Plan not inconsistent with this Policy will apply to Awards granted to Outside Directors. 

7. 
 Adjustments 

In
the event that that any extraordinary dividend or other extraordinary distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities
or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination,
repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting
the Shares occurs, the Administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to
be made available under this Policy, will adjust the number of Shares issuable pursuant to Awards granted under this Policy. 

8. 
 Section
 409A 

In
no event will cash compensation or expense reimbursement payments under this Policy be paid after the later of (i) 15th day of the third
month following the end of the Company s fiscal year in which the compensation is earned or expenses are incurred, as applicable,
or (ii) 15th day of the third month following the end of the calendar year in which the compensation is earned or expenses are incurred,
as applicable, in compliance with the short-term deferral exception under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, and the final regulations and guidance thereunder, as may be amended from time to time (together, Section
409A ). It is the intent of this Policy that this Policy and all payments hereunder be exempt from or otherwise comply with
the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the compensation to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed
under Section 409A, and any ambiguities or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or comply. In no event will the
Company reimburse an Outside Director for any taxes imposed or other costs incurred as a result of Section 409A. 

9. 
 Revisions 

The
Board may amend, alter, suspend or terminate this Policy at any time and for any reason. No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination
of this Policy will materially impair the rights of an Outside Director with respect to compensation that already has been paid or awarded,
unless otherwise mutually agreed between the Outside Director and the Company. Termination of this Policy will not affect the Board s
or the Compensation Committee s ability to exercise the powers granted to it under the Plan with respect to Awards granted under
the Plan pursuant to this Policy prior to the date of such termination. 

- 3 - 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT 

 REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-263972 and 333-260573) on Form S-8, registration statement
(No. 333-268302) on Form S-3, and registration statement (No. 333-268316) on Form S-1 of RenovoRx, Inc. of our report dated March 31,
2023, relating to the financial statements of RenovoRx, Inc. (which report expresses an unqualified opinion on the financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to substantial doubt about RenovoRx, Inc. s
ability to continue as a going concern as described in Note 1 to the financial statements), included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of RenovoRx, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
 BAKER TILLY US, LLP 

Mountain
 View, CA 
 
 March
 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Shaun R. Bagai, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of RenovoRx, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Shaun R. Bagai 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
James M. Ahlers, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of RenovoRx, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ James M. Ahlers 

James M. Ahlers 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of RenovoRx, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Shaun R. Bagai 

Shaun R. Bagai 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of RenovoRx, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ James M. Ahlers 

James M. Ahlers 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 29
 rnxt-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 31
 rnxt-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 32
 rnxt-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 33
 rnxt-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

