<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1280058_0001280058-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14601558</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>405623</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3020286</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4763059</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3248332</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2931087</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001280058-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224162249
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001280058-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		132
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLACKBAUD INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001280058
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				112617163
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41527
		FILM NUMBER:		23667733

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		65 FAIRCHILD STREET
		CITY:			CHARLESTON
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29492
		BUSINESS PHONE:		843-216-6200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		65 FAIRCHILD STREET
		CITY:			CHARLESTON
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29492

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001280058-23-000006.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 blkb-20221231.htm
 10-K

blkb-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on which Registered Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022 (based on the closing sale price of 58.07 on that date) was approximately . Common stock held by each officer and director and by each person known to the registrant who owned 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 17, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 2 
 PART I. 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved staff comments 
 28 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 28 
 Item 3. 
 Legal proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4. 
 Mine safety disclosures 
 29 
 PART II. 
 30 
 Item 5. 
 Market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 
 30 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7. 
 Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
 63 
 Item 8. 
 Financial statements and supplementary data 
 64 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure 
 109 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and procedures 
 109 
 Item 9B. 
 Other information 
 110 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections 
 110 
 PART III. 
 111 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, executive officers and corporate governance 
 111 
 Item 11. 
 Executive compensation 
 111 
 Item 12. 
 Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters 
 111 
 Item 13. 
 Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence 
 111 
 Item 14. 
 Principal accountant fees and services 
 111 
 PART IV. 
 112 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and financial statement schedules 
 112 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 115 
 SIGNATURES 
 116 

2022 Form 10-K 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the documents incorporated herein by reference, contains forward-looking statements that anticipate results based on our estimates, assumptions and plans that are subject to uncertainty. These "forward-looking statements" are made subject to the safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements consist of, among other things, trend analyses, statements regarding future events, future financial performance, our anticipated growth, the effect of general economic and market conditions, our business strategy and our plan to build and grow our business, our operating results, our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies, the effect of foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations on our financial results, the impact of expensing stock-based compensation, the sufficiency of our capital resources, our ability to meet our ongoing debt and obligations as they become due, cybersecurity and data protection risks and related liabilities, and current or potential legal proceedings involving us, all of which are based on current expectations, estimates, and forecasts, and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as believes, seeks, expects, may, might, should, intends, could, would, likely, will, targets, plans, anticipates, aims, projects, estimates, or any variations of such words and similar expressions are also intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Accordingly, they should not be viewed as assurances of future performance, and actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. 
 Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations expressed in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those summarized under Item 1A. Risk factors and elsewhere in this report and in our other SEC filings. Forward-looking statements represent our management's beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 2 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

PART I. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Description of Business 
 We are the world s leading cloud software company powering social good. Serving the entire social good community nonprofits, higher education institutions, K 12 schools, healthcare organizations, faith communities, arts and cultural organizations, foundations, companies and individual change agents we connect and empower organizations and individuals to increase their impact through cloud software, services, data intelligence and expertise. Blackbaud brings over four decades of leadership to this sector: since originally incorporating in New York in 1982 and later reincorporating as a South Carolina corporation in 1991 and as a Delaware corporation in 2004, our tailored portfolio of software and services has grown to support the unique needs of vertical markets, with solutions for fundraising and CRM, marketing, advocacy, peer-to-peer fundraising, corporate social responsibility (CSR) and environmental, social and governance (ESG), school management, ticketing, grantmaking, financial management, payment processing and analytics. Our solutions are designed to meet the needs of virtually all types of organizations in the social impact community, from major global institutions to small charities to individuals. During 2022, we had more than 40,000 customers with contractual billing arrangements and nearly 100,000 customers that paid Blackbaud through transactional fees. Through our customers and our solutions, Blackbaud supports millions of users and we connect millions of supporters to over 150,000 organizations and causes in over 100 countries. We are deeply proud to play a part in our customers success in their missions to provide healthcare and cure diseases, advance education, preserve and share arts and culture, protect the environment, support those in need and much more. 
 
 Market Overview 
 The social impact market is significant, spanning far beyond philanthropy, and our addressable market is substantial and growing 
 There are millions of organizations globally focused on social impact including nonprofits, foundations, companies involved in corporate social responsibility and ESG, education institutions and healthcare organizations. Billions of individuals also engage by donating funds, volunteering their time, advocating for a cause, receiving services from or otherwise engaging with social impact organizations. 
 Traditional methods of fundraising and organizational management are often costly and inefficient 
 Many social impact organizations use manual methods or software applications not specifically designed for fundraising and organizational management for institutions like theirs. Such methods are often costly and inefficient because of the difficulties in effectively collecting, sharing and using donation-related information. Furthermore, general purpose software applications frequently have limited functionality for the unique needs of our customer base and do not efficiently integrate multiple databases. Some social impact organizations have developed proprietary software, but doing so is expensive, requiring on-site technical personnel for development, implementation and maintenance. 
 The nonprofit industry faces particular operational challenges 
 Nonprofit organizations, education institutions, healthcare organizations and houses of worship must efficiently: 
 Solicit funds and build relationships with major and institutional donors; 
 Garner small cash contributions from numerous contributors; 
 Manage and develop complex relationships with large numbers of constituents; 
 Communicate their accomplishments and the importance of their mission online and offline; 
 Comply with complex accounting, tax and reporting requirements that differ from those for for-profit businesses; 
 Solicit cash and in-kind contributions from businesses to help raise money or deliver products and services; 
 Provide a wide array of programs and services to individual constituents and beneficiaries; and 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Improve the data collection and information sharing capabilities of their employees, volunteers and donors by creating and providing distributed access to centralized databases. 
 Because of these challenges, we believe nonprofits, education institutions, healthcare organizations and houses of worship can benefit from software applications and services specifically designed to serve their particular needs and workflows to grow revenue, work effectively and accomplish their missions. 
 Companies, grantmaking institutions and foundations also face unique challenges 
 Companies, grantmaking institutions and foundations, face their own unique challenges in their social impact efforts, including the need to: 
 Quantify and improve the impact of their grants; 
 Cultivate better relationships with grantees; 
 Achieve better internal collaboration and alignment with board members, reviewers and other stakeholders; 
 Illustrate the impact of their corporate philanthropy and education efforts to the communities they serve; 
 Engage employees in meaningful volunteering, giving and other activities; 
 Ensure that their philanthropic efforts align with their business initiatives; 
 Manage all of a foundation's activities, including fundraising and accounting; 
 Expand the reach of their fundraising efforts; and 
 Cultivate new and existing donors. 
 
 Strategy 
 Our objective is to maintain and extend our position as the leading provider of cloud software and services for the global social impact community, supporting our customers' missions from securing resources and managing their operations, to delivering their programs and measuring their impact. Our key strategies for achieving this objective are described below. 
 Execute on our Four-Point Strategy 
 During 2022, we continued to execute our four-point strategy targeted to drive solution and service innovation, quality enhancement, increased operating efficiency and improved financial performance: 
 1. Expand Total Addressable Market ("TAM") 
 In December 2021, we doubled our TAM when we acquired EVERFI, Inc. ("EVERFI"), an industry leader in global social impact technology. Adding EVERFI advances our position as a leader in the rapidly evolving ESG and CSR spaces and offers cross-selling and upselling opportunities through complementary product offerings with YourCause solutions. Our TAM now stands at over 20 billion, and we remain active in the evaluation of opportunities to further expand our addressable market through acquisitions and internal product development. 
 2. Lead with World Class Teams and Operations 
 This strategy expands upon our previous strategies to drive sales effectiveness and improve operating efficiency to include improving overall company performance as measured by the Rule of 40 (see discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures below). During 2022, we announced a series of strategic organizational updates to streamline our business operations and become even more customer centric. We created three new roles: Chief Operating Officer, Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporations. We believe these new roles will: ensure consistency in our approach to the customer experience; further streamline and simplify our go-to-market efforts to maximize our outcomes as a global company; and further align our YourCause and EVERFI offerings and continue our investment in being the partner of choice for corporations focused on social responsibility and impact. Additionally, we took steps to better align our workforce with our strategic priorities, including further elimination of open positions as well as the difficult decision to reduce our workforce (see additional discussion regarding our workforce reduction below). We also appointed three new members to our board of directors, providing not only new business perspectives but also adding important skills in cybersecurity, enterprise software, digital transformation and global operations. 
 4 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 3. Delight Customers with Innovative Cloud Solutions 
 During our annual user conference, bbcon, we shared how our purpose-built solutions bring together the capabilities essential to our customers in managing their data, making their teams more productive, motivating their audiences to act, and ultimately driving outcomes. During the third quarter, we acquired Kilter, an intuitive, gamified, activity-based engagement app. We will initially pair Kilter with our Blackbaud TeamRaiser solution to serve nonprofits by expanding the ways they can engage with their supporters to prepare for their existing fundraising walks, runs and rides, and to create new types of engagement opportunities that are not tied to a specific date or place. Kilter will also provide a unique solution with YourCause CSRConnect platform for companies as employers take a more active role in supporting their employees health and wellness pursuits across their remote and distributed workforces. 
 4. Focus on Employees, Culture and ESG Initiatives 
 During 2022, we announced that we achieved carbon neutrality for 2021. This is a goal we have been striving towards and our shift to a remote-first workforce enabled us to accelerate our timeline. Since 2019, Blackbaud has reduced its global real estate footprint by 50 , energy emissions to run office space by 63 and employee commute emissions by 75 . With a multi-pronged climate strategy, Blackbaud is focused on reducing emissions, using energy efficiently and investing in environmental projects for a more sustainable future. We shared more about our ESG strategy on our Corporate Social Responsibility website during the second quarter. Our mission driven culture has been in our DNA since inception and is very attractive in a competitive labor market. We continue to foster a diverse and inclusive environment focused on employee engagement and connectedness with our remote-first workforce strategy. We have a significant role to play in driving advances in the social impact space, and we are proud of the strong corporate culture we have built and continue to cultivate in today's environment. 
 Delight Our Customers 
 We intend to make our customers' experience with us effective, efficient and satisfying from their initial interest in our solutions and services through their decision to purchase, engage with customer support and implement and use our solutions. We continue to focus on initiatives aimed at improving the consistency and quality of user experience across our offerings. We also continue to evolve the way we package and sell our offerings to provide high quality and value combined with flexibility to meet the unique needs of our existing and prospective customers. For example, we have increased the number of our cloud solutions sold under a subscription pricing model, which can make it easier for customers to purchase our solutions. In addition, we are continuing to integrate value-adding capabilities such as payment services, analytics and business intelligence into our suite of solutions to better address our customers' needs with comprehensive offerings. We will continue to focus on providing the highest level of solution support, enhancing our existing solutions, extending our solutions through open APIs and developing new solutions and services designed to help our customers be more effective and achieve their missions. 
 Attract and Retain Top Talent and Actively Engage Employee Base 
 Our employees are energized by our opportunity to fuel social impact. Collaboration, innovation, authentic passion for the customers we serve and high standards are core to our culture and help to enable the great work we do. We strive to hire, develop and retain the best employees and provide a supportive and inclusive environment where their talents and potential are realized. In 2021, we formally went Remote First as a company which signals Blackbaud's goal to attract talent globally. For additional information, see Human Capital Resources below. 
 Drive Strength in Our Sector as an Industry Thought Leader 
 In our over 40 years of operation, we have gained significant insight into the overall market and industry segments in which we operate. We produce a wide range of thought leadership resources, including blogs, monthly indices and white papers, which provide insights and guidance to the social impact community. We also participate in and convene a number of industry forums, where we exchange views and engage with industry and government leaders. Our annual user conference, bbcon , serves in part as a forum to offer thought leadership to our customers, as do other market-specific user conferences, events and customer gatherings. The Blackbaud Institute for Philanthropic Impact (the "Blackbaud Institute") brings together leading experts in philanthropy to develop and share leading-edge research and insight that accelerates the impact of the social impact community. The research and reports the Blackbaud Institute produces serve to strengthen the social impact community as a whole. ENGAGE, our blog and podcast, provides free best practices resources that drive impact across the social impact community, as well. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 In 2020, we announced Blackbaud Social Good Startup Program, a year-long accelerator designed to support innovative startups with the potential to drive social impact. In alignment with our commitment to diversity in the tech community, we emphasize supporting founders from underrepresented backgrounds. 
 
 Solutions and Services 
 We build the essential software that frees customers to focus on what matters most: delivering impact. With powerful data intelligence and expertise inside, and an ever-growing network of partners and developers outside, our software is the foundational infrastructure that expands what's possible for anyone dedicated to purpose-driven work. 
 Our solutions can be combined with a range of payment processing, analytic and business intelligence services, consulting, training and professional services, as well as maintenance and technical support. The Blackbaud portfolio is delivered primarily through cloud solutions tailored to the unique needs of vertical markets, offering fundraising and relationship management, marketing and engagement, financial management, grant and award management, education management, ticketing, social responsibility, payment services and analytics. 
 Our specific solutions and services include: 
 Fundraising and Engagement 
 Blackbaud Raiser's Edge NXT is our flagship fundraising and relationship management solution. Raiser's Edge NXT is the first and only cloud fundraising and relationship management solution that is all-inclusive, fully integrated with data health, analytics, email marketing, donation forms, event management, payment processing and process automation to create tailored, user-specific experiences. Built on our Blackbaud SKY Platform, Raiser's Edge NXT is, we believe, the most advanced technology available to nonprofits seeking to operate more efficiently and raise more support for their missions. Raiser s Edge NXT includes access to Blackbaud Online Express , a simple, efficient, cloud-based fundraising and marketing tool designed for smaller nonprofit organizations. 
 Blackbaud CRM is a comprehensive, configurable fundraising and relationship management solution. It is our lead offering for enterprise-level organizations seeking a powerful, yet adaptable solution for fundraising, marketing, and program management across the engagement lifecycle, specializing in supporting sophisticated major giving, membership and high-volume direct marketing programs. Blackbaud CRM helps organizations build deeper and more personalized relationships with constituents, build their brands through online engagement and multichannel communication tools, and more effectively fundraise, leveraging campaign management, business intelligence and analytics. Blackbaud CRM can be sold as an integrated solution with our enterprise online solutions to enable multi-channel marketing, online engagement and event fundraising. 
 Blackbaud eTapestry is a simple, cloud fundraising and donor management solution built specifically for smaller, developing nonprofits in need of a cloud solution to support basic fundraising needs. It offers nonprofit organizations a cost-effective way to manage donors, process gifts, create reports, accept online donations and communicate with constituents. This technology provides a system that is simple to maintain, efficient to operate and is intuitively easy to learn without extensive training. 
 Blackbaud Luminate Online , delivered in the cloud, helps our customers better understand their online supporters, make the right ask at the right time and raise money online. It includes tools to build online fundraising campaigns as part of an organization's existing website or as a stand-alone fundraising site. Donation forms, gift processing and tools for communicating through web pages and email give our customers the essentials for building sustainable donor relationships. 
 Blackbaud TeamRaiser is the industry s most comprehensive cloud solution designed specifically for peer-to-peer event fundraising. Powering thousands of events each year, TeamRaiser allows nonprofits supporters to create personal or team fundraising web pages and send email donation appeals in support of events such as walks, runs and rides. 
 JustGiving from Blackbaud is one of the world's leading social platforms for giving. JustGiving provides world-class technology and innovative tools to connect people with the causes they care about. By making giving more simple, social and rewarding, this platform helps all causes, charities and people in need to reach more people and raise more money. 
 6 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Blackbaud Fundraiser Performance Management is a multi-pronged solution that combines easy to use data-driven software for fundraisers and managers, predictive modeling insights, and high-touch strategic consulting. Built for higher education institutions, healthcare and large nonprofit organizations, the SaaS tools increase transparency into fundraising performance, and direct fundraiser and talent manager action. Both fundraisers and leaders benefit from the tailored consulting to address weaknesses and enhance strengths to comprehensively improve the fundraising team performance. 
 Blackbaud Guided Fundraising and Blackbaud Volunteer Network Fundraising can work together with Fundraiser Performance Management or independently to help higher education institutions meet their advancement targets and development campaign goals. Blackbaud Guided Fundraising is used by institutions seeking to manage all the details behind the sophisticated, person-to-person solicitation strategies that drive fundraising results. Blackbaud Volunteer Network Fundraising helps institutions manage volunteer fundraising campaigns with tools for project management, communication and reporting. 
 Blackbaud Altru is a cloud solution that helps arts and cultural organizations consolidate admissions, membership, fundraising, merchandise, marketing and more, giving users a comprehensive view of their supporters. By helping general admissions arts and cultural organizations gain a clear, 360-degree view of their organization, it enables them to operate more efficiently, engage and cultivate patrons and supporters, streamline external and internal communication efforts, and reduce IT costs. Blackbaud Altru contains tools for constituent and membership management, program sales, retail sales and ticketing, volunteer management and events management. It also has sophisticated reporting functionality and tools to manage marketing, communications and fundraising. 
 Financial Management 
 Blackbaud Financial Edge NXT is the first-of-its-kind cloud accounting solution for nonprofits that is intuitive, fully integrated, and built the way nonprofits need it on our modern Blackbaud SKY Platform. Blackbaud Financial Edge NXT is advanced technology with powerful reporting tools to help accounting teams drive transparency, stewardship, and compliance while enabling them to seamlessly manage transactions and eliminate manual processes. It seamlessly integrates with Raiser's Edge NXT to simplify gift entry processing and relates information from both systems in an informative manner to eliminate redundant tasks and manual processes. Financial Edge NXT provides nonprofit organizations with the means to help manage fiscal and fiduciary responsibility, enabling them to be more accountable to their constituents. 
 Blackbaud Tuition Management benefits schools by giving administrators better access to financial data and payment services, and by giving parents more ways to remit tuition payments. The solution helps ease the burden for administrative staff by offering invoicing, payment processing, customer service, enhanced communication with parents and later payer follow-up services. 
 Blackbaud Financial Aid Management offers schools the ability to accept online, customized applications for financial aid and to make better financial aid decisions with a proprietary Hobbies, Interest and Lifestyles ("HIL") profile. The HIL profile provides in-depth information on an applicant, delivering to the school a way to make more informed decisions on how they distribute financial aid awards. 
 Grant and Award Management 
 Blackbaud Grantmaking is a modern cloud solution, built on our Blackbaud SKY Platform, that supports the end-to-end grantmaking process from application through review and resolution. Blackbaud Grantmaking provides core functionality to efficiently disperse funds, maintain compliance with due diligence requirements and measure and demonstrate impact. The system has collaborative tools to help strengthen relationships with grantees and other community partners. Coupled with Blackbaud Outcomes , funders and nonprofits are empowered to collaborate around their intended outcomes and work together to achieve impact. Both the funder and the nonprofit can tell an impact story using ROI-focused results and a common outcomes measurement language. 
 Blackbaud Award Management is a comprehensive, integrated scholarship management platform for higher education and K-12 institutions and foundations, allowing students to apply for all awards using one intuitive and streamlined application process and eliminating many time-consuming administrative tasks. This leads to improved awarding, reporting, compliance, communication and stewardship. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Education Solutions 
 Blackbaud Student Information System makes it easy for schools to manage schedules, transcripts and GPAs. A new Student Information System that works directly with Blackbaud Learning Management System , Blackbaud Student Information System simplifies the process of sharing student data and academic records securely. 
 Blackbaud Learning Management System is a learning management system that makes it easy to manage, connect, and share information with students, parents, and an entire school community. Developed with direct input from our customers, Blackbaud Learning Management System gives teachers the tools to meet the demands of a modern private school. 
 Blackbaud Enrollment Management System is an enrollment management system that simplifies a school s admissions process. Blackbaud Enrollment Management System helps admissions teams and prospective families manage and track their progress, from inquiry and application through acceptance and enrollment. 
 Blackbaud School Website System is a content management system that gives schools the flexibility to build and edit webpages, with easy access to content types including photos, videos, downloads, text and more. It allows users to share material and contribute content across an entire school community. 
 Social Responsibility and ESG 
 YourCause GrantsConnect and YourCause CSRconnect are cloud solutions for employee giving, volunteering, and grantmaking used to support corporate philanthropy by building meaningful connections between corporations, employees and nonprofits. After implementing YourCause solutions, customers typically show significant growth in volunteers, donations, engagement and more. These reported successes demonstrate a larger trend: overall ability to attract employees and customers alike by strengthening a company's reputation. 
 EVERFI is a SaaS software platform building digital education content that addresses the Missing Learning Layer and equips organizations to deliver Impact-as-a-Service in their communities, empowering individuals with the tools and skills to drive ecosystems of change and inspire lifelong success. EVERFI offers programs on important societal topics such as financial literacy, health and well-being, social and emotional learning, STEM and digital literacy, among many others. EVERFI also delivers adult-focused content in the HR and compliance training space for companies and institutions. Through the platform and program offerings, EVERFI is able to yield anonymized learner data to reflect the true impact of their educational offerings. 
 Payment Services 
 Our solutions provide our customers payment processing capabilities that enable their donors to make donations and purchase goods and services using numerous payment options, including credit card and automated clearing house ACH checking transactions, through secure online transactions. 
 Blackbaud Merchant Services is a value-added service integrated with our solutions that makes credit card processing simple and secure. Customers are charged one rate for credit card transactions, making Blackbaud Merchant Services a competitive option. The service also provides customers with a payment card industry PCI compliant process and streamlined bank reconciliation. We also provide our K-12 private school customers with student tuition payment processing services. 
 Blackbaud Purchase Cards provide an efficient and convenient alternative to traditional procurement methods and paper-based payables processes such as checks, purchase orders and invoices for travel and operational purchases. Organizations can also set spend controls for individual cardholders, track business expenses across the organization and ensure that policies are being enforced all managed online and integrated with Blackbaud Financial Edge NXT. 
 Data Intelligence 
 Our data intelligence offerings provide solutions for data health, insights and performance, enabling nonprofits to define effective campaign strategies and maximize fundraising results. These services either integrate with or are already integrated into our software solutions to give our customers a comprehensive view of their supporters and the market and provide information essential to making well-informed operating decisions. 
 8 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Blackbaud s Intelligence for Good is our unique, comprehensive approach through which we combine artificial intelligence, analytics, big data, and expertise to deliver high-impact data intelligence. This powerful approach enables social impact organizations to transform data into insights and outcomes. 
 Data Intelligence is the Blackbaud portfolio of solutions and services that use data science and AI to turn customer data into valuable insights that inform decision-making and help them achieve their goals efficiently. Blackbaud's Data Intelligence portfolio consists of three key outcome areas: 
 Data Health solutions enhance and maintain constituent data so the customer is always working with accurate and up-to-date information. Examples of these solutions include: identifying outdated or invalid constituent addresses in the database and making corrections based on United States Postal Service data and using name and address matching to append additional contact or demographic data points to constituent records to support better segmentation and engagement. 
 Insights inform strategic decision-making and actions that increase efficiency and drive successful outcomes. Insights are extracted by combining customer data with licensed and proprietary data before leveraging advanced AI capabilities and expertise from Blackbaud s dedicated team of data scientists. Examples of constituent insights include: predictive modeling that gives numerical scores indicating the likelihood and capacity of a constituent making a gift, wealth screening software that uses publicly available records to build detailed wealth profiles of constituents and persona cluster segmentation that groups constituents based on shared traits with guidance for optimizing messaging to each group. 
 Performance solutions help customers to assess their fundraising performance across donor segments, benchmark themselves against peer organizations and understand industry trends. These solutions provide a holistic view of donor performance that goes beyond standard campaign-based reporting, with KPIs related to acquisition, upgrading, retention and reactivation. Customers use our performance solutions to identify areas of weakness and opportunities for improvement, track the donor impact of strategic initiatives, understand and respond to industry trends, set realistic benchmarks and fundraising goals and maintain a consistent reporting methodology to assess growth over time. 
 Customer Success 
 Our Customer Success organization is responsible for ensuring our customers achieve their desired outcomes through Blackbaud solutions, starting at onboarding and continuing through the customer lifecycle. Our Customer Success team develops and fosters relationships within all levels of the customer organization to build more demonstrated value in our solutions and services, while helping customers achieve their desired outcomes. Our customer success resources work to proactively communicate to drive overall satisfaction and retention of our customer's business. They work to collect and analyze actionable information, whether that is through direct customer relationships or through aggregated analytics that drives future one-to-one or one-to-many interactions. Their goal is to partner with customers to ensure that they are fully engaged and have an advocate within Blackbaud who works to meet their needs. Customer success resources bring industry knowledge and expertise to the customer relationship and strive to help our customers achieve positive growth and outcomes. 
 Customer Support 
 Customer Support provides assistance to customers using Blackbaud Solutions, helping them understand the capabilities of their subscription, including how to navigate their subscription and answering related questions for core concepts of features and functionality. Benefits, such as priority routing or additional support channels, are continuously enhanced. Customers enrolled in the programs enjoy fast, reliable customer support, receive regular software updates, stay up-to-date with regular communication and can leverage a unified customer portal for quick and easy access to these resources. Customers also are empowered with self-help resources such as Knowledgebase articles, user guides, Blackbaud Community, our on-demand library of enablement sessions and have around-the-clock access to support resources for mission-critical needs. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Professional and Managed Services 
 Our expert consultants, and those in our partner program, provide implementation, optimization, data conversion and customization services for our software solutions. These services include: 
 System implementation; 
 Data conversion, business process analysis and application customization; 
 Database merging and enrichment, and secure credit card transaction processing; 
 Database production activities; and 
 Website design services; 
 Outcome-based and prescriptive services. 
 In addition, we, and our delivery partners, apply our industry knowledge and experience, combined with expert knowledge of our solutions, to evaluate an organization's needs and consult on how to improve a business process. 
 Training 
 We provide a variety of onsite, instructor-led online and on-demand training services to our customers on our solutions and application of best practices. This includes our highly-rated Blackbaud University curriculum. Blackbaud University provides certifications for our products and industry best practices. These certifications serve as important catalysts for professional growth in the nonprofit industry. Our instructors and designers have deep knowledge in the social impact arena and in the use of our solutions. Instructor-led courses are designed to include hands-on lab exercises, as well as course materials with examples and problems to solve. 
 
 Customers 
 We have updated our methodology for counting customers to better represent our current offerings and our growing population of customers with contractual billing arrangements and customers that pay us through solutions usage or transaction fees, some of which are in lieu of contractual billing arrangements. During 2022, we had more than 40,000 customers with contractual billing arrangements and nearly 100,000 customers that paid us through transactional fees. Through our customers and our solutions, we support millions of users and we connect millions of supporters to nearly 150,000 organizations and causes in over 100 countries. Our largest single customer accounted for approximately 0.9 of our 2022 consolidated revenue. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Most of our solutions and related services are sold through our direct sales force. Our direct sales force is complemented by a team of business development representatives responsible for sales lead generation and qualification. These sales and marketing professionals are primarily located throughout the United States, the U.K., Canada and Australia. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 290 direct sales employees. 
 Our marketing organization, which includes brand, digital, content, product, event and demand generation marketing and corporate communications, develops and launches multi-channel campaigns designed to create brand recognition and market awareness for our solutions and services. Through the Blackbaud Institute, we also give back to the social impact community by developing in-depth research and thought leadership content to help to drive better outcomes for their organizations with data, technology and expertise. 
 Our digital demand generation motion focuses on targeted account-based marketing plays, as well as intent-based programs including paid search, retargeting, social and content syndication programs. We supplement the digital motion with select participation at virtual and in-person third-party trade shows, technical conferences, and technology seminars. We also target publication of our thought leadership content and position our subject matter experts in industry journals and publications. We have a large base of loyal customers and strategic partners that provide references and recommendations often featured in our advertising and promotional activities. 
 10 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Competition 
 The market for software and related services targeting philanthropic-focused for-profit and nonprofit organizations is competitive and highly fragmented. For certain areas of the market, entry barriers are low, as general tools for small businesses can usually be configured to manage the most basic marketing, contact management, and accounting needs of social impact organizations. In parallel, as software development evolves from a highly-complex tradecraft with nuanced understanding of architectural patterns and discrete languages, to click-to-code and drag-and-drop development with natively cloud-based infrastructure, it becomes easier for competitors to quickly spin up basic applications to solve common problems. However, once basic needs are met, programs unique to social impact organizations like the stewardship of relationships and partnerships critical to major gift fundraising, community and employee education; the cultivation and management of gifts, grants and K12 digital education sponsorship; the multi-level networking required for peer-to-peer activism and employee engagement; and the sensitive data and reporting behind critical programs run by and for healthcare and education institutions ensure the ongoing need for highly specialized tools. These specialized applications have a higher barrier of entry as they require industry insight to accurately articulate the business workflow that generates the requirements for software products. Moreover, because social impact organizations rely heavily on relationships with and among their supporters, integration of systems drives value beyond mere efficiency. Hence, we believe our insight, the full spectrum of our current solutions and our ability to deliver future solutions make us a strong competitor. We expect to continue to see new entrants as focus on social investment solutions increases to satisfy Millennial and Gen Z donors, customers and employees, the barriers of entry continue to decline with natively cloud solutions and social impact organizations more readily require digital transformation of business processes and data-driven decision making. 
 Our competition falls into four primary categories: 
 Niche products are usually developed as a solution for a single problem at an organization and are adopted by similar organizations to solve a specialized need. These are typically offered by vendors who may have deep industry expertise but may not have the resources to expand beyond a specialized area. We believe we compete against these solutions by offering a set of integrated solutions rather than a single point solution, which we believe improves the overall customer experience. In addition, our open platform allows integration to specialized applications so the opportunity for disruption from these competitors is minimized. 
 Vertical-specific solutions are offered by competitors seeking to meet the enterprise-wide needs of a specific sub-segment of the social impact community. Typically, these solutions are offered by vendors who may offer either a point solution or integrated suite of products used by a vertical. We believe we compete successfully against these competitors through a combination of our integrated suite of offerings and nationwide community networks within verticals where we compete, offering solutions with market leading robustness and reporting as well as the scale, reach, and reputation of our organization. 
 General business software vendors , such as Microsoft, Oracle and Salesforce.com, compete with us in certain areas of our business. While there is a growing trend toward social investment that is prompting philanthropic solutions from these general business vendors, most do not have a complete nonprofit specific focus and, therefore, do not offer or intend to offer nonprofit-specific versions. However, there is a subset of general business software competitors who have introduced nonprofit-specific versions of their products. These products generally do not satisfy the needs of nonprofits from end-to-end as they were not designed to support the specific needs of nonprofits during the original architecture, design, and requirements elicitation phases; therefore, we believe that because these products were not originally designed for nonprofits, they are not yet fully capable of meeting market needs without significant customization. The significant customization required to transform general business products into nonprofit solutions often requires the use of consultants to guide the implementation, without which, leave the adoption of general business software limited to very basic operations and simple needs. We believe our solutions compete successfully against general business software as a nonprofit s needs grow more complex. As a result, we believe we can compete successfully to meet nonprofit-specific requirements, often integrating with general business platforms used for their more generalized operations. 
 Consumer-oriented fundraising platforms , such as GoFundMe and Facebook compete with our business where consumers raise funds directly. To drive adoption of their platforms, these vendors rely on a combination of direct-to-consumer marketing, marketing to nonprofits who in turn market to their supporters, and marketing to intermediate entities such as an event sponsor who will market to participants. We believe we compete well in this market through a combination of positive brand recognition among all three of these groups and the combination of our consumer- and organization-oriented tools relative to those of the competition. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Less frequently, we compete with providers of traditional, non-automated fundraising service providers, including parties providing services in support of traditional direct mail or email campaigns, special events fundraising, peer to peer, telemarketing and personal solicitations. We believe we compete successfully against these traditional fundraising service providers, primarily because our solutions and services are more automated, more robust, more tailored to the needs of nonprofit organizations and more efficient. 
 
 Technology and Architecture 
 Our technology strategy consists of several key building blocks including cloud operations, developer tools, data intelligence and core services. We leverage multiple clouds in our architectures (including AWS and Azure) and have both single and multi-tenant solutions. The best-in-class infrastructure enables rapid innovation with high levels of reliability, availability and security, and lets Blackbaud evolve services over time at independent paces as tech trends and tools emerge. Blackbaud also provides a toolset for customers, partners, and developers to extend the Blackbaud SKY ecosystem. SKY API enables developers to augment Blackbaud solutions with industry-standard REST APIs, standards-based authentication protocols, and a best-in-class developer experience. SKY UX allows developers to create applications with the same consistent, cohesive user interface as Blackbaud s native solutions using an open-source framework that implements Blackbaud design patterns and provides guidelines and tooling for the entire application lifecycle. 
 The development strategy for all Blackbaud cloud solutions emphasizes: 
 Flexibility : Customers and partners can extend our component-based architecture to accommodate changing demands without modifying source code. 
 Adaptability : The architecture of our applications allows us to easily add functionality or integrate with third-party applications to adapt to customer needs and market demands. 
 Scalability : Scalable architecture and the performance, capacity and load balancing of our customers' industry-standard web servers and databases ensure that applications can scale to meet the needs of large organizations. 
 
 Intellectual Property and Other Proprietary Rights 
 To protect our intellectual property, we rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws in various jurisdictions, as well as employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements and confidentiality procedures. We maintain many trademarks, including, but not limited to Blackbaud, Raiser's Edge NXT and Luminate. We currently have two active patents on our technology and have one pending patent application. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had over 3,200 employees, none of whom are represented by unions or are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We are not involved in any material disputes with any of our employees, and we believe that relations with our employees are strong. 
 We benefit from an engaged and driven employee base motivated to join the Company by our work to support organizations and individuals driving social impact. Our purpose attracts and retains talented, competitive applicants, with approximately 90 of employees saying the fact that Blackbaud operates in a socially responsible manner is important to them. This differentiator not only builds stronger employee engagement, but also helps us provide a higher level of service to our customers, with almost 70 of employees reporting that they continued to volunteer during the pandemic despite its unique challenges and one in seven serve on a nonprofit board or committee direct experience that enables them to better serve our customer base. 
 Blackbaud also attracts and promotes talented employees through effective and targeted recruiting strategies. In 2020, Blackbaud announced the launch of a new workforce strategy, allowing for employees to have the option to work from home or other geographic locations within the country to further support the overall well-being during the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2021, we formally went Remote First as a company which expanded our pool of qualified applicants for roles and internal career progression and signals Blackbaud's goal to attract talent globally. 
 Employee engagement is a focus at Blackbaud, and we continually work to understand what matters and to make our workplace better to attract, develop, and retain talent. Every manager at Blackbaud is required to take a multi-course 
 12 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 "Engagement Labs" training designed to equip them with the practical skills to ensure their teams are highly engaged. During 2022, all employees participated in a new, expanded Respect at Work training. We assess and measure progress on engagement and growth opportunities at the individual level through quarterly check-ins, which focus on impact and learnings, and a global career framework that guides employee progression on both management and individual contributor career paths; we also assess engagement on the team and company level through regular employee surveying as well as "Ask Anything" sessions with senior leaders and dedicated Q A sessions in our company-wide All Hands meetings. We enable employees to have opportunities for career development through on-demand and company-led trainings in our internal DevelopU platform. Our compensation framework is designed so that employees are compensated equitably and competitively, including through base salary, variable pay, equity awards and benefits. We also seek to support the whole person, through increased benefits and focus on well-being. 
 Ultimately, we believe that Blackbaud is an excellent place to work because we are energized by our opportunity to fuel social impact and committed to running our business in a way that amplifies the difference we make in the world: we govern our business ethically, contribute to causes and communities that matter to our employees through corporate philanthropy, we pursue sustainability, and we work every day to ensure our workplace is supportive, inclusive and engaging. We offer an array of philanthropy programs aimed at engaging our employees as agents of good, including matching gifts, competitive grants that honor noteworthy examples of volunteerism, employee-led grant committees, skills-based volunteerism initiatives, as well as science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) focused community programs. 
 Our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion supports our efforts to attract, develop and retain a high-performing employee base. In September 2020, we welcomed our first Diversity and Inclusion Officer, as part of our strategy to further accelerate our diversity, inclusion and belonging efforts, while continuing to strengthen relationships with our people and the communities in which we operate. This new leadership focus has amplified and accelerated the significant initiatives already in place at Blackbaud, including: ongoing workshops on creating an inclusive culture; respect in the workplace training for all employees and enhanced training for managers; and affinity groups. We now have 14 employee-led affinity groups, including, but not limited to those that represent veterans, LGBTQ+, women in technology, women in sales, Black employees, those interested in sustainability and those with a disability. 
 During 2022, Blackbaud achieved carbon neutrality and committed to new, transparent ESG reporting. Blackbaud was recognized by Newsweek as one of America's Most Responsible Companies 2023, by Quartz as one of the Best Companies for Remote Workers and was named to Forbes' list of America's Best Employers 2022. 
 Additional information related to our human capital strategy can be found in our 2021 Social Responsibility Report, which is available on the Corporate Social Responsibility section of our website. Information contained on or accessible through our websites is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this Annual Report or any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 Seasonality 
 For a discussion of seasonal variations in our business, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations Seasonality in Item 7 in this report. 
 
 Working Capital 
 For a discussion of our working capital practices, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7 in this report. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.blackbaud.com . We make available, free of charge through our website, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC, but other information on our website is not incorporated into this report. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains these reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov . 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth information concerning our executive officers as of February 15, 2023: 
 Name Age Title Michael P. Gianoni 62 President and Chief Executive Officer Anthony W. Boor 60 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer David J. Benjamin 51 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Kevin P. Gregoire 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Kevin R. McDearis 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Kevin W. Mooney 64 Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Development Jon W. Olson 59 Senior Vice President and General Counsel 
 Michael P. Gianoni joined us as President and Chief Executive Officer in January 2014. Prior to joining us, he served as Executive Vice President and Group President, Financial Institutions at Fiserv, Inc., a global technology provider serving the financial services industry, from January 2010 to December 2013. He joined Fiserv as President of its Investment Services division in December 2007. Mr. Gianoni was Executive Vice President and General Manager of CheckFree Investment Services, which provided investment management solutions to financial services organizations, from June 2006 until December 2007 when CheckFree was acquired by Fiserv. From May 1994 to November 2005, he served as Senior Vice President of DST Systems Inc., a global provider of technology-based service solutions. Mr. Gianoni is a member of the Board of Directors of Teradata Corporation, a publicly traded global big data analytics company, and has been Chairman of the Board since February 2020. Mr. Gianoni has served on several nonprofit boards across several segments, including relief organizations, hospitals and higher education. He currently is a board member of the International African American Museum. He holds an AS in electrical engineering from Waterbury State Technical College, a BS with a business concentration from Charter Oak State College, and an MBA and an honorary Doctorate from the University of New Haven. 
 Anthony W. Boor joined us as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in November 2011 and served as our interim President and Chief Executive Officer from August 2013 to January 2014. Prior to joining us, he served as an executive with Brightpoint, Inc., a global provider of device lifecycle services to the wireless industry, beginning in 1999, most recently as its Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. He also served as the interim President of Europe, Middle East and Africa during Brightpoint's significant restructuring of that region. Mr. Boor served as Director of Business Operations for Brightpoint North America from August 1998 to July 1999. Prior to joining Brightpoint, Mr. Boor was employed in various financial positions with Macmillan Computer Publishing, Inc., a Viacom owned book publishing company specializing in computer hardware and software related topics, Day Dream Publishing, Inc., a publishing company specializing in calendars, posters and time management materials, Ernst Young LLP, an accounting firm, Expo New Mexico, a state-owned fair and expo grounds and live pari-mutual horse racing venue, KPMG LLP, an accounting firm, and Ernst Whinney LLP, an accounting firm. He holds a BS in Accounting from New Mexico State University. 
 David J. Benjamin has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer since July 2022. He joined us as Executive Vice President and President, International Markets Group in April 2018. Prior to joining us, Mr. Benjamin was Senior Vice President and General Manager at Box, a cloud content management platform for businesses, from October 2016 to March 2022. Prior to that, he was Vice President of Global Services at British Telecom, a multinational telecommunications holding company, from October 2007 to September 2016. Prior to that, he was at Guardian Media Group, a mass media company owning various media operations company, where he served as Divisional Chief Operating Officer, among other leadership roles, from June 1995 to September 2007. He holds a BA in European Business from London Metropolitan University and an MBA from The Manchester Metropolitan University. 
 14 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Kevin P. Gregoire has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since July 2022. Prior to that, he was the Executive Vice President and President of U.S. Markets since April 2021. He joined us as Executive Vice President and President, Enterprise Markets Group in April 2018. Prior to joining us, Mr. Gregoire was Group President of the Financial Institutions Group at Fiserv, a global technology provider serving the financial services industry, from March 2014 until February 2018. He joined Fiserv in December 2002 and served in other key leadership roles including Division President and Chief Operating Officer, Card Services, and Senior Vice President of Product and Network Strategy. Mr. Gregoire is also a veteran of the United States Army, where he served as Lieutenant in the Corps of Engineers and was awarded three Army Commendation Medals. He holds a BS from the United States Military Academy at West Point, and an MBA from the F.W. Olin School of Business at Babson College. 
 Kevin R. McDearis has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since October 2016. He joined us in August 2014 as our Senior Vice President of Global Product Development. Prior to joining us, Mr. McDearis was the Chief Information Officer at Manhattan Associates, Inc., a technology leader in supply chain and omnichannel commerce, from August 2012 to July 2014. He was responsible for leading a global IT organization in strategy development, organization development, portfolio and project management, software and infrastructure engineering, service delivery and operations. Prior to that, Mr. McDearis served as Chief Technology Officer for the Enterprise Technology Group and other key leadership positions at Fiserv (formerly CheckFree), a global technology provider serving the financial services industry, from October 1996 to August 2012. Mr. McDearis serves on the Board of Directors for the USS Yorktown Foundation. He also served on the Board of Directors of the Technology Association of Georgia ("TAG") from 2011 to 2016 and as Vice Chairman of the Board in 2014. He holds a BS in Management from The Georgia Institute of Technology. 
 Kevin W. Mooney has served as our Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Development since April 2021. Before that he was the Executive Vice President and President, General Markets Group since January 2010. He joined us in July 2008 as our Chief Commercial Officer. Before joining Blackbaud, Mr. Mooney was a senior executive at Travelport GDS from August 2007 to May 2008. As Chief Commercial Officer of Travelport GDS, one of the world's largest providers of information services and transaction processing to the travel industry, Mr. Mooney was responsible for global sales, marketing, training, service and support activities. Prior to that he was Chief Financial Officer for Worldspan from March 2005 until it was acquired by Travelport in August 2007. Mr. Mooney has also held key executive positions in the telecommunications industry and he served as a member of the Board of Directors of Level 3 Communications, Inc., a publicly traded global managed network services company, from October 2014 to November 2017. Prior to that he served on the Board of Directors of tw telecom from August 2005 until it was acquired by Level 3 in October 2014. He holds a BS in Finance from Seton Hall University, and an MBA in Finance from Georgia State University. 
 Jon W. Olson joined us as Senior Vice President and General Counsel in September 2008. Mr. Olson is responsible for Blackbaud's legal and real estate activities. Prior to joining us, he was an attorney with Alcatel-Lucent USA, the U.S. subsidiary of France-based Alcatel-Lucent (now owned by Nokia Corporation) that designs, develops, and builds wireline, wireless, and converged communications networks, from July 1997 to September 2008. Prior to joining Alcatel-Lucent, Mr. Olson was employed in legal positions with MCI, Inc., a global business and residential communications company, from September 1996 to July 1997, and Unisys Corporation, a global information technology company, from July 1992 to September 1996. Mr. Olson is a member of the MUSC (Medical University of South Carolina) Hollings Cancer Center Advisory Board and is on the board of the Charleston Symphony and Charleston Jazz. He holds a BS from Georgetown University, a JD from Dickinson School of Law and an MBA from Seton Hall University. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our business operations face a number of risks. These risks should be read and considered with other information provided in this report. 
 
 Strategic Risks 
 Our failure to compete successfully could cause our revenue or market share to decline. 
 Our market is highly competitive and rapidly evolving, and there are limited barriers to entry for many segments of this market. 
 The companies we compete with and other potential competitors may have greater financial, technical and marketing resources, generate greater revenue and have better name recognition than we do. Also, a large, diversified software enterprise could decide to enter the market directly, including through acquisitions. Competitive pressures can adversely impact our business by limiting the prices we can charge our customers and making the adoption and renewal of our solutions more difficult. 
 Our competitors might also establish or strengthen cooperative relationships with resellers and third-party consulting firms or other parties with whom we have had relationships, thereby limiting our ability to promote our solutions. 
 These competitive pressures could cause our revenue and market share to decline. 
 Because competition for highly qualified personnel is intense, we might not be able to attract and retain key personnel needed to support our planned growth. 
 To meet our objectives successfully, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel with specialized skill sets. If we are unable to attract and retain suitably qualified management, there could be a material adverse impact on our business. 
 Further, we use equity incentive programs and equity awards in lieu of cash as part of our overall employee compensation agreements to both attract and retain personnel. A decline in our stock price could negatively impact the value of these equity incentive and related compensation programs as retention and recruiting tools. We may need to create new or additional equity incentive programs and/or compensation packages to remain competitive, which could be dilutive to our existing stockholders and/or adversely affect our results of operations. 
 More rapid than expected success in implementing our strategic shift from a license-based and one-time services business model to a cloud subscription business model with partners delivering some of our services could negatively impact our total revenue growth and financial performance. 
 We continue to intentionally shift our focus towards selling cloud subscription solutions, which generally require less customization services. Also, our cloud solution contracts now frequently include subscription-based professional, analytic and training services or those services can be delivered through our partner program. This strategic shift to migrate our existing customers, sell new customers our cloud subscription solutions and have some services delivered by our partners results in a decrease in our one-time services contracts and revenue. Although our business model seeks to anticipate the rate of migration and resulting negative impact on our total revenue growth, more rapid than expected success in implementing this strategic shift could negatively impact our total revenue growth and financial performance. 
 16 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 The market for software and services for the social impact community might not grow and the organizations in that community might not continue to adopt our solutions and services. 
 Many organizations in the social impact community, including nonprofits, foundations, companies, education institutions, and healthcare organizations, have not traditionally used integrated and comprehensive software and services for their specific needs. We cannot be certain that the market for such solutions and services will continue to develop and grow or that these organizations will elect to adopt our solutions and services rather than continue to use traditional, less automated methods, attempt to develop software internally, rely upon legacy software systems, or use software solutions not specifically designed for this market. Organizations that have already invested substantial resources in other fundraising methods or other non-integrated software solutions might be reluctant to adopt our solutions and services to supplement or replace their existing systems or methods. In addition, the implementation of one or more of our software solutions can involve significant capital commitments by our customers, which they may be unwilling or unable to make. If demand for and market acceptance of our solutions and services does not increase, we might not grow our business as we expect. 
 If we fail to respond to technological changes or successfully introduce new and improved solutions, our competitive position may be harmed and our business may suffer. 
 The introduction of solutions encompassing new technologies can render existing solutions obsolete and unmarketable. As a result, our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to continue to enhance existing solutions and develop and introduce in a timely manner or acquire new solutions that keep pace with technological developments, satisfy increasingly sophisticated customer requirements and achieve market acceptance. If we are unable to develop or acquire on a timely and cost-effective basis new software solutions or enhancements to existing solutions or if such new solutions or enhancements do not achieve market acceptance, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 
 If we do not successfully address the risks inherent in the expansion of our international operations, our business could suffer. 
 We currently have non-U.S. operations primarily in the U.K., Canada, Australia and Costa Rica, and we intend to expand further into international markets. Expansion of our international operations will require a significant amount of attention from our management and substantial financial resources and might require us to add qualified management in these markets. Our direct sales model requires us to attract, retain and manage qualified sales personnel capable of selling into markets outside the United States. In some cases, our costs of sales might increase if our customers require us to sell through local distributors. If we are unable to grow our international operations in a cost-effective and timely manner, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 We expect that an increasing portion of our international revenues will be denominated in foreign currencies, subjecting us to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. If we expand our international operations, exposures to gains and losses on foreign currency transactions may increase. (See Foreign Currency Exchange Rates on page 58 for more information regarding the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on our operations.) 
 Doing business internationally involves additional risks that could harm our operating results. Along with risks similar to those faced by our U.S. operations, our international operations are also subject to risks related to differing legal, political, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions, including: 
 the imposition of additional withholding taxes or other tax on our foreign income, tariffs or restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including currency exchange controls; 
 greater risk of a failure of our employees and partners to comply with both U.S. and foreign laws, including antitrust regulations, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, and any trade regulations ensuring fair trade practices; and 
 the imposition of, or unexpected adverse changes in, foreign laws or regulatory requirements, including those pertaining to export restrictions, privacy and data protection, trade and employment restrictions and intellectual protections. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Unfavorable media coverage related to peer-to-peer fundraising campaigns on our social platforms could negatively impact our business. 
 Our online social giving platforms receive a high degree of media coverage for particularly news-worthy or controversial fundraising campaigns, as well as for our fee-based business model. Although our terms of service provide express limitations on the platforms' user-initiated fundraising campaigns and reserve our right to remove content that violates our terms of service, it may not always be possible to remove such content prior to it receiving attention in the media. Negative publicity related to our online social giving platforms could have an adverse effect on the size, engagement and loyalty of our user base and could result in decreased revenue, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 Acquisitions could be difficult to consummate and integrate into our operations, and they could disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value or impair our financial results. 
 As part of our business strategy, we will continue from time to time to seek to grow our business through acquisitions of new or complementary businesses, technologies or products that we believe can improve our ability to compete in our existing customer markets or allow us to enter new markets. The potential risks associated with acquisitions and investment transactions include, but are not limited to: 
 failure to realize anticipated returns on investment, cost savings and synergies; 
 difficulty in assimilating the operations, policies and personnel of the acquired company; 
 unanticipated costs associated with acquisitions; 
 challenges in combining product offerings and entering into new markets in which we may not have experience; 
 distraction of management s attention from normal business operations; 
 potential loss of key employees of the acquired company; 
 difficulty implementing effective internal controls over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and data protection procedures; 
 impairment of relationships with customers or suppliers; and 
 issues not discovered in due diligence, which may include product quality issues or legal or other contingencies. 
 For example, following our acquisition of EVERFI, Inc. (as further described in Note 3 to our consolidate financial statements in this report) we experienced the loss of certain employees and unexpected delays in realizing anticipated returns on our investment. 
 Acquisitions, including for example our recent acquisition of EVERFI, Inc., may also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities, the expenditure of available cash, and amortization expenses or write-downs related to intangible assets such as goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results or financial condition. We may experience risks relating to the challenges and costs of closing a business combination and the risk that an announced business combination may not close. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in making additional acquisitions in the future or in integrating or executing on our business plan for existing or future acquisitions. 
 A reduction in the growth or amount of charitable giving due to deteriorating general economic conditions, a recession or otherwise could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 A large percentage of our customers are nonprofits, foundations, education institutions, healthcare organizations and other members of the social impact community that fully or partially rely on charitable donations. If charitable giving, including online giving, does not continue to grow or declines, it could limit our current and potential customers' ability to use and pay for our solutions and services, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 In addition, we derive a significant portion of our revenue from transaction-based payment processing fees that we collect from our customers through our Blackbaud Merchant Services solution, which enables our customers' donors to make donations and purchase goods and services using various payment options. A reduction in the growth of, or a decline in, charitable giving to these customers, whether due to deteriorating general economic conditions, the impact of past or future changes to applicable tax laws, or otherwise, could negatively impact the volume and size of such payment processing transactions and thereby adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 18 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Our failure to obtain licenses for, or our use of, third-party technologies could harm our business. 
 We expect to continue licensing technologies from third parties, including applications used in our research and development activities, technologies that are integrated into our solutions and solutions that we resell. We believe that the loss of any third-party technologies currently integrated into our solutions could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our inability in the future to obtain any third-party licenses on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, could delay future solution development until equivalent technology can be identified, licensed or developed and integrated. This inability in turn could harm our business and operating results. 
 Our use of third-party technologies also exposes us to increased risks including, but not limited to, risks associated with the integration of new technology into our solutions, the diversion of our resources from development of our own proprietary technology and our inability to generate revenue from licensed technology sufficient to offset associated acquisition and maintenance costs. 
 The U.K.'s departure from the European Union ("E.U.") could adversely affect us. 
 Effective January 31, 2020, the U.K. is no longer a member of the E.U. Effective January 1, 2021, the relationship between the U.K. and the E.U. is governed primarily by certain trade and cooperation agreements, that set forth, among other things, terms regarding the trade of goods and services, workers rights, social and environmental matters, data sharing, data privacy and financial services. Because we currently conduct business in the U.K. and in Europe, the U.K. s exit from the E.U. under such circumstances creates uncertainty and could affect the business of and/or our relationships with our customers and partners as well as the value of the British Pound and the Euro relative to the U.S. dollar. The effects of Brexit on us, including those mentioned above and others we cannot now anticipate, are difficult to predict and could adversely affect our business, business opportunities, results of operations or financial condition in both the short-term and thereafter. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 Breaches of our software, our failure to securely collect, store and transmit customer information, or our failure to safeguard confidential donor data, exposes us to liability, litigation, government investigations, penalties and remedial costs and our reputation and business could suffer. 
 Fundamental to the use of our solutions is the secure collection, storage and transmission of confidential donor and end user data and transaction data, including in our payment services. Despite the network, application and physical security procedures and internal control measures we employ to safeguard our systems, we have been, and in the future may be, vulnerable to a security breach, intrusion, loss or theft of confidential donor data and transaction data, which has in the past harmed and may in the future harm our business, reputation and future financial results. Furthermore, our reliance on remote access to information systems increases our exposure to potential cybersecurity incidents. 
 Like many major businesses, we are, from time to time, a target of cyberattacks, phishing and social engineering schemes, such as the Security Incident (as described below and in Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in this report), and we expect these threats to continue, some of which have been, and in the future may be, successful to varying degrees. Because the numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, degrade or sabotage systems have become increasingly more complex and sophisticated, it may be difficult to anticipate these acts or to detect them for periods of time, as with the Security Incident, and we may be unable to respond adequately or timely. As these threats continue to evolve and increase, we have already devoted and expect to continue to devote significant resources in order to modify and enhance our security controls and to identify and remediate any security vulnerabilities. 
 A compromise of our data security, such as the Security Incident, that results in customer or customer constituent personal or payment card data being obtained by unauthorized persons could adversely affect our reputation with our customers and others, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity has resulted in, and could in the future result in, litigation against us, government investigations or the imposition of fines and penalties. (See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in this report for information regarding litigation, government investigations, fines and penalties related to the Security Incident.) We might be required to expend significant additional capital and other resources to rectify problems caused by a security breach, including notification under data privacy laws and regulations, and incur expenses related to remediating our information security systems. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Even though we may carry cyber-technology insurance policies that provide insurance coverage under certain circumstances, we have in the past suffered losses and may in the future suffer losses as a result of a security breach that exceed the coverage available under our insurance policies or for which we do not have coverage. (See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in this report for expense and insurance coverage information related to the Security Incident.) Furthermore, in the future such insurance may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. A security breach and any efforts we make to address such breach could also result in a disruption of our operations, particularly our online sales operations. 
 The occurrence of actual cyber security events, such as the Security Incident, could magnify the severity of the adverse effects of future incidents on our business. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage information systems can be difficult to detect for long periods of time and can involve difficult or prolonged assessment or remediation periods even once detected. We, therefore, cannot assure you that all potential causes of past significant incidents, including the Security Incident, have been fully identified and remediated. The steps we take may not be sufficient to prevent future significant incidents and, as a result, such incidents may occur again. 
 The Security Incident has had, and may continue to have, numerous adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 As previously disclosed, on July 16, 2020, we contacted certain customers to inform them about the Security Incident, including that in May 2020 we discovered and stopped a ransomware attack. Prior to our successfully preventing the cybercriminal from blocking our system access and fully encrypting files, and ultimately expelling them from our system with no significant disruption to our operations, the cybercriminal removed a copy of a subset of data from our self-hosted environment. Based on the nature of the incident, our research and third party (including law enforcement) investigation we believe that no data went beyond the cybercriminal, was or will be misused, or will be disseminated or otherwise made available publicly. However, our investigation into the Security Incident remains ongoing and may provide additional information. 
 To date, we have received approximately 260 customer reimbursement requests and approximately 400 reservations of the right to seek expense recovery in the future from customers or their attorneys in the U.S., U.K. and Canada related to the Security Incident. We have also received notices of proposed claims on behalf of a number of UK data subjects, which we are reviewing. In addition, insurance companies representing various customers interests through subrogation claims have contacted us, and certain insurance companies have filed subrogation claim in court. Customer and insurer subrogation claims generally seek reimbursement of their costs and expenses associated with notifying their own customers of the Security Incident and taking steps to assure that personal information has not been compromised as a result of the Security Incident. In addition, presently, we are a defendant in 19 putative consumer class action cases [17 in U.S. federal courts (which have been consolidated under multi district litigation to a single federal court) and 2 in Canadian courts] alleging harm from the Security Incident. The plaintiffs in these cases, who generally purport to represent various classes of individual constituents of our customers, generally claim to have been harmed by alleged actions and/or omissions by us in connection with the Security Incident and assert a variety of common law and statutory claims seeking monetary damages, injunctive relief, costs and attorneys fees, and other related relief. To date, we also have received a consolidated, multi-state Civil Investigative Demand issued on behalf of 49 state Attorneys General and the District of Columbia and a separate Civil Investigative Demand from the office of the California Attorney General relating to the Security Incident. In addition, we are subject to pending governmental actions or investigations by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner and the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada. (See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report for a more detailed description of the Security Incident and related matters.) 
 We may be named as a party in additional lawsuits, other claims may be asserted by or on behalf of our customers or their constituents, and we may be subject to additional governmental inquires, requests or investigations. Responding to and resolving these current and any future lawsuits, claims and/or investigations could result in material remedial and other expenses that will not be covered by insurance. For example, we have recorded approximately 23.0 million in aggregate liabilities for loss contingencies related to the Security Incident that we believe we can reasonably estimate as of December 31, 2022. Certain governmental authorities are seeking to impose undertakings, injunctive relief, consent decrees, or other civil or criminal penalties, which could, among other things, materially increase our data security costs or otherwise require us to alter how we operate our business. Although we intend to defend ourselves vigorously against the claims asserted against us, we cannot predict the potential outcomes, cost and expenses associated with current and any future claims, lawsuits, inquiries and investigations. 
 20 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 In addition, any legislative or regulatory changes adopted in reaction to the Security Incident or other companies data breaches could require us to make modifications to the operation of our business that could have an adverse effect and/or increase or accelerate our compliance costs. 
 Significant management time and Company resources have been, and are expected to continue to be, devoted to the Security Incident. For example, for full year 2022, we incurred net pre-tax expense of 32.7 million and had net cash outlays of 20.9 million for ongoing legal fees related to the Security Incident. For full year 2023, we currently expect pre-tax expense of approximately 20 million to 30 million and net cash outlays of approximately 25 million to 35 million for ongoing legal fees related to the Security Incident. Inclusive of accrued liabilities for loss contingencies discussed above, we incurred a total of 55.7 million of net pre-tax expense related to the Security Incident during 2022. Although we carry insurance against certain losses related to the Security Incident, we have exceeded the limit of that insurance coverage. As a result, we will be responsible for all expenses or other losses (including penalties, fines or other judgments) or all types of claims that may arise in connection with the Security Incident, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. (See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report.) If any such fines or penalties were great enough that we could not pay them through funds generated from operating activities and/or cause a default under the 2020 Credit Facility, we may be forced to renegotiate or obtain a waiver under the 2020 Credit Facility and/or seek additional debt or equity financing. Such renegotiation or financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. In these circumstances, if we were unable to obtain sufficient financing, we may not be able to meet our obligations as they come due. 
 In addition, publicity or developments related to the Security Incident could in the future have a range of other adverse effects on our business or prospects, including causing or contributing to loss of customer confidence, reduced customer demand, reduced customer retention, strategic growth opportunities, and associated retention and recruiting difficulties, some or all of which could be material. 
 Climate change and other natural disasters, new regulations and standards and climate-related goals have impacted, and may in the future impact, our operations and financial performance. 
 The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and our industry may impact our business operations and those of our suppliers, customers and partners. Climate change increases the severity and frequency of extreme weather events such as hurricanes, wildfires, floods, heat waves, or power shortages, all of which could lead to business disruptions. The locations of our principal executive offices and our data centers are vulnerable to the effects of climate events and other natural disasters, including hurricanes, heat waves and earthquakes, which we have experienced in the past. In addition, the effects of climate change are harder to mitigate for our remote-first workforce, which exposes the Company to business disruption. Even though we carry business interruption insurance policies and typically have provisions in our commercial contracts that protect us in certain events, we might suffer losses as a result of business interruptions that exceed the coverage available under our insurance policies or for which we do not have coverage. Any natural disaster or catastrophic event affecting us could have a significant negative impact on our operations. 
 Expected new regulations and standards relating to public disclosure, including those related to climate change, could adversely could impose significant costs on us to comply with such regulations. 
 Finally, a failure to meet our climate-related goals, such as our commitment and progress towards reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, could damage our reputation, affect our financial performance and ability to attract and retain talent. 
 Defects, delays or interruptions in our cloud solutions and hosting services could diminish demand for these services and subject us to substantial liability. 
 We currently utilize data center hosting facilities to provide cloud solutions to most of our subscription customers and hosting services to our on-premise license customers. Any damage to, or failure of, these data center systems generally could result in interruptions in service to our customers, notwithstanding any business continuity or disaster recovery agreements that may currently be in place at these facilities. As noted above, our executive offices and some of our data centers are located in areas that are vulnerable to the effects of climate change and could be subject to increased interruptions as a result of the severity and increased frequency of extreme weather events such as hurricanes, wildfires, floods, heat waves, or power shortages. Because our cloud solutions and hosting service offerings are complex and we have incorporated a variety of new computer hardware and software systems at our data centers, our services might have errors or defects that users identify after they begin using our services. This could result in unanticipated downtime for our customers and harm to our reputation and business results. Internet-based services sometimes contain undetected errors when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. We have from time to time found defects in our web-based services and new errors 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 might again be detected in the future. In addition, our customers might use our Internet-based offerings in unanticipated ways that cause a disruption in service for other customers attempting to access their data. 
 Because our customers use these services for important aspects of their businesses, any defects, delays or disruptions in service or other performance problems with our services could hurt our reputation and damage our customers' businesses. If that occurs, customers could elect to cancel their service, delay or withhold payment to us, not purchase from us in the future or make claims against us, which could result in an increase in our provision for credit losses, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or the expense and risk of litigation. Any of these could harm our business and reputation. 
 Material defects or errors in the software we use to deliver our services could harm our reputation, result in significant costs to us and impair our ability to sell our services. 
 The software applications underlying our services are inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors, particularly when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. We have from time to time found defects in our software, and new errors in our existing software may be detected in the future. 
 After the release of our software, defects or errors may also be identified from time to time by our internal team and our customers. The costs incurred in correcting any material defects or errors in our software may be substantial and could harm our operating results. Furthermore, our customers may use our software together with solutions from other companies. As a result, when problems occur, it might be difficult to identify the source of the problem. Even when our software does not cause these problems, the existence of these errors might cause us to incur significant costs, divert the attention of our technical personnel from our solution development efforts, impact our reputation and cause significant customer relations problems. 
 If we are unable, or our customers believe we may be unable, to detect and prevent unauthorized use of payment card or other private financial or personal information, we could be subject to financial liability, our reputation could be harmed and customers may be reluctant to use our solutions and services. 
 The rules of payment card associations in which we participate require that we comply with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ("PCI DSS") in order to preserve security of payment card data. Under PCI DSS, we are required to adopt and implement internal controls over the use, storage and security of payment card data to help prevent card fraud. Conforming our solutions and services to PCI DSS or other payment services related regulations or requirements imposed by payment networks or our customers or payment processing partners is expensive and time-consuming. However, failure to comply may subject us to fines, penalties, damages and civil liability, may impair the security of payment card data in our possession, and may harm our reputation and our business prospects, including by limiting our ability to process transactions. All Blackbaud products in scope for PCI DSS compliance meet applicable PCI DSS security requirements. 
 In addition, we routinely subject our various data protection processes and controls to voluntary third-party review, audit or reporting, including, for example, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants System and Organization Controls reporting. Failure to conduct these voluntary data protection process and control reviews or to obtain and maintain audits or reports covering our data protection processes and controls may harm our reputation or our business prospects and our ability to market our solutions to our customers. 
 We are subject to payment processing risk that could negatively impact our results of operation and business if not adequately controlled and managed. 
 Our solutions provide our customers payment processing capabilities that enable their constituents to make donations and purchase services using numerous payment options, including credit card and automated clearing house ACH checking transactions, through secure online transactions. The provision of convenient, trusted, fast and effective payment processing services to our customers and potential customers is critical to our business, and revenue from payments processing constitutes a significant percentage of our total revenue. Increases in payment processing fees, material changes in our payment processing systems, changes to rules or regulations concerning payments or disruptions or failures in our payment processing systems or payment products, including products we use to update payment information, could materially adversely impact our customer retention and results of operation. In addition, from time to time, we encounter fraudulent use of payment methods that could result in substantial additional costs or delay, preclude planned transactions, product launches or improvements, require significant and costly operational changes, impose restrictions, limitations, or additional requirements on our business, products and services, prevent or limit us from providing our products or services in a given market and adversely impact customer retention. Furthermore, we continue to undertake system upgrades designed to 
 22 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 improve the availability, reliability, resiliency and speed of our payments systems. These efforts are costly and time-consuming, involve significant technical complexity and risk, may divert our resources from new features and products and may ultimately not be effective. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 Because a significant portion of our revenue is recognized over time on a ratable basis over the contract term, downturns in sales may not be immediately reflected in our revenue. 
 We generally recognize our subscription and maintenance revenue ratably over time over the contract term. Our subscription arrangements are generally for a term of three years at contract inception with one to three-year renewals thereafter. Most of our maintenance arrangements are for a one-year term. As a result, much of the revenue we report in each quarter is attributable to arrangements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in sales to new customers, renewals by existing customers or market acceptance of our solutions in any one quarter will not necessarily be fully reflected in the revenues in that quarter and could negatively affect our revenues and profitability in future quarters. 
 If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our solutions or annual maintenance and support arrangements or if they do not renew them on terms that are favorable to us, our business might suffer. 
 Our subscription arrangements are generally for a term of three years at contract inception with one to three-year renewals thereafter. Most of our maintenance arrangements are for a one-year term. As the end of the contract term approaches, we seek the renewal of the agreement with the customer. Historically, subscription and maintenance renewals have represented a significant portion of our total revenue. Because of this characteristic of our business, if our customers choose not to renew their subscriptions or maintenance and support arrangements with us on beneficial terms or at all, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. Our customers' renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their level of satisfaction with our solutions and services and their ability to continue their operations and spending levels due to general economic conditions, extraordinary business interruptions, client-specific financial issues or otherwise. 
 We significantly increased our leverage in connection with acquisition of EVERFI and may increase our leverage in the future in connection with additional acquisitions, Security Incident costs or other business purposes, which could adversely impact our business and financial performance, as described below. 
 We incurred a substantial amount of indebtedness in connection with acquisitions, including our acquisition of EVERFI, Inc. (as described in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report). As a result of this indebtedness, our interest payment obligations have increased. In addition, we have been named as a party in various lawsuits in connection with the Security Incident, claims have been asserted by or on behalf of our customers or their constituents, and we are subject to various governmental inquires, requests or investigations. Responding to and resolving these current and any future lawsuits, claims and/or investigations could result in material remedial and other expenses. Although we intend to defend ourselves vigorously against the claims asserted against us, we cannot predict the potential outcomes, cost and expenses associated with current and any future claims, lawsuits, inquiries and investigations, which could require that we incur additional indebtedness to fund. (See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in this report for additional information regarding the Security Incident.) 
 The degree to which we are leveraged could have adverse effects on our business, including the following: 
 Requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends, share repurchases and other general corporate purposes; 
 Limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate; 
 Restricting us from making additional strategic acquisitions or exploiting business opportunities; 
 Placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; 
 Reducing our currently available borrowing capacity or limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and 
 Decreasing our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic and industry conditions. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 If we incur additional debt, these risks may intensify, particularly if interest rates increase in the future. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations will depend upon our future performance, which will be subject to the financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. 
 In addition, additional leverage could impact our ability to meet certain financial and other covenants contained in our 2020 Credit Facility. (See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report for a more detailed description of our 2020 Credit Facility.) There can be no assurance that we will be able to remain in compliance with the covenants to which we are now subject or may be subject in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from our lenders or amend the covenants. 
 In the event of a default under our 2020 Credit Facility, we could be required to immediately repay all outstanding borrowings, which we might not be able to do and which would materially negatively affect our business, operations and financial condition. 
 Our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. The impairment of a significant portion of these assets could negatively affect our operating results. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.1 billion and 635.1 million of goodwill and intangible assets, respectively. On at least an annual basis, we assess whether there have been impairments in the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets. If the carrying value of an asset is determined to be impaired, then it is written down to fair value by a non-cash charge to operating earnings. Changes in circumstances that could indicate that the carrying value of goodwill or intangible assets may not be recoverable include declines in our stock price, market capitalization, cash flows and slower growth rates in our industry. We cannot accurately predict the likelihood or potential amount and timing of any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets. An impairment of a significant portion of goodwill or intangible assets could materially and negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Restrictions in our credit facility may limit our activities, including dividend payments, share repurchases and acquisitions. 
 Our credit facility contains restrictions, including covenants limiting our ability to incur additional debt, grant liens, make acquisitions and other investments, prepay specified debt, consolidate, merge or acquire other businesses, sell assets, pay dividends and other distributions, repurchase stock and enter into transactions with affiliates. There can be no assurance that we will be able to remain in compliance with the covenants to which we are subject in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from our lenders or amend the covenants. 
 In the event of a default under our credit facility, we could be required to immediately repay all outstanding borrowings, which we might not be able to do. In addition, certain of our material domestic subsidiaries are required to guarantee amounts borrowed under the credit facility, and we have pledged the shares of certain of our subsidiaries as collateral for our obligations under the credit facility. Any such default could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate, including allowing lenders under the credit facility to enforce guarantees of our subsidiaries, if any, or exercise their rights with respect to the shares pledged as collateral. 
 We cannot guarantee that our stock repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock and will diminish our cash reserves. 
 Although our board of directors has authorized a stock repurchase program that does not have an expiration date, the program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares of our common stock. We cannot guarantee that the program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. The program could affect the trading price of our stock and increase volatility, and any announcement of a termination of this program may result in a decrease in the trading price of our stock. In addition, this program will diminish our cash reserves, which may impact our ability to finance future growth, to pursue possible future strategic opportunities and acquisitions and fund liabilities and expenses related to the Security Incident. (See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements in this report for additional information related to our stock repurchase program.) 
 We have recorded significant deferred tax assets, and we might never realize their full value, which would result in a charge against our earnings. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had deferred tax assets of 118.9 million. Realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent upon our generating sufficient taxable income in future years to realize the tax benefit from those assets. Deferred tax assets 
 24 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 are reviewed at least annually for realizability. A charge against our earnings would result if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized beyond our existing valuation allowance. This could be caused by, among other things, deterioration in performance, adverse market conditions, adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including changes that restrict the activities of or affect the solutions sold by our business and a variety of other facto rs. For example, during 2020, we recorded an increase in our valuation allowance attributable to state tax credit carryforwards for which we do not expect to realize benefit. (See Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements in this report for additional details.) If a deferred tax asset net of our valuation allowance was determined to be not realizable in a future period, the charge to earnings would be recognized as an expense in our results of operations in the period the determination is made. Additionally, if we are unable to utilize our deferred tax assets, our cash flow available to fund operations could be adversely affected. 
 Depending on future circumstances, it is possible that we might never realize the full value of our deferred tax assets. Any future impairment charges related to a significant portion of our deferred tax assets would have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Legal and Compliance Risks 
 Privacy and data protection concerns, including evolving domestic and international government regulation in the area of consumer data privacy or data protection, could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 The effectiveness of our software solutions relies on our customers' storage and use of data concerning their customers, including financial, personally identifying or other sensitive data. Our customers' collection and use of this data for donor profiling, data analytics or communications outreach might raise privacy and data protection concerns and negatively impact the demand for our solutions and services. For example, our custom modeling and analytical services rely heavily on processing and using of data we gather from customers and various sources. Privacy and data protection laws could add restrictions or regulatory burdens, which could limit our ability to market and profit from those services. 
 Governments in some jurisdictions have enacted or are considering enacting consumer data privacy or data protection legislation, including laws and regulations applying to the solicitation, collection, transfer, processing and use of personal data. This legislation could reduce the demand for our software solutions if we fail to design or enhance our solutions to enable our customers to comply with the privacy and data protection measures required by the legislation. Moreover, we may be exposed to liability under existing or new consumer privacy or data protection legislation. For example, when providing our solutions to certain customers in the healthcare industry, we must comply with applicable provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), and might be subject to similar provisions of other legislation, including, without limitation, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and related regulations, and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, which became effective January 1, 2020, and may apply to some of our customers and areas of business. Even technical violations of these laws may result in penalties that are assessed for each non-compliant transaction. 
 Blackbaud, and some of our customers, are subject to the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective in the E.U. in May 2018 and its provisions continue to apply in the U.K. after Brexit by virtue of legislation incorporating the GDPR into U.K. data protection law, known as the "U.K. GDPR." The law requires companies to meet requirements regarding the handling of personal data, including rights such as the portability of personal data. We completed an extensive program of product and operational changes to address GDPR requirements and all future solutions sold to customers subject to GDPR must include GDPR features. The implementation of GDPR has affected our ability to offer some features and services to customers in the E.U. and U.K. Furthermore, actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase, which could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in significant regulatory penalties and legal liability. 
 If our customers or we were found to be subject to and in violation of any privacy or data protection laws or regulations, our business may be materially and adversely impacted and we and/or our customers would likely have to change our business practices. In addition, these laws and regulations could impose significant costs on our customers and us and make it more difficult for donors to make online donations. (See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report for a description of the Security Incident and related legal proceedings and regulatory matters.) 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 We are in the information technology business, and our solutions and services store, retrieve, transfer, manipulate and manage our customers information and data. The effectiveness of our software solutions relies on our customers storage and use of data concerning their donors, including financial, personally identifying and other sensitive data and our business uses similar systems that require us to store and use data with respect to our customers and personnel. Our collection and our customers collection and use of this data might raise privacy and data protection concerns and negatively impact our business or the demand for our solutions and services. If a breach of data security, such as the Security Incident, were to occur, or other violation of privacy or data protection laws and regulations were to be alleged, our business may be materially and adversely impacted and solutions may be perceived as less desirable, which would negatively affect our business and operating results. 
 Claims that we or our technologies infringe upon the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of a third party may require us to incur significant costs, enter into royalty or licensing agreements or develop or license substitute technology. 
 We have been, and may in the future be subject to claims that the technologies in our solutions and services infringe upon the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of a third party. In addition, the vendors providing us with technology that we use in our own solutions could become subject to similar infringement claims. Although we believe that our solutions and services do not infringe any intellectual property or other proprietary rights, we cannot be certain that our solutions and services do not, or that they will not in the future, infringe intellectual property or other proprietary rights held by others. Any claims of infringement could cause us to incur substantial costs to defend against the claim, even if the claim is without merit, and could distract our management from our business. Moreover, any settlement or adverse judgment resulting from the claim could require us to pay substantial amounts, or obtain a license to continue to use the technology and services that are the subject of the claim, and/or otherwise restrict or prohibit our use of the same. There can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms from the third party asserting any particular claim, or that we would be able to successfully develop alternative technology on a timely basis, or that we would be able to obtain a license from another provider of suitable alternative technology to permit us to continue offering, and our customers to continue using, the solutions and services. In addition, we generally provide in our customer arrangements for certain solutions and services that we will indemnify our customers against third-party infringement claims relating to technology we provide to those customers, which could obligate us to pay damages if the solutions and services were found to be infringing. Infringement claims asserted against us, our vendors or our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our solutions utilize open source software, which may subject us to litigation, require us to re-engineer our solutions, or otherwise divert resources away from our development efforts. 
 We use open source software in connection with certain of our solutions. Such open source software is generally licensed by its authors or other third parties under open source licenses, including, for example, the GNU General Public License, the GNU Lesser General Public License, Apache-style licenses, BSD-style licenses and other open source licenses. There is little legal precedent governing the interpretation of many of the terms of some of these licenses and, therefore, the potential impact of these terms on our business is currently unable to be determined and may result in unanticipated obligations regarding our solutions and technologies. From time to time, companies that incorporate open source software into their products have faced claims challenging the ownership of open source software and/or compliance with open source license terms. Therefore, we could be subject to litigation by parties claiming ownership of open source software or noncompliance with open source licensing terms. Some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their own software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software and/or make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. While we monitor our use of open source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose the source code or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could inadvertently occur and we may be required to release proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer our applications, discontinue sales in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis, or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our development efforts, any of which could adversely affect our business. 
 We rely upon trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret laws to protect our proprietary rights, which might not provide us with adequate protection. 
 Our success and ability to compete depends to a significant degree upon the protection of our proprietary technology rights. We might not be successful in protecting our proprietary technology and our proprietary rights might not provide us with a meaningful competitive advantage. To protect our core proprietary technology, we rely on a combination of patent, 
 26 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as nondisclosure agreements, each of which affords only limited protection. 
 Changing domestic and international laws, government regulations and policies, including, without limitation, California AB488 and other similar laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business and operating results by increasing compliance costs, reducing customer demand for our solutions or damaging our reputation. 
 Certain of our solutions, in particular our financial management and payment services solutions, relate to activity heavily regulated by government agencies in the U.S., the U.K. and other countries in which we operate. The laws and regulations enforced by these agencies are proposed or enacted to deter fraud and other illicit financial transactions and to protect consumers and the financial system and are often revised or increased in scope. We have procedures and controls in place to monitor compliance with numerous federal, state and foreign laws and regulations. However, because these laws and regulations are complex, differ between jurisdictions, and are often subject to interpretation, or as a result of unintended errors, we may, from time to time, inadvertently violate these laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws and regulations is expensive and requires the time and attention of management. These costs divert capital and focus away from efforts intended to grow our business. If we do not successfully comply with laws, regulations, or policies, we could incur fines or penalties, be subject to litigation, lose existing or new customer contracts or other business, and suffer damage to our reputation. 
 In addition, changes in certain laws, regulations or policies could impact our customers, alter our business environment and limit our operations. For example, various financial institutions subscribe to our EVERFI training solution, which they may then provide free of charge to schools in low-income and moderate-income communities as a means of satisfying their obligations under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, as amended (the CRA ). Repeal or significant modification of the CRA or the many government agency regulations and policies implementing its provisions could cause financial institutions to limit or eliminate their purchases of these EVERFI solutions and thereby negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents, our Stockholder Rights Agreement (as described below, the "Rights Agreement") and Delaware law may delay or prevent an acquisition of our Company. 
 Provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and our Rights Agreement may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company or deterring tender offers for our common stock that other stockholders may consider in their best interests. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by the board of directors without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock. Stockholder approval is not necessary to issue preferred stock in this manner. Issuance of these shares of preferred stock could have the effect of making it more difficult and more expensive for a person or group to acquire control of us and could effectively be used as an anti-takeover device. Currently there are no shares of our preferred stock issued or outstanding. Our bylaws provide for an advance notice procedure for stockholders to nominate director candidates for election or to bring business before an annual meeting of stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors, and limit the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders. 
 On October 7, 2022, we declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase right (a Right for each of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Each Right entitles the registered holder, subject to the terms of the Rights Agreement, to purchase from us one one-thousandth of a share of our Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Preferred Stock at a price of 313.00, subject to certain adjustments (as adjusted from time to time, the Exercise Price ). Under the Rights Agreement, the Rights will become exercisable if an entity, person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 20 or more of our outstanding common stock in a transaction not approved by our Board of Directors. In the event that the Rights become exercisable due to the ownership threshold being crossed, each Right will entitle its holder (other than the person, entity or group triggering the Rights Plan, whose rights will become void and will not be exercisable) to purchase additional shares of common stock having a then-current market value of twice the Exercise Price. Subject to the terms of the Rights Agreement, the Rights will expire on October 2, 2023. Additional information regarding the Rights Agreement is contained in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022. 
 The anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law and provisions in our organizational documents and the Rights Agreement may prevent our stockholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities and global tax developments may impact our financial results. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various other jurisdictions. Significant judgment is often required in the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes. Our effective tax rate could be impacted by changes in our earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in operations, changes in non-deductible expenses, changes in excess tax benefits of stock-based compensation, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them, the applicability of withholding taxes, effects from acquisitions, and changes in accounting principles and tax laws. Any changes, ambiguity or uncertainty in taxing jurisdictions administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions could also materially impact our income tax liabilities. 
 We may also be subject to additional tax liabilities and penalties due to changes in non-income based taxes resulting from changes in federal, state, local or international tax laws, changes in taxing jurisdictions administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions, results of tax examinations, settlements or judicial decisions, changes in accounting principles, or changes to our business operations, including as a result of acquisitions. Any resulting increase in our tax obligation or cash taxes paid could adversely affect our cash flows and financial results. 
 We are also subject to tax examinations or engaged in alternative resolutions in multiple jurisdictions. While we regularly evaluate new information that may change our judgment resulting in recognition, derecognition or changes in measurement of a tax position taken, there can be no assurance that the final determination of any examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results or financial position. 
 As our business continues to grow, increasing our brand recognition and profitability, we may be subject to increased scrutiny and corresponding tax disputes, which may impact our cash flows and financial results. Furthermore, our growing prominence may bring public attention to our tax profile, and if perceived negatively, may cause brand or reputational harm. 
 As we utilize our tax credits and net operating loss carryforwards, we may be unable to mitigate our tax obligations to the same extent as in prior years, which could have a material impact to our future cash flows. In addition, changes to our operating structure, including changes related to acquisitions, may result in cash tax obligations. 
 Global tax developments applicable to multinational businesses may have a material impact to our business, cash flow from operating activities, or financial results. Such developments, for example, may include certain United States proposals as well as the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s, the European Commission s and certain major jurisdictions heightened interest in and taxation of companies participating in the digital economy. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We own our LEED Gold certified global headquarters facility in Charleston, South Carolina, which consists of approximately 172,000 square feet. We believe that it is in good operating condition and adequately serves our current business operations. 
 In December 2021, we acquired EVERFI and assumed a lease for office space in Washington, D.C. and an office in London, U.K. In February 2023, we closed our Washington, DC office location to align with our remote-first workforce strategy. We are pursuing strategic alternatives for the Washington, DC office space, including sublease, and we have the intent and ability to sublease this office space. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For a discussion of our legal proceedings, see Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in this report. 
 28 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

PART II. 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq under the symbol BLKB. As of February 17, 2023, there were approximately 138 stockholders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, this number is not representative of the total number of beneficial owners of our stock. On February 17, 2023, the closing price of our common stock was 58.61. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or filed or incorporated by reference in future filings with the SEC, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The performance graph compares the performance of our common stock to the Nasdaq Composite Index, the Nasdaq Computer Index and the Nasdaq Computer and Data Processing Index. The Nasdaq Computer Index has replaced the the Nasdaq Computer and Data Processing Index in this analysis as the Nasdaq Computer and Data Processing Index is no longer considered widely recognized and used. The graph covers the most recent five-year period ended December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock and each index was 100.00 at December 31, 2017, and that all dividends are reinvested. 
 
 December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Blackbaud, Inc. 100.00 66.92 85.19 61.71 84.67 63.10 Nasdaq Composite Index 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 Nasdaq Computer Index 100.00 96.27 142.73 224.55 285.17 185.29 Nasdaq Computer Data Processing Index 100.00 91.84 125.86 184.56 234.05 144.30 
 30 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information about shares of common stock acquired or repurchased during the three months ended December 31, 2022 under the stock repurchase program then in effect, as well as common stock withheld by us to satisfy the minimum tax obligations of employees due upon vesting of restricted stock awards and units. 
 Period Total 
 number 
 of shares 
 purchased (1) 
 Average price paid per share Total number 
 of shares 
 purchased as 
 part of 
 publicly 
 announced 
 plans or 
 programs (2) 
 Approximate 
 dollar value 
 of shares 
 that may yet 
 be purchased 
 under the 
 plans or programs 
 (in thousands) (2) 
 Beginning balance, October 1, 2022 250,000 October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 250,000 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 5,486 58.22 250,000 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 250,000 Total 5,486 58.22 250,000 
 (1) Includes 5,486 shares in November withheld by us to satisfy the minimum tax obligations of employees due upon vesting of restricted stock awards and units. The level of this acquisition activity varies from period to period based upon the timing of award grants and vesting. 
 (2) In December 2021, our Board of Directors reauthorized and replenished our stock repurchase program to authorize us to purchase up to 250.0 million of our outstanding shares of common stock. The program does not have an expiration date. 
 Dividends 
 As a part of a series of measures to better enable us to weather the extraordinary business challenges occasioned by COVID-19 and further effect our long-term strategy to deliver the greatest value to our stockholders, we announced on April 6, 2020 that our Board of Directors had rescinded its previously announced policy to pay an annual dividend at a rate of 0.48 per share of common stock and discontinued the declaration and payment of all cash dividends beginning with the second quarter of 2020 and thereafter until such time, if any, as the Board of Directors may determine in its sole discretion. As a result, we paid a first quarter dividend of 0.12 per share in 2020 resulting in aggregate dividend payments to stockholders of 6.0 million, but no further dividends were declared or paid in 2020, 2021 or 2022. We currently do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with Item 1A Risk factors and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion and analysis presents financial information denominated in millions of dollars which can lead to differences from rounding when compared to similar information contained in the consolidated financial statements and related notes, which are primarily denominated in thousands of dollars. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 We are the world s leading cloud software company powering social good. Serving the entire social good community nonprofits, higher education institutions, K 12 schools, healthcare organizations, faith communities, arts and cultural organizations, foundations, companies and individual change agents we connect and empower organizations and individuals to increase their impact through cloud software, services, expertise and data intelligence. Our portfolio is tailored to the unique needs of vertical markets, with solutions for fundraising and CRM, marketing, advocacy, peer-to-peer fundraising, corporate social responsibility (CSR) and environmental, social and governance (ESG), school management, ticketing, grantmaking, financial management, payment processing and analytics. Serving the industry for more than four decades, we are a remote-first company headquartered in Charleston, South Carolina, with operations in the United States, Australia, Canada, Costa Rica and the United Kingdom. During 2022, we had more than 40,000 customers with contractual billing arrangements and nearly 100,000 customers that paid us through transactional fees. Through our customers and our solutions, we support millions of users and we connect millions of supporters to nearly 150,000 organizations and causes in over 100 countries. 
 Our revenue is primarily generated from the following sources: (i) charging for the use of our software solutions in cloud and hosted environments; (ii) providing payment and transaction services; (iii) providing software maintenance and support services; and (iv) providing professional services, including implementation, consulting, training, analytic and other services. 
 Four-Point Strategy 
 1 Expand Total Addressable Market 2 Lead with World Class Teams and Operations 3 Delight Customers with Innovative Cloud Solutions 4 Focus on Employees, Culture and ESG Initiatives 
 1. Expand TAM 
 In December 2021, we doubled our TAM when we acquired EVERFI, an industry leader in global social impact technology. Adding EVERFI advances our position as a leader in the rapidly evolving ESG and CSR spaces and offers cross-selling and upselling opportunities through complementary product offerings with YourCause solutions. Our TAM now stands at over 20 billion, and we remain active in the evaluation of opportunities to further expand our addressable market through acquisitions and internal product development. 
 32 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 2. Lead with World Class Teams and Operations 
 This strategy expands upon our previous strategies to drive sales effectiveness and improve operating efficiency to include improving overall company performance as measured by the Rule of 40 (see discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures below). During 2022, we announced a series of strategic organizational updates to streamline our business operations and become even more customer centric. We created three new roles: Chief Operating Officer, Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporations. We believe these new roles will: ensure consistency in our approach to the customer experience; further streamline and simplify our go-to-market efforts to maximize our outcomes as a global company; and further align our YourCause and EVERFI offerings and continue our investment in being the partner of choice for corporations focused on social responsibility and impact. Additionally, we took steps to better align our workforce with our strategic priorities, including further elimination of open positions as well as the difficult decision to reduce our workforce (see additional discussion regarding our workforce reduction below). We also appointed three new members to our board of directors, providing not only new business perspectives but also adding important skills in cybersecurity, enterprise software, digital transformation and global operations. 
 3. Delight Customers with Innovative Cloud Solutions 
 During our annual user conference, bbcon, we shared how our purpose-built solutions bring together the capabilities essential to our customers in managing their data, making their teams more productive, motivating their audiences to act, and ultimately driving outcomes. During the third quarter, we acquired Kilter, an intuitive, gamified, activity-based engagement app. We will initially pair Kilter with our Blackbaud TeamRaiser solution to serve nonprofits by expanding the ways they can engage with their supporters to prepare for their existing fundraising walks, runs and rides, and to create new types of engagement opportunities that are not tied to a specific date or place. Kilter will also provide a unique solution with YourCause CSRConnect platform for companies as employers take a more active role in supporting their employees health and wellness pursuits across their remote and distributed workforces. 
 4. Focus on Employees, Culture and ESG Initiatives 
 During 2022, we announced that we achieved carbon neutrality for 2021. This is a goal we have been striving towards and our shift to a remote-first workforce enabled us to accelerate our timeline. Since 2019, Blackbaud has reduced its global real estate footprint by 50 , energy emissions to run office space by 63 and employee commute emissions by 75 . With a multi-pronged climate strategy, Blackbaud is focused on reducing emissions, using energy efficiently and investing in environmental projects for a more sustainable future. We shared more about our ESG strategy on our Corporate Social Responsibility website during the second quarter. Our mission driven culture has been in our DNA since inception and is very attractive in a competitive labor market. We continue to foster a diverse and inclusive environment focused on employee engagement and connectedness with our remote-first workforce strategy. We have a significant role to play in driving advances in the social impact space, and we are proud of the strong corporate culture we have built and continue to cultivate in today's environment. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Financial Summary 
 Total Revenue M) Income from Operations M) YoY Growth ) YoY Growth ) 
 
 Total revenue increased by 130.4 million during 2022, driven largely by the following: 
 + Growth in recurring revenue primarily related to: 
 an increase in contractual revenue of 107.7 million related to the performance of our cloud solutions, of which 96.2 million was attributable to EVERFI; partially offset by a decrease in maintenance revenue as customers migrate to our cloud solutions and a decrease related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates of 3.4 million. 
 an increase in transactional recurring revenue of 23.2 million primarily due to an increase in enrollment for our Blackbaud Tuition Management solution resulting in higher transactional volumes, an increase in online charitable giving; and new pricing initiatives. The increase in transactional recurring revenue was partially offset by a decrease related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates of 7.5 million. 
 - Decrease in one-time services and other revenue primarily related to: 
 decrease in one-time analytics revenue as analytics now are generally integrated in our cloud solutions; and 
 increase in one-time consulting revenue primarily attributable to EVERFI, largely offset by less revenue from implementation and customization services, in line with our multi-year strategic shift from a license-based and one-time services business model to a cloud subscription business model. Our cloud subscription offerings generally require less implementation and customization services. 
 
 For additional information on the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our financial results, see Foreign Currency Exchange Rates below on page 58 . 
 While our 2022 bookings for EVERFI were lower than expected, and we experienced some unexpected EVERFI employee attrition following the acquisition, we have taken action to bolster management and fill account executive vacancies, which are now fully staffed and ramping to drive future bookings. We have a number of multi-year pricing initiatives underway, some to bring our pricing in line with the market while others are model changes that are expected to drive greater revenue for both us and our customers. As a result, we expect to see an acceleration in growth in the second half of 2023 when compared to the first half of the year as we begin to see the full-year effect of some of these pricing initiatives. 
 We also expect that the one-time services and other revenue will continue to significantly decrease during 2023 compared to 2022 driven by our continued migration to the cloud in our core business as well as our opportunity to shift EVERFI one-time revenue to a recurring model. 
 34 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Income from operations decreased by 53.4 million during 2022, driven largely by the following: 
 - Increase in compensation costs other than stock-based compensation of 75.7 million primarily due to increased employee headcount due to our acquisition of EVERFI 
 - Increase in Security Incident-related expenses, net of insurance, of 53.9 million. See "Security Incident update" below on page 37 . 
 - Increases in third-party contractor and hosting costs of 26.9 million and 6.6 million, respectively, primarily attributable to our acquisition of EVERFI and, to a lesser extent, our continued migration of our cloud infrastructure to leading public cloud service providers and investments in cybersecurity 
 - Increase in amortization of intangible assets from business combinations of 14.4 million due to our acquisition of EVERFI 
 - Increase in transaction-based costs of 12.0 million related to the increase in the volume of transactions for which we process payments 
 - Increase in infrastructure costs of 8.4 million primarily related to our acquisition of EVERFI and investments in security tools 
 - Increase in marketing costs of 7.7 million primarily due to our acquisition of EVERFI 
 - Increase in travel costs of 4.5 million due to our easing of restrictions on non-essential employee travel, which went into effect during March 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic 
 - Increase in other direct costs of revenue of 4.3 million primarily due to our acquisition of EVERFI 
 - Increase in employee severance of 3.7 million due to our targeted workforce reduction during the fourth quarter of 2022, as discussed below 
 - Increase in acquisition and disposition-related costs of 3.1 million primarily related to aggregate noncash impairment charges of 1.3 million against certain operating lease right-of-use assets and property and equipment assets resulting from our decision to cease using a portion of EVERFI's leased office space. We also recorded a 2.0 million noncash impairment of certain insignificant intangible assets that were held for sale. 
 - Increase in cost of revenue from a 2.3 million impairment charge during the three months ended June 30, 2022, against previously capitalized software development costs that reduced the carrying value of those assets to zero. The impairment charge resulted primarily from our decision to end customer support for certain solutions 
 + Increase in total revenue, as described above 
 + Net increase of 12.9 million related to an increase in software and content development costs that were required to be capitalized under the internal-use software guidance, largely driven by our acquisition of EVERFI, partially offset by an increase in amortization of capitalized software and content development costs 
 + Decrease in real estate activity costs of 12.0 million due to our workforce strategy changes that began in the third quarter of 2020 
 + Decrease in stock-based compensation expense of 10.1 million attributable to: 
 As a one-time response to COVID-19, replacement of our 2020 base salary merit increases with one-year time-based equity awards, which vested and were recognized as expense between May 1, 2020 and May 1, 2021; 
 Over performance against overall Company goals was higher in 2021 than 2022 goals; and 
 Our targeted workforce reduction during the fourth quarter of 2022, as discussed below 
 + Decrease in corporate costs of 2.5 million primarily related to a decrease in bad debt expense 
 
 We are continuing to make critical investments in the business in areas such as digital marketing, engineering, security, customer success and our continued shift of cloud infrastructure to leading public cloud service providers. Our profitability during 2022 reflects the addition of EVERFI and some of these incremental investments. 
 We have taken steps to better align our workforce with our strategic priorities to drive efficiencies and minimize any potential impacts from the current uncertain macroeconomic environment. During the fourth quarter of 2022, this included further elimination of open positions as well as the decision to reduce our workforce. As a result of the targeted workforce reduction, we incurred 4.5 million in pre-tax employee severance costs during the fourth quarter of 2022. During the first quarter of 2023, we have remained focused on improving operating performance and driving efficiencies in the Company, including further reducing our workforce. Following the planned action during the fourth quarter of 2022, we experienced a slowdown in voluntary attrition relative to expectations leading to a further reduction in force to achieve our original plan. While we 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 have eliminated positions in some areas, we will continue to hire in other areas. Most of these reductions are in areas of the business that are not customer facing or in sales. When combined with the cost actions we took in the fourth quarter of 2022, we expect our total headcount will be reduced by approximately 14 since the third quarter 2022. We expect these workforce reductions and other cost actions to significantly reduce our pre-tax costs in 2023, partially offset by continued investments in cybersecurity and innovation. 
 In 2023, we expect our financial performance to improve with each successive quarter, starting with meaningful improvement in the second quarter as our pricing and cost initiatives take hold. 
 We continuously seek opportunities to optimize our portfolio of solutions to focus time and resources on innovation that will have the greatest impact for our customers and the markets we serve, and drive the highest return on investment. To that end, we will continue to simplify and rationalize our portfolio through product sunsets and divestitures of non-core businesses and technologies. 
 
 Customer retention Gross dollar retention 
 
 Our recurring revenue contracts are generally for a term of three years at contract inception with one to three-year renewals thereafter. We anticipate a continued decrease in maintenance contract renewals as we transition our solution portfolio and maintenance customers from a perpetual license-based model to a cloud subscription delivery model. In the long term, we also anticipate an increase in recurring subscription contract renewals as we continue focusing on innovation, quality and the integration of our cloud solutions, which we believe will provide value-adding capabilities to better address our customers' needs. Due primarily to these factors, we have historically used a recurring revenue customer retention measure that combines recurring subscription, maintenance and service customer contracts, as we believed it provided a better representation of our customers' overall behavior. During 2022 and 2021, approximately 91 and 93 , respectively, of our customers with recurring revenue contracts were retained. This customer retention rate reflects our efforts to rationalize our portfolio of solutions through product sunsets and divestitures, and migrate customers from legacy solutions towards our next generation cloud solutions. 
 A key factor to our overall success is the renewal and expansion of our existing subscription agreements with our customers. Management now uses gross dollar retention in analyzing our success at delighting our customers with innovative and cloud solutions. Gross dollar retention is defined as contracted annual recurring revenue ("CARR") divided by beginning CARR with a measurement period of twelve months. During 2022, our gross dollar retention was approximately 91 . This gross dollar retention rate is relatively unchanged from our rate for the full year ended December 31, 2021. We are continually investing in innovation, which we believe will increase gross dollar retention over the long-term. 
 
 Balance sheet and cash flow 
 At December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents were 31.7 million and the carrying amount of our debt under the 2020 Credit Facility was 799.1 million. Our net leverage ratio was 3.22 to 1.00. 
 During 2022, we generated 203.9 million in cash flow from operations and had a net decrease in borrowings of 99.7 million, had aggregate cash outlays of 71.1 million for purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software and content development costs, spent 20.9 million for our purchases of EVERFI and Kilter and received cash proceeds of 6.4 million from our sale of certain solutions. See Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements in this report for additional information. 
 36 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Security Incident update 
 As discussed in Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report, total costs related to the Security Incident have exceeded the limit of our insurance coverage. Accordingly, we expect that the Security Incident will continue to negatively impact our GAAP profitability and GAAP cash flow for the foreseeable future (see discussion regarding non-GAAP adjusted free cash flow on page 47 ). For full year 2022, we incurred net pre-tax expense of 32.7 million and had net cash outlays of 20.9 million for ongoing legal fees related to the Security Incident. In line with our policy, legal fees are expensed as incurred. Fo r full year 2023, we currently expect net pre-tax expense of approximately 20 million to 30 million and net cash outlays of approximately 25 million to 35 million for ongoing legal fees related to the Security Incident. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have recorded approximately 23.0 million in aggregate liabilities for loss contingencies based primarily on recent negotiations with certain governmental agencies related to the Security Incident that we believe we can reasonably estimate. It is reasonably possible that our estimated or actual losses may change in the near term for those matters and be materially in excess of the amounts accrued, but we are unable at this time to reasonably estimate the possible additional loss. 
 There are other Security Incident-related matters, including customer claims, customer constituent class actions and governmental investigations, for which we have not recorded a liability for a loss contingency as of December 31, 2022 because we are unable at this time to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss. Each of these matters could, separately or in the aggregate, result in an adverse judgement, settlement, fine, penalty or other resolution, the amount, scope and timing of which we are currently unable to predict, but could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Reportable segment 
 We report our operating results and financial information in one operating and reportable segment. See Note 16 of our consolidated financial statements in this report for additional information. 
 Comparison of 2022 vs. 2021 and 2021 vs. 2020 
 Acquisitions 
 During 2022 and 2021, we acquired companies that provided us with strategic opportunities to expand our TAM and share of the philanthropic giving market through the integration of complementary solutions and services to serve the changing needs of our customers. The following are the companies we acquired and their respective acquisition dates: 
 Kilter, Inc. ("Kilter") on August 19, 2022 
 EVERFI, Inc. on December 31, 2021 
 We have included the results of operations of acquired companies in our consolidated results of operations from the date of their respective acquisitions. In accordance with applicable accounting rules, we determined that the Kilter and EVERFI acquisitions were not material to our consolidated financial statements; therefore, revenue and earnings since the acquisition date and pro forma information are not required or presented. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements in this report for a summary of these acquisitions. 
 2021 vs. 2020 Stock-based Compensation 
 Stock-based compensation expense increased 31.1 million in 2021 due to: 
 Certain changes to our compensation program that were expected to cause stock-based compensation expense to remain higher than historical levels, including: 
 replacement of our annual cash bonus plans with a short-term performance-based equity award plan 
 decrease in the vesting period for our annual long-term incentive time-based equity awards from 4 years (1/4 per year) to 3 years (1/3 per year), beginning in February 2021; and 
 replacement of cash sign-on and retention bonuses with time-based equity awards. 
 Increases in the grant date fair values of our annual equity awards granted to employees; and 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Overall Company performance against 2020 and 2021 goals 
 
 Revenue and Cost of Revenue 
 Recurring Revenue M) Cost of revenue M) Gross profit M) and gross margin ) YoY Growth ) YoY Growth ) 
 
 Recurring revenue is comprised of fees for the use of our subscription-based software solutions, which includes providing access to cloud solutions, hosting services, payment services, online training programs and subscription-based analytic services. Recurring revenue also includes fees from maintenance services for our on-premises solutions, services included in our renewable subscription contracts, retained and managed services contracts that we expect to have a term consistent with our cloud solution contracts, and variable transaction revenue associated with the use of our solutions. 
 Cost of recurring revenue is primarily comprised of compensation costs for customer support and production IT personnel, hosting and data center costs, third-party contractor expenses, third-party royalty and data expenses, allocated depreciation, facilities and IT support costs, amortization of intangible assets from business combinations, amortization of software and content development costs, transaction-based costs related to payments services including remittances of amounts due to third-parties and other costs incurred in providing support and recurring services to our customers. 
 Our customers continue to prefer cloud subscription offerings with integrated analytics, training and payment services. Recurring subscription contracts are typically for a term of three years at contract inception with one to three-year renewals thereafter. We intend to continue focusing on innovation, quality and integration of our cloud solutions, which we believe will drive future revenue growth. 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 
 Recurring revenue increased by 130.9 million, or 14.9 , driven primarily by the following: 
 + Increase in contractual recurring revenue of 107.7 million related to the performance of our cloud solutions, of which 96.2 million was attributable to EVERFI; partially offset by a decrease in maintenance revenue as customers migrate to our cloud solutions; also included in the increase in contractual recurring revenue is a decrease related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates of 3.4 million 
 + Increase in transactional recurring revenue of 23.2 million primarily due to: 
 an increase in enrollment for our Blackbaud Tuition Management solution resulting in higher transactional volumes; 
 an increase in online charitable giving; and 
 new pricing initiatives. 
 The increase in transactional recurring revenue was partially offset by a decrease related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates of 7.5 million 
 
 38 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 For additional information on the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our financial results, see Foreign Currency Exchange Rates below on page 58 . 
 Cost of recurring revenue increased by 72.6 million, or 18.6 , driven primarily by the following: 
 + Increase in compensation costs of 19.5 million primarily related to an increase in headcount due to our acquisition of EVERFI, and a continued shift in resources historically supporting one-time services and other towards recurring revenue 
 + Increase in amortization of intangible assets from business combinations of 14.0 million due to our acquisition of EVERFI 
 + Increase in transaction-based costs of 12.0 million related to the increase in the volume of transactions for which we process payments 
 + Increase in third-party contractor and hosting costs of 11.1 million as we continue to migrate our cloud infrastructure to leading public cloud service providers and make investments in security; currently, we expect our cloud infrastructure migration efforts and increased level of cybersecurity investments to continue for the foreseeable future. Also contributing to the increase was our acquisition of EVERFI. 
 + Increase in amortization of software and content development costs of 5.8 million due to our continued investments in the innovation and security of our solutions 
 + Increase in third-party software costs of 3.9 million primarily related to a higher number of licenses needed and also price increases 
 + Increase in allocated overhead costs of 3.7 million related to the increased headcount discussed above 
 + Increase in depreciation expense of 1.5 million primarily related to investments in our cloud data centers and refresh of certain internal hardware 
 
 Recurring gross margin decreased by 1.4 primarily due to the increase in cost of recurring revenue outpacing the increase in recurring revenue. 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 
 Recurring revenue increased by 30.1 million, or 3.5 , driven primarily by the following: 
 + Increase in transactional revenue of 20.0 million primarily due to the continued shift toward virtual fundraising and online charitable giving; also included in the increase in transactional revenue is an increase related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates of 4.7 million 
 + Increase in contractual recurring revenue of 10.1 million related to the performance of our cloud solutions and early progress in initiatives to bring our pricing in line with the market, partially offset by a decrease in maintenance revenue as customers migrate to our cloud solutions; also included in the increase in contractual recurring revenue is an increase related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates of 3.9 million 
 
 Cost of recurring revenue increased by 21.1 million, or 5.7 , driven primarily by the following: 
 + Increase in compensation costs of 10.3 million primarily related to the stock-based compensation due to the factors discussed above on page 37 and a shift in resources historically supporting one-time services and other towards recurring revenue 
 + Increase in transaction-based costs of 9.6 million related to payment services integrated in our cloud solutions + Increase in third-party contractor and hosting costs of 7.8 million as we continue to migrate our cloud infrastructure to leading public cloud service providers and make investments in security - Decrease in amortization of intangible assets from business combinations of 3.7 million - Decrease in rent expense of 1.3 million largely due to a decrease in leased hardware, including servers, network gear and storage - Decrease in amortization of software development costs of 0.8 million 
 Recurring gross margin decreased by 0.9 primarily due to the increase in cost of recurring revenue outpacing the increase in recurring revenue. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 One-time services and other Revenue M) Cost of revenue M) Gross profit M) and gross margin ) YoY Growth ) YoY Growth ) 
 
 One-time services and other revenue is comprised of fees for one-time consulting, analytic and onsite training services, and fees for retained and managed services contracts that we do not expect to have a term consistent with our cloud solution contracts. 
 Cost of one-time services and other is primarily comprised of compensation costs for professional services and onsite training personnel, other costs incurred in providing onsite customer training, third-party contractor expenses, data expense incurred to perform one-time analytic services, amortization of intangible assets from business combinations, and allocated depreciation, facilities and IT support costs. 
 We expect that the one-time services and other revenue will continue to significantly decrease during 2023 compared to 2022 driven by our continued migration to the cloud in our core business as well as our opportunity to shift EVERFI one-time revenue to a recurring model. 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 
 One-time services and other revenue decreased by 0.5 million, or 1.1 , driven primarily by the following: 
 - Decrease in one-time analytics revenue of 3.1 million as analytics are generally integrated in our cloud solutions 
 + Increase in one-time consulting revenue of 2.8 million, of which 12.3 million was attributable to EVERFI, partially offset by a decrease in revenue from implementation and customization services, in line with our multi-year strategic shift from a license-based and one-time services business model to a cloud subscription business model. Our cloud subscription offerings generally require less implementation and customization services. 
 
 Cost of one-time services and other decreased 10.5 million or 19.9 , primarily driven by the following: 
 - Decrease in compensation costs of 8.8 million largely due to a continued shift in resources historically supporting one-time services and other towards recurring revenue as well as a decrease in professional services headcount 
 - Decrease in allocated overhead costs of 1.9 million primarily related to the decreased headcount discussed above 
 - Decrease in third-party contractor costs of 1.1 million primarily due to a decrease in partners delivering services 
 + Increase in employee severance of 1.6 million primarily due to our targeted workforce reduction, as discussed above 
 
 One-time services and other gross margin increased by 21.3 , primarily due to the significant reductions in compensation costs discussed above. 
 40 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 2021 vs. 2020 
 
 One-time services and other revenue decreased by 15.6 million, or 24.9 , driven primarily by the following: 
 - Decrease in one-time consulting revenue of 10.5 million due primarily to less implementation and customization services, in line with our multi-year strategic shift from a license-based and one-time services business model to a cloud subscription business model. Our cloud subscription offerings generally require less implementation and customization services. 
 - Decrease in one-time analytics revenue of 4.2 million as analytics are generally integrated in our cloud solutions 
 - Decrease in onsite training revenue of 0.7 million due to COVID-19 
 
 Cost of one-time services and other decreased 6.0 million or 10.3 , primarily driven by the following: 
 - Decrease in allocated costs of 2.0 million primarily related to a decrease in rent expense, as discussed below in General and Administrative 
 - Decrease in third-party contractor costs of 1.5 million, primarily due to a decrease in partners delivering services 
 - Decrease in compensation costs other than stock-based compensation of 1.1 million largely due to a decrease in headcount, as well as a shift in resources historically supporting one-time services and other towards recurring revenue 
 - Decreases in amortization intangible assets from business combinations and employee severance 
 One-time services and other gross margin decreased by 18.3 , primarily due to the significant reductions in one-time consulting and analytics revenue discussed. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales, marketing and customer success M) Research and development M) General and administrative M) Percentages indicate expenses as a percentage of total revenue 
 
 Sales, marketing and customer success 
 Sales, marketing and customer success expense includes compensation costs, variable sales commissions, travel-related expenses, advertising and marketing materials, public relations costs, variable reseller commissions and allocated depreciation, facilities and IT support costs. 
 We see a large market opportunity in the long-term and will continue to make investments to drive sales effectiveness. We have also implemented software tools to enhance our digital footprint and drive lead generation. The enhancements we are making in our go-to-market approach are expected to reduce our average customer acquisition cost as well as the related payback period while increasing sales velocity. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 2022 vs. 2021 
 
 Sales, marketing and customer success expenses increased by 35.1 million, or 18.9 . The increases in dollars and as a percentage of total revenue were primarily driven by the following: 
 + Increase in compensation costs of 20.0 million primarily related to increased employee headcount due to our acquisition of EVERFI 
 + Increase in advertising costs of 7.7 million primarily due to our acquisition of EVERFI 
 + Increase in third-party contractor costs of 4.0 million primarily related to strategic consulting 
 + Increase in travel costs of 2.1 million due to our easing of restrictions on non-essential employee travel in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which went into effect during March 2020 
 + Increase in software costs of 1.7 million primarily related to our acquisition of EVERFI and our use of digital marketing tools 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented a modest and targeted headcount reduction during the second quarter of 2020, including a reduction in our sales headcount with a focus on retaining our most highly productive sales executives. 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 
 Sales, marketing and customer success expenses decreased by 23.4 million, or 11.2 . The decreases in dollars and as a percentage of total revenue were primarily driven by the following: 
 - Decrease in compensation costs other than stock-based compensation of 20.7 million primarily due to the targeted reduction in sales headcount during the second quarter of 2020 
 - Decrease in allocated costs of 7.0 million primarily related to a decrease in rent expense and the impact of the targeted reduction in sales headcount during the second quarter of 2020 
 - Decrease in travel costs of 1.9 million due to our restriction on non-essential employee travel in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which went into effect during March 2020 
 - Decrease in commissions expense of 1.9 million related to a decrease in overall commissionable bookings during 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and a decrease in commissionable one-time services and other bookings during 2021 
 + Increase in stock-based compensation costs of 4.8 million due to the factors discussed on page 37 
 + Increase in advertising costs of 3.5 million primarily due to incremental spending on advertising campaigns and investments in digital marketing 
 
 Research and development 
 Research and development expense includes compensation costs for engineering and product management personnel, third-party contractor expenses, software development tools and other expenses related to developing new solutions or upgrading and enhancing existing solutions that do not qualify for capitalization, and allocated depreciation, facilities and IT support costs. 
 42 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 2022 vs. 2021 
 
 We continue to make investments to delight our customers with innovative cloud solutions. We also continue to invest heavily in the security of our solutions. Research and development expense increased by 32.3 million, or 26.0 . The increases in dollars and as a percentage of total revenue were primarily driven by the following: 
 + Increase in compensation costs of 26.1 million primarily related to increased employee headcount due to our increased hiring of engineers, and to a lesser extent, our acquisition of EVERFI 
 + Increase in third-party contractor costs of 19.8 million primarily due to an increase in our use of third-party software developers and, to a lesser extent, our acquisition of EVERFI 
 + Increase in allocated overhead costs of 2.7 million primarily related to increased headcount discussed above 
 - Increase in software and content development costs of 19.0 million that were required to be capitalized under the internal-use software guidance, largely driven by our acquisition of EVERFI 
 
 Not included in research and development expense for 2022 and 2021 were 58.5 million and 39.4 million, respectively, of qualifying costs associated with development activities that are required to be capitalized under the internal-use software accounting guidance such as those for our cloud solutions, as well as development costs associated with acquired companies. Qualifying capitalized software and content development costs associated with our cloud solutions and online educational courses are subsequently amortized to cost of recurring revenue over the related asset's estimated useful life, which generally range from three to seven years. We expect that the amount of software and content development costs capitalized will be relatively consistent in the near-term as we continue making investments in innovation, quality, security and the integration of our solutions, which we believe will drive long-term revenue growth. 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 
 Research and development expense increased by 24.4 million, or 24.4 . The increases in dollars and as a percentage of total revenue were primarily driven by the following: 
 + Increase in compensation costs of 18.9 million primarily related to our increased engineering hiring and, to a lesser extent, stock-based compensation due to the factors discussed above on page 37 
 + Increase in third-party contractor costs of 3.5 million as we continue to migrate our cloud infrastructure to leading public cloud service providers and make investments in security 
 + Decrease in software development costs of 2.1 million that were required to be capitalized under the internal-use software guidance 
 
 Not included in research and development expense for 2021 and 2020 were 39.4 million and 41.5 million, respectively, of qualifying costs associated with development activities that are required to be capitalized under the internal-use software accounting guidance such as those for our cloud solutions, as well as development costs associated with acquired companies. Qualifying capitalized software development costs associated with our cloud solutions are subsequently amortized to cost of subscriptions revenue over the related asset's estimated useful life, which generally range from three to seven years. 
 General and administrative 
 General and administrative expense consists primarily of compensation costs for general corporate functions, including senior management, finance, accounting, legal, human resources and corporate development, third-party professional fees, insurance, allocated depreciation, facilities and IT support costs, acquisition-related expenses and other administrative expenses. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 2022 vs. 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 53.6 million, or 36.7 . The increases in dollars and as a percentage of total revenue were primarily driven by the following: 
 + Increases in Security Incident-related expenses, net of insurance, of 53.9 million. See "Security Incident update" above on page 37 
 + Increase in compensation costs of 8.9 million primarily related to increased employee headcount due to our acquisition of EVERFI and increased cybersecurity hiring 
 + Increase in acquisition and disposition-related costs of 3.1 million primarily related to aggregate noncash impairment charges of 1.3 million against certain operating lease right-of-use assets and property and equipment assets resulting from our decision to cease using a portion of EVERFI's leased office space. We also recorded a 2.0 million noncash impairment of certain insignificant intangible assets that were held for sale. 
 + A 2.3 million noncash impairment charge during the three months ended June 30, 2022 against previously capitalized software development costs that reduced the carrying value of those assets to zero. The impairment charge resulted primarily from our decision to end customer support for certain solutions 
 + Increase in rent expense of 2.0 million primarily related to leases assumed from our acquisition of EVERFI 
 + Increase in travel costs of 1.3 million due to our easing of restrictions on non-essential employee travel in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which went into effect during March 2020 
 + Increase in third-party contractor costs of 1.2 million 
 - Decrease in corporate costs of 2.8 million primarily related to a decrease in bad debt expense 
 - Increases in total costs allocated from general and administrative expense of 6.4 million primarily related to investments in security tools. Depreciation, facilities and IT support costs are pooled and recorded to general and administrative expense and allocated to other lines of our statements of comprehensive income based on headcount. 
 - Decreases in real estate activity costs of 11.8 million due to our workforce strategy changes that began in the third quarter of 2020 (see discussion below) 
 
 During the third quarter of 2020, we adjusted our workforce strategy to provide more flexibility for our employees to work remotely. As a result, during the three months ended September 30, 2020, we reduced the estimated useful lives of our operating lease right-of-use ("ROU") assets for certain of our office locations we expected to exit, which resulted in an increase in operating lease costs during the third and fourth quarters of 2020. For these same office locations, we also reduced the estimated useful lives of certain facilities-related fixed assets, which resulted in an increase in depreciation expense. We incurred approximately 23.1 million of pre-tax costs related to these real estate activities during the third and fourth quarters of 2020. 
 In October 2021, we made the decision to permanently close our fixed office locations (with the exception of our global headquarters facility in Charleston, South Carolina), effective in December 2021. This change was intended to align our real estate footprint with our transition to a remote-first workforce. As a result, during the three months ended December 31, 2021, we reduced the estimated useful lives of our operating lease ROU assets for certain of our office locations we expected to exit, which resulted in incremental operating lease costs during the fourth quarter of 2021. For these same office locations, we also reduced the estimated useful lives of certain facilities-related fixed assets, which resulted in incremental depreciation expense during the fourth quarter of 2021. During the three months ended December 31, 2021, we also recorded impairments of operating lease ROU assets and certain facilities-related fixed assets we ceased using as a result of our adjusted workforce strategy. These impairment charges were reflected in general and administrative expense. We incurred approximately 12.5 million of pre-tax costs related to these real estate activities during the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 44 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 2021 vs. 2020 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 11.4 million, or 8.5 . The increases in dollars and as a percentage of total revenue were primarily driven by the following: 
 + Increase in stock-based compensation costs of 13.2 million due to the factors discussed above on page 37 
 + Increase in compensation expense, excluding stock-based compensation costs, of 4.3 million due to base salary merit increases on July 2021, as well as an increase in headcount 
 + Increase in corporate costs of 3.9 million primarily related to increases in third-party consulting fees and insurance costs, partially offset by decreases in bad debt expense 
 + Increases in amortization expense of capitalized cloud computing implementation costs and third-party contractor costs of 1.0 million and 0.6 million, respectively - Decrease in real estate activity costs of 7.7 million due to our workforce strategy changes made in the third quarter of 2020 
 - Decrease in rent expense, net of allocated costs, of 2.4 million primarily related to the purchase of our global headquarters facility during the third quarter of 2020 and our exit of certain other office leases globally during the second half of 2020 in-line with changes to our workforce strategy at that time 
 - Decreases in depreciation expense and travel costs of 1.9 million and 0.9 million, respectively 

Interest Expense 
 Interest expense M) Percentages indicate expenses as a percentage of total revenue 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 
 Interest expense increased in dollars and as a percentage of total revenue during 2022 when compared to 2021, due to the new borrowings used to finance our acquisition of EVERFI. We currently expect interest expense for the full year 2023 to be approximately 40 million to 44 million although our interest expense in connection with the variable rate portion of our outstanding debt could increase in a rising interest rate environment. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements in this report for more information regarding our derivative instruments, which we use to manage our variable interest rate risk, and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk: Interest Rate Risk on page 63 for more information about our variable interest rate exposure and related risk. 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 
 Interest expense increased during 2021 when compared to 2020, primarily due to the Real Estate Loans assumed in connection with the purchase of our global headquarters facility in August 2020 and the deferred financing costs and debt discount associated with the 2020 Credit Facility, which was entered into in October 2020. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Deferred Revenue 
 The table below compares the components of deferred revenue from our consolidated balance sheets: 
 (dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Total deferred revenue (1) 
 385.2 378.7 1.7 Less: Long-term portion 2.8 4.2 (33.7) Current portion (1) 
 382.4 374.5 2.1 
 (1) The individual amounts for each year may not sum to total deferred revenue or current portion of deferred revenue due to rounding. 
 To the extent that our customers are billed for our solutions and services in advance of delivery, we record such amounts in deferred revenue. Our recurring revenue contracts are generally for a term of three years at contract inception with one to three-year renewals thereafter, billed annually in advance and non-cancelable. We generally invoice our customers with recurring revenue contracts in annual cycles 30 days prior to the end each one-year period. 
 The increase in deferred revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to primarily due to new subscription sales of our cloud solutions and, to a lesser extent, progress in initiatives to bring our pricing in line with the market. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax (benefit) provision M) 
 Percentages indicate effective income tax rates 
 
 Our effective income tax rate may fluctuate quarterly and annually as a result of factors, including changes in tax law in jurisdictions where we conduct business, transactions entered into, changes in the geographic distribution of our earnings or losses, and our assessment of certain tax contingencies and valuation allowances. 
 We have deferred tax assets for federal, state, and international net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards are subject to various Internal Revenue Code limitations and applicable state tax laws. A portion of the foreign and state net operating loss carryforwards and a portion of state tax credits have a valuation reserve due to the uncertainty of realizing such carryforwards and credits in the future. 
 We file income tax returns in the U.S. for federal and various state jurisdictions as well as in foreign jurisdictions including Canada, the U.K., Australia, Ireland and Costa Rica. We are generally subject to U.S. federal income tax examination for calendar tax years ending 2019 through 2022, as well as state and foreign income tax examinations for various years depending on statute of limitations of those jurisdictions. 
 We have taken federal and state tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits may decrease within the next twelve months. The possible decrease could result from the expiration of statutes of limitations. The reasonably possible decrease at December 31, 2022 was insignificant. 
 46 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 We recognize accrued interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 
 The decrease in our effective income tax rate for year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the same period in 2021, was primarily attributable to current-year non-deductible accruals for loss contingencies related to the Security Incident, stock-based compensation shortfall partially offset by increased tax credits and impact of tax rate decreases. The 2021 effective income tax rate was positively impacted by benefit attributable to stock-based compensation windfall net of tax expense resulting from impact of UK corporate rate increase. 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 
 The decrease in our effective income tax rate in 2021 when compared to 2020, was primarily due to prior year increase in valuation allowance attributable to state tax credit carryforwards for which we do not expect to realize benefit. Furthermore, our 2021 effective income tax rate was positively impacted by increased benefit attributable to stock-based compensation deduction and a reduction to unrecognized tax benefit as a result of IRS audit settlement and statute of limitation lapses offset against negative impacts of the U.K.-enacted tax rate increase and increase in non-deductible compensation. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The operating results analyzed below are presented on a non-GAAP basis. We use non-GAAP financial measures internally in analyzing our operational performance. Accordingly, we believe these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors, as a supplement to GAAP measures, in evaluating our ongoing operational performance. While we believe these non-GAAP measures provide useful supplemental information, non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures may not be completely comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in the exact method of calculation between companies. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures discussed below exclude the impact of certain transactions because we believe they are not directly related to our operating performance in any particular period, but are for our long-term benefit over multiple periods. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures reflect our ongoing business in a manner that allows for meaningful period-to-period comparisons and analysis of trends in our business. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Years ended December 31, (dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 Change 2021 Change 2020 GAAP Revenue 1,058.1 14.1 927.7 1.6 913.2 GAAP gross profit 552.7 14.1 484.5 (0.1) 485.2 GAAP gross margin 52.2 52.2 53.1 Non-GAAP adjustments: Add: Stock-based compensation expense 14.4 (27.6) 20.0 49.2 13.4 Add: Amortization of intangibles from business combinations 48.5 39.3 34.8 (10.7) 39.0 Add: Employee severance 2.1 7,262.1 (96.8) 0.9 Subtotal (1) 
 65.1 18.7 54.8 2.9 53.2 Non-GAAP gross profit (1) 
 617.8 14.5 539.3 0.2 538.4 Non-GAAP gross margin 58.4 58.1 59.0 GAAP income from operations (28.5) (214.4) 24.9 (33.1) 37.2 GAAP operating margin (2.7) 2.7 4.1 Non-GAAP adjustments: Add: Stock-based compensation expense 110.3 (8.4) 120.4 38.0 87.3 Add: Amortization of intangibles from business combinations 51.4 38.8 37.0 (11.6) 41.9 Add: Employee severance 5.2 242.0 1.5 (69.0) 4.9 Add: Acquisition and disposition-related costs (2) 
 6.1 100.9 3.1 1,294.5 0.2 Add: Restructuring and other real estate activities 0.1 (99.4) 12.1 (48.0) 23.3 Add: Security Incident-related costs, net of insurance (3) 
 55.7 2,968.4 1.8 100.0 Add: Impairment of capitalized software development costs 
 2.3 100.0 Subtotal (1) 
 231.1 31.4 175.9 11.7 157.5 Non-GAAP income from operations (1) 
 202.6 0.9 200.8 3.1 194.8 Non-GAAP operating margin 19.1 21.6 21.3 GAAP income before provision for income taxes (55.6) (884.6) 7.1 (67.2) 21.6 GAAP net income (45.4) (896.9) 5.7 (26.2) 7.7 Shares used in computing GAAP diluted earnings per share 51,569,148 6.9 48,230,438 (1.0) 48,696,341 GAAP diluted earnings per share (0.88) (833.3) 0.12 (25.0) 0.16 Non-GAAP adjustments: Add: GAAP income tax (benefit) provision (10.2) (834.2) 1.4 (90.0) 13.9 Add: Total Non-GAAP adjustments affecting loss from operations 231.1 31.4 175.9 11.7 157.5 Non-GAAP income before provision for income taxes 175.5 (4.1) 183.0 2.1 179.1 Assumed non-GAAP income tax provision (4) 
 35.1 (4.1) 36.6 2.1 35.8 Non-GAAP net income (1) 
 140.4 (4.1) 146.4 2.1 143.3 Shares used in computing Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share 52,207,573 8.2 48,230,438 (1.0) 48,696,341 Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share 2.69 (11.5) 3.04 3.4 2.94 
 (1) The individual amounts for each year may not sum to subtotal, non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP income before provision for income taxes or non-GAAP net income due to rounding. 
 (2) Includes a 2.0 million noncash impairment of intangible assets held for sale during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Includes Security Incident-related costs incurred during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 of 57.6 million, which includes approximately 23.0 million in recorded aggregate liabilities for loss contingencies, net of probable insurance recoveries during the same period of 1.9 million and during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 of 40.6 million, net of probable insurance recoveries during the same period of 38.7 million. Recorded expenses consisted primarily of payments to third-party service providers and consultants, including legal fees, as well as settlements of customer claims and accruals for certain loss contingencies. Not included in this adjustment were costs associated with enhancements to our cybersecurity program. For full year 2023, we currently expect net pre-tax expense of approximately 20 million to 30 million and net cash outlays of approximately 25 million to 35 million for ongoing legal fees related to the Security Incident. In line with our policy, legal fees, are expensed as incurred. As of December 31, 2022, we have recorded approximately 23.0 million in aggregate liabilities for loss contingencies based primarily on recent negotiations with certain governmental agencies related to the Security Incident that we believe we can reasonably estimate. It is reasonably possible that our estimated or actual losses may change in the near term for those matters and be materially in excess of the amounts accrued, but we are unable at this time to reasonably estimate the possible additional loss. There are other Security Incident-related matters, including customer claims, customer constituent class actions and governmental investigations, for which we have not recorded a liability for a loss contingency as of December 31, 2022 because we are unable at this time to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss. Each of these matters could, separately or in the 
 48 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 aggregate, result in an adverse judgement, settlement, fine, penalty or other resolution, the amount, scope and timing of which we are currently unable to predict, but could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 (4) We apply a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 20.0 when calculating non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Non-GAAP organic revenue growth 
 In addition, we use non-GAAP organic revenue growth, non-GAAP organic revenue growth on a constant currency basis, non-GAAP organic recurring revenue growth and non-GAAP organic recurring revenue growth in analyzing our operating performance. We believe that these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors, as a supplement to GAAP measures, for evaluating the periodic growth of our business on a consistent basis. Each of these measures of non-GAAP organic revenue growth excludes incremental acquisition-related revenue attributable to companies acquired in the current fiscal year. For companies, if any, acquired in the immediately preceding fiscal year, each of these non-GAAP organic revenue growth measures reflects presentation of full year incremental non-GAAP revenue derived from such companies as if they were combined throughout the prior period. In addition, each of these non-GAAP organic revenue growth measures excludes prior period revenue associated with divested businesses. The exclusion of the prior period revenue is to present the results of the divested businesses within the results of the combined company for the same period of time in both the prior and current periods. We believe this presentation provides a more comparable representation of our current business organic revenue growth and revenue run-rate. 
 Years ended December 31, (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 GAAP revenue 1,058.1 927.7 GAAP revenue growth 14.1 Add: Non-GAAP acquisition-related revenue (1) 
 104.4 Less: Non-GAAP revenue from divested businesses (2) 
 (1.9) Total Non-GAAP adjustments 102.5 Non-GAAP organic revenue (3) 
 1,058.1 1,030.2 Non-GAAP organic revenue growth 2.7 Non-GAAP organic revenue (3) 
 1,058.1 1,030.2 Foreign currency impact on Non-GAAP organic revenue (4) 
 12.3 Non-GAAP organic revenue on constant currency basis (4) 
 1,070.4 1,030.2 Non-GAAP organic revenue growth on constant currency basis 3.9 GAAP recurring revenue 1,011.7 880.9 GAAP recurring revenue growth 14.9 Add: Non-GAAP acquisition-related revenue (1) 
 93.5 Less: Non-GAAP recurring revenue from divested businesses (2) 
 (1.9) Total Non-GAAP adjustments 91.6 Non-GAAP organic recurring revenue 1,011.7 972.5 Non-GAAP organic recurring revenue growth 4.0 Non-GAAP organic recurring revenue (3) 
 1,011.7 972.5 Foreign currency impact on non-GAAP organic recurring revenue (4) 
 10.9 Non-GAAP organic recurring revenue on constant currency basis (4) 
 1,022.6 972.5 Non-GAAP organic recurring revenue growth on constant currency basis 5.2 
 (1) Non-GAAP acquisition-related revenue excludes incremental acquisition-related revenue calculated in accordance with GAAP that is attributable to companies acquired in the current fiscal year. For companies acquired in the immediately preceding fiscal year, non-GAAP acquisition-related revenue reflects presentation of full-year incremental non-GAAP revenue derived from such companies, as if they were combined throughout the prior period. 
 (2) Non-GAAP revenue from divested businesses excludes revenue associated with divested businesses. The exclusion of the prior period revenue is to present the results of the divested business with the results of the combined company for the same period of time in both the prior and current periods. 
 (3) Non-GAAP organic revenue and non-GAAP organic recurring revenue for the prior year periods presented herein may not agree to non-GAAP organic revenue and non-GAAP organic recurring revenue presented in the respective prior period quarterly financial information solely due to the manner in which non-GAAP organic revenue growth and non-GAAP organic recurring revenue growth are calculated. 
 (4) To determine non-GAAP organic revenue growth and non-GAAP organic recurring revenue growth on a constant currency basis, revenues from entities reporting in foreign currencies were translated to U.S. Dollars using the comparable prior period's quarterly weighted average foreign currency exchange rates. The primary foreign currencies creating the impact are the Australian Dollar, British Pound, Canadian Dollar and EURO. 
 50 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Rule of 40 
 We previously defined Rule of 40 as non-GAAP organic revenue growth plus non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA margin. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA is defined as GAAP net income plus interest, net; income tax provision (benefit); depreciation; amortization of intangible assets from business combinations; amortization of software and content development costs; stock-based compensation; employee severance; acquisition and disposition-related costs; restructuring and other real estate activities; Security Incident-related costs, net of insurance; and impairment of capitalized software development costs. Beginning in the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022, we now also include in non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA impairment of capitalized software development costs because we believe it is not directly related to our operating performance in any particular period. 
 Years ended December 31, (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 GAAP net (loss) income (45.4) 5.7 Non-GAAP adjustments: Add: Interest, net 34.1 17.6 Add: GAAP income tax (benefit) provision (10.2) 1.4 Add: Depreciation (1) 
 14.1 12.7 Add: Amortization of intangibles from business combinations 51.4 37.0 Add: Amortization of software and content development costs (2) 
 39.0 32.8 Subtotal (3) 
 128.4 101.5 Non-GAAP EBITDA (3) 
 83.0 107.2 Non-GAAP EBITDA margin 7.8 Non-GAAP adjustments: Add: Stock-based compensation expense 110.3 120.4 Add: Employee severance 5.2 1.5 Add: Acquisition and disposition-related costs 6.1 3.1 Add: Restructuring and other real estate activities 0.1 12.1 Add: Security Incident-related costs, net of insurance (4) 
 55.7 1.8 Add: Impairment of capitalized software development costs 
 2.3 Subtotal (3) 
 179.7 138.9 Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA (3) 
 262.6 246.1 Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA margin 24.8 Rule of 40 (5) 
 27.5 Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA 262.6 246.1 Foreign currency impact on Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA (6) 
 6.3 (3.6) Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA on constant currency basis (6) 
 268.9 242.5 Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA margin on constant currency basis 25.1 Rule of 40 on constant currency basis (7) 
 29.0 
 (1) During the third quarter of 2020 and the fourth quarter of 2021, we reduced the estimated useful lives of our operating lease right-of-use assets for certain of our office locations we expected to exit. For these same office locations, we also reduced the estimated useful lives of certain facilities-related fixed assets, which resulted in increases in depreciation expense. The accelerated portions of the fixed asset depreciation expense related to these activities of 1.7 million for the three months and twelve months ended December 31, 2021, respectively, were presented in the "Restructuring and other real estate activities" line of the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures. Total depreciation expense was 4.9 million and 14.4 million for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes amortization expense related to software development costs and amortization expense from capitalized cloud computing implementation costs. 
 (3) The individual amounts for each year may not sum to subtotal, non-GAAP EBITDA, non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA or non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA on a constant currency basis due to rounding. 
 (4) Includes Security Incident-related costs incurred, net of probable insurance recoveries. See additional details in the reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP operating income above. 
 (5) Measured by non-GAAP organic revenue growth plus non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA margin. See Non-GAAP organic revenue growth table above. 
 (6) To determine non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA on a constant currency basis, non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA from entities reporting in foreign currencies were translated to U.S. Dollars using the comparable prior period's quarterly weighted average foreign currency exchange rates. The primary foreign currencies creating the impact are the Australian Dollar, British Pound, Canadian Dollar and EURO. 
 (7) Measured by non-GAAP organic revenue growth on constant currency basis plus non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA margin on constant currency basis. See Non-GAAP organic revenue growth table above. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Non-GAAP free cash flow and non-GAAP adjusted free cash flow 
 Non-GAAP free cash flow is defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures, including costs required to be capitalized for software development, and capital expenditures for property and equipment. 
 Non-GAAP adjusted free cash flow is defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures, including costs required to be capitalized for software development and capital expenditures for property and equipment, plus cash outflows, net of insurance, related to the Security Incident. 
 We believe non-GAAP free cash flow and non-GAAP adjusted free cash flow provides useful measures of the Company's operating performance. Non-GAAP adjusted free cash flow is not intended to represent and should not be viewed as the amount of residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. 
 Years ended December 31, (dollars in millions) 2022 Change 2021 Change 2020 GAAP net cash provided by operating activities 203.9 (4.6) 213.7 44.4 148.0 Less: purchase of property and equipment (12.3) 5.4 (11.7) (60.7) (29.7) Less: capitalized software and content development costs (58.8) 45.2 (40.5) (4.0) (42.2) Non-GAAP free cash flow (1) 
 132.8 (17.8) 161.5 112.2 76.1 Add: Security Incident-related cash flows, net of insurance 20.9 209.6 6.7 226.5 2.1 Non-GAAP adjusted free cash flow (1) 
 153.7 (8.6) 168.2 115.2 78.2 
 (1) The individual amounts for each year may not sum to non-GAAP free cash flow or non-GAAP adjusted free cash flow due to rounding. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Our revenues normally fluctuate as a result of certain seasonal variations in our business. Our first quarter has historically been the seasonal low for bookings, with the second and fourth quarters historically being seasonally higher, and our bookings tend to be back-end loaded within individual quarters given our quarterly quota plans. Transactional revenue is non-contractual and less predictable given the susceptibility to certain drivers such as timing and number of events and marketing campaigns, as well as fluctuations in donation volumes and tuition payments. Our transactional revenue has historically been at its lowest in the first quarter due to the timing of customer fundraising initiatives and events. We have historically experienced seasonal highs during the fourth quarter due to year-end giving campaigns and during the second quarter when a large number of events are held. Our revenue from professional services has historically been lower in the first quarter when many of those services commence and in the fourth quarter due to the holiday season. As a result of these and other factors, our total revenue has historically been lower in the first quarter than in the remainder of our fiscal year, with the fourth quarter historically achieving the highest total revenue. Our expenses, other than transaction-based costs related to our payments services, do not vary significantly as a result of these factors, but do fluctuate on a quarterly basis due to varying timing of expenditures. 
 Our cash flow from operations normally fluctuates quarterly due to the combination of the timing of customer contract renewals including renewals associated with customers of acquired companies, delivery of professional services and occurrence of customer events, as well as merit-based salary increases, among other factors. Historically, due to lower revenues in our first quarter, combined with the payment of certain annual vendor contracts, our cash flow from operations has been lowest in our first quarter. Due to the timing of customer contract renewals and student enrollments, many of which take place at or near the beginning of our third quarter, our cash flow from operations has generally been lower in our second quarter as compared to our third and fourth quarters. Partially offsetting these favorable drivers of cash flow from operations in our third and fourth quarters are base salary merit increases, which were replaced in 2020 with performance-based equity awards due to COVID-19, but returned in July 2021. In addition, deferred revenues can vary on a seasonal basis due to the timing of customer contract renewals and student enrollments or significant acquisitions. Our cash flow from financing is negatively impacted in our first quarter when most of our equity awards vest, as we pay taxes on behalf of our employees related to the settlement or exercise of equity awards. During the second quarter of 2021, however, we experienced an increase in the amount of taxes we paid on behalf of our employees related to the settlement of equity awards when compared to the same period in 2020, as the equity granted in May 2020 in lieu of cash bonus plans and base salary merit increases vested. 
 52 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 These patterns may change as a result of the continued shift to online giving, growth in volume of transactions for which we process payments, large dollar customer bookings and contract renewals, or as a result of acquisitions, new market opportunities, new solution introductions or other factors. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following table presents selected financial information about our financial position: 
 (dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Cash and cash equivalents 31.7 55.1 (42.5) Property and equipment, net 107.4 111.4 (3.6) Software and content development costs, net 141.0 121.4 16.2 Total carrying value of debt 859.0 956.2 (10.2) Working capital (312.0) (258.7) (20.6) 
 The following table presents selected financial information about our cash flows: 
 Years ended December 31, (dollars in millions) 2022 Change 2021 Change 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 203.9 (4.6) 213.7 44.4 148.0 Net cash used in investing activities (85.5) (81.8) (471.3) (555.9) (71.8) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (25.7) (109.7) 264.1 (2,573.2) (10.7) 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are operating cash flow, funds available under the 2020 Credit Facility and cash on hand. Our operating cash flow depends on continued customer renewal of our subscription and maintenance arrangements and market acceptance of our solutions and services, the volume and size of transactions for which we process payments and our customers' ability to pay. Based on current estimates of revenue and expenses, we believe that the currently available sources of funds and anticipated cash flows from operations will be adequate for at least the next twelve months to finance our operations, fund anticipated capital expenditures and meet our debt obligations. We also believe that we will be able to continue to meet our long-term cash requirements due to our anticipated cash flow from operations, solid financial position and ability to access capital from financial markets. To the extent we undertake future material acquisitions, investments or unanticipated capital or operating expenditures, including in connection with the Security Incident, we may require additional capital. In that context, we regularly evaluate opportunities to enhance our capital structure including through potential debt or equity issuances. 
 As a well-known seasoned issuer, we filed an automatic shelf registration statement for an undetermined amount of debt and equity securities with the SEC on January 14, 2022. Under this universal shelf registration statement we may offer and sell, from time to time, debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units. Subject to certain conditions, this registration statement will be effective through January 13, 2024. 
 At December 31, 2022, our total cash and cash equivalents balance included approximately 14.4 million of cash that was held outside the U.S. While these funds may not be needed to fund our U.S. operations for at least the next twelve months, if we need these funds, we may be required to accrue and pay taxes to repatriate a portion of the funds. We currently do not intend or anticipate a need to repatriate our cash held outside the U.S. 
 
 Operating Cash Flow 
 Throughout 2022, 2021 and 2020, our cash flows from operations were derived principally from: (i) our earnings from on-going operations prior to non-cash expenses such as depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, deferred income taxes, amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discount and adjustments to our provision for credit losses and sales returns; and (ii) changes in our working capital. 
 Working capital changes are comprised of changes in accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, trade accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities and deferred revenue. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 2022 vs. 2021 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 9.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due a 65.1 million increase in cash flow from operations associated with working capital, and a 74.9 million decrease in net income adjusted for non-cash expenses. 
 The increase in cash flow from operations associated with working capital during 2022, when compared to 2021, was primarily due to: 
 fluctuations in the timing of vendor payments; 
 a decrease in probable insurance recoveries related to the Security Incident as we have received payment for all of the related insurance claims; and 
 an increase in accrued expenses related to the Security Incident. 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 65.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, when compared to the same period in 2020, primarily due a 49.7 million increase in cash flow from operations associated with working capital, and a 16.1 million increase in net income adjusted for non-cash expenses. 
 The increase in cash flow from operations associated with working capital during 2021, when compared to 2020, was primarily due to: 
 the payment of our 2019 cash bonus plans in 2020 and the replacement of our 2020 cash bonus plans with performance-based equity awards (which we expect will continue going forward); 
 an increase in the collection of our accounts receivable balances, including early progress in initiatives to bring our pricing in line with the market; and 
 fluctuations in the timing of vendor payments; partially offset by 
 an increase in income tax payments. 
 Workforce reductions 
 We have taken steps to better align our workforce with our strategic priorities to drive efficiencies and minimize any potential impacts from the current uncertain macroeconomic environment. During the fourth quarter of 2022, this included further elimination of open positions as well as the decision to reduce our workforce. As a result of the targeted workforce reduction, we incurred 4.5 million in pre-tax employee severance costs during the fourth quarter of 2022. During the first quarter of 2023, we have remained focused on improving operating performance and driving efficiencies in the Company, including further reducing our workforce. Following the planned action during the fourth quarter of 2022, we experienced a slowdown in voluntary attrition relative to expectations leading to a further reduction in force to achieve our original plan. While we have eliminated positions in some areas, we will continue to hire in other areas. Most of these reductions are in areas of the business that are not customer facing or in sales. When combined with the cost actions we took in the fourth quarter of 2022, we expect our total headcount will be reduced by approximately 14 since the third quarter 2022. We expect these workforce reductions and other cost actions to significantly reduce our pre-tax costs in 2023, partially offset by continued investments in cybersecurity and innovation. 
 Security Incident update 
 As discussed in Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report, total costs related to the Security Incident have exceeded the limit of our insurance coverage. Accordingly, we expect that the Security Incident will negatively impact our GAAP profitability and GAAP cash flow for the foreseeable future (see discussion regarding non-GAAP financial measures beginning on page 47 ). For full year 2022, we incurred net pre-tax expense of 32.7 million and had net cash outlays of 20.9 million for ongoing legal fees related to the Security Incident. In line with our policy, legal fees are expensed as incurred. For full year 2023, we currently expect net pre-tax expense of approximately 20 million to 30 million and net cash outlays of approximately 25 million to 35 million for ongoing legal fees related to the Security Incident. 
 54 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 As of December 31, 2022, we have recorded approximately 23.0 million in aggregate liabilities for loss contingencies based primarily on recent negotiations with certain governmental agencies related to the Security Incident that we believe we can reasonably estimate. It is reasonably possible that our estimated or actual losses may change in the near term for those matters and be materially in excess of the amounts accrued, but we are unable at this time to reasonably estimate the possible additional loss. 
 There are other Security Incident-related matters, including customer claims, customer constituent class actions and governmental investigations, for which we have not recorded a liability for a loss contingency as of December 31, 2022 because we are unable at this time to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss. Each of these matters could, separately or in the aggregate, result in an adverse judgement, settlement, fine, penalty or other resolution, the amount, scope and timing of which we are currently unable to predict, but could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 Investing Cash Flow 
 During 2023, we expect our total capital expenditures, including estimated outlays for capitalized software development costs, to be between approximately 65.0 million and 75.0 million. 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 85.5 million decreased by 385.7 million during 2022, when compared to 2021. 
 During 2022, we used 20.9 million of net cash for our acquisitions of EVERFI and Kilter, comprised primarily of (i) 17.4 million that had not been paid by EVERFI to its former option holders as of December 31, 2021, solely due to the timing of the acquisition on the last day of 2021; (ii) 2.9 million that was paid to acquire Kilter; and (iii) 2.6 million that was paid to a number of EVERFI's selling shareholders after determining they would be paid in cash, rather than shares of our common stock. During 2022, we also received cash proceeds of 6.4 million from our sale of certain solutions. See Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements in this report for additional information. 
 We used 58.8 million for software and content development costs, which was up 18.3 million from cash spent during 2021, primarily due to the inclusion of EVERFI's software and content development activities. 
 We also spent 12.3 million of cash for purchases of property and equipment during 2022, which was an increase 0.6 million from cash spent in 2021. 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 471.3 million increased by 399.4 million during 2021, when compared to 2020. 
 We spent 419.1 million for our acquisition of EVERFI in 2021 and we did not make any similar investments during 2020. We used 40.5 million for software development costs, which was relatively consistent with cash spent during 2020. We continue to invest in our innovative cloud solutions, as well as development activities for Blackbaud SKY, our modern cloud platform. 
 We also spent 11.7 million of cash for purchases of property and equipment during 2021, which was down 18.0 million from cash spent in 2020. The decrease in cash expended was primarily due to our purchase of our global headquarters facility in 2020. 
 
 Financing Cash Flow 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 
 During 2022, we had a net decrease in borrowings of 99.7 million compared to a net increase in borrowings of 429.2 million attributable to our acquisition of EVERFI in 2021. During 2022, we did not repurchase any of our common stock while we repurchased 108.4 million during 2021 (see additional details below regarding our stock repurchase program). 
 We paid 36.4 million to satisfy tax obligations of employees upon settlement or exercise of equity awards during 2022 compared to 39.4 million during 2021. The amount of taxes paid by us on behalf of employees related to the settlement or 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 exercise of equity awards varies from period to period based upon the timing of grants and vesting, as well as the market price for shares of our common stock at the time of settlement. Most of our equity awards currently vest in our first quarter. 
 During 2022 , cash flow from financing activities associated with changes in restricted cash due to customers increased 111.4 million , compared to a decrease of 13.5 million during 2021 . This line in the statement of cash flows represents the change in the amount of restricted cash held and payable by us to customers from one period to the next. This restricted cash due to customers is not available to us for operational purposes. 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 
 During 2021, we had a net increase in borrowings of 429.2 million attributable to our acquisition of EVERFI, compared to a net increase in borrowings of 0.9 million in 2020. During 2021, we spent 108.4 million on repurchases of our common stock compared to 41.0 million during 2020 (see additional details below regarding our stock repurchase program which began in the fourth quarter of 2020). During 2020, we paid dividends of 6.0 million and we did not pay dividends during 2021, as we discontinued the declaration and payment of all cash dividends beginnin g with the second quarter of 2020. 
 We paid 39.4 million to satisfy tax obligations of employees upon settlement or exercise of equity awards during 2021 compared to 21.4 million during 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to our decision to replace our annual cash bonus plans with a short-term performance-based equity award plan. 
 During 2021 , cash flow from financing activities associated with changes in restricted cash due to customers decreased 13.5 million , compared to an increase of 61.2 million during 2020 . This line in the statement of cash flows represents the change in the amount of restricted cash held and payable by us to customers from one period to the next. 
 
 Stock repurchase program 
 In December 2021, our Board of Directors reauthorized and replenished our stock repurchase program that authorizes us to purchase up to 250.0 million of our outstanding shares of common stock. The program does not have an expiration date. Under the stock repurchase program, we are authorized to repurchase shares from time to time in accordance with applicable laws both on the open market, including under trading plans established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and in privately negotiated transactions. The timing and amount of repurchases depends on several factors, including market and business conditions, the trading price of our common stock and the nature of other investment opportunities. The repurchase program may be limited, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not purchase any shares. The remaining amount available to purchase stock under the stock repurchase program was 250.0 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 2020 Credit Facility 
 In October 2020, we entered into a 5-year 900.0 million Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the 2020 Credit Facility ). Upon closing, we drew 400.0 million on a term loan and used the proceeds to repay the outstanding principal balance of the term loan under our previous credit facility, and repay 124.4 million of outstanding revolving credit loans under the previous credit facility. 
 Historically, we have drawn on our credit facility from time to time to help us meet financial needs primarily due to the seasonality of our cash flows from operations and financing for business acquisitions. At December 31, 2022, our available borrowing capacity under the 2020 Credit Facility was 319.8 million. The 2020 Credit Facility matures in October 2025. 
 At December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of our debt under the 2020 Credit Facility was 799.1 million. Our average daily borrowings were 863.2 million during 2022. 
 The term loans under the 2020 Credit Facility and our other debt require periodic principal payments. The balance of the term loans and any amounts drawn on the revolving credit loans are due upon maturity of the 2020 Credit Facility in October 2025. The Real Estate Loans also require periodic principal payments and the balances of the real estate loans are due upon maturity in April 2038. 
 56 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Following is a summary of the financial covenants under the 2020 Credit Facility: 
 Financial Covenant Requirement Ratio as of December 31, 2022 Net Leverage Ratio (1) 
 4.00 to 1.00 3.22 to 1.00 Interest Coverage Ratio 2.50 to 1.00 7.43 to 1.00 
 (1) Under the terms of the 2020 Credit Facility, the Net Leverage Ratio requirement may be increased by up to 0.50 provided we satisfy certain requirements, including a permitted business acquisition, and provided that the maximum Net Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 4.25 to 1.00. 
 Under the 2020 Credit Facility, we also have restrictions on our ability to declare and pay dividends and our ability to repurchase shares of our common stock. In order to pay any cash dividends and/or repurchase shares of stock: (i) no default or event of default shall have occurred and be continuing under the 2020 Credit Facility, and (ii) our pro forma net leverage ratio, as set forth in the 2020 Credit Facility, must be 0.25 less than the net leverage ratio requirement at the time of dividend declaration or share repurchase. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our debt covenants under the 2020 Credit Facility. 
 First amendment to 2020 Credit Facility 
 On January 31, 2022, we entered into the First Amendment to Credit Agreement which amends the 2020 Credit Facility to, among other things, (i) modify the definition of Applicable Margin , (ii) modify the net leverage ratio financial covenant to require a net leverage ratio of (A) 4.00:1.00 or less for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2021 and for fiscal quarters ending thereafter through December 31, 2023 and (B) 3.75:1.00 or less for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2024 and thereafter, (iii) reset the 250.0 million fixed dollar basket with respect to the accordion feature, and (iv) modify certain negative covenants to provide additional operational flexibility. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report for additional information regarding the 2020 Credit Facility. 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had contractual obligations with future minimum commitments as follows: 
 Payments due by period (in millions) Less than 1 year More than 1 year Total (1) 
 Recorded contractual obligations: Debt 18.8 843.2 862.0 Operating leases 10.0 53.5 63.4 Contingent consideration 2.7 2.7 Unrecorded contractual obligations: Purchase obligations 70.0 224.4 294.4 Interest payments on debt 38.8 109.8 148.6 Total contractual obligations (1) 
 137.6 1,233.5 1,371.1 
 (1) The individual amounts may not sum to the total due to rounding. 
 Debt 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total remaining principal payments of 862.0 million. These payments represent principal payments only, under the following assumptions: (i) that the amounts outstanding under the 2020 Credit Facility, our real estate loans and our other debt at December 31, 2022 will remain outstanding until maturity, with minimum payments occurring as currently scheduled, and (ii) that there are no assumed future borrowings on the 2020 Revolving Facility for the purposes of determining minimum commitment amounts. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements in this report for more information. 
 Interest payments on debt 
 In addition to principal payments, as of December 31, 2022, we expect to pay interest expense over the life of our debt obligations of approximately 148.6 million. These payments represent our estimated future interest payments on debt using 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 our debt balances and the related weighted average effective interest rates as of December 31, 2022, which includes the effect of interest rate swap agreements. The actual interest expense recognized in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income will depend on the amount of debt, the length of time the debt is outstanding and the interest rate, which could be different from our assumptions on our remaining principal payments described above. 
 Operating leases 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had remaining operating lease payments of 63.4 million. These payments have not been reduced by sublease income, incentive payments, reimbursement of leasehold improvements or the amount representing imputed interest of 10.8 million. Our operating leases are generally for corporate offices, subleased offices and certain equipment and furniture. Given our remote-first workforce strategy and real estate footprint optimization efforts, as discussed above, we do not anticipate entering any new, material operating leases for offices for the foreseeable future. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in this report for more information. 
 Purchase obligations 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had remaining purchase obligations of 294.4 million. These purchase obligations are for third-party technology used in our solutions and for other services we purchase as part of our normal operations. In certain cases, these arrangements require a minimum annual purchase commitment by us. Our purchase obligations are not recorded as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022, as we had not received the related services. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in this report for more information. 
 The total liability for uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, was 3.1 million and 3.7 million, respectively. Our accrued interest and penalties related to tax positions taken on our tax returns was insignificant as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Contingent consideration 
 In connection with our acquisition of Kilter, we are obligated to pay contingent consideration upon the achievement of certain milestones. For information regarding our contingent consideration obligations, see Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements in this report. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rates 
 Approximately 15 of our total revenue for 2022 was generated by operations outside the U.S. We do not have significant operations in countries in which the economy is considered to be highly inflationary. Our consolidated financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars and, accordingly, changes in the exchange rate between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar will affect the translation of our subsidiaries financial results into U.S. dollars for purposes of reporting our consolidated financial results. The accumulated currency translation adjustment, recorded within other comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders equity, was a loss of 14.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and income of 1.3 million as of December 31, 2021. We have entered into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of the foreign currency exposure that arises on translation of our investments denominated in British Pounds into U.S. dollars. 
 The vast majority of our contracts are entered into by our U.S. or U.K. entities. The contracts entered into by the U.S. entity are almost always denominated in U.S. dollars or Canadian dollars, and contracts entered into by our U.K., Australian and Irish subsidiaries are generally denominated in British Pounds, Australian dollars and Euros, respectively. Historically, as the U.S. dollar weakened, foreign currency translation resulted in an increase in our revenues and expenses denominated in non-U.S. currencies. Conversely, as the U.S. dollar strengthened, foreign currency translation resulted in a decrease in our revenues and expenses denominated in non-U.S. currencies. During 2022, foreign translation resulted in decreases in our revenues and expenses denominated in non-U.S. currencies. Though we have exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the impact has generally not been material to our consolidated results of operations or financial position. During 2022, the fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates reduced our total revenue and our income from operations by 12.3 million and 2.6 million, respectively. We have entered into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge revenues denominated in the Canadian dollar against changes in the exchange rate with the U.S. dollar. We will continue monitoring such exposure and take action as appropriate. To determine the impacts on revenue (or income from operations) from fluctuations in currency exchange rates, current period revenues (or income from operations) from entities reporting in foreign currencies were translated into U.S. dollars using the comparable prior year period's weighted average foreign currency exchange rates. These 
 58 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 impacts are non-GAAP financial information and are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, information prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we reconsider and evaluate our estimates and assumptions. 
 We base our estimates on historical experience, current trends and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could materially differ from any of our estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in this report. We believe the accounting estimates listed below are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 Revenue Recognition Description Judgments and Uncertainties Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in this report for a complete discussion of our revenue recognition policies. 
 
 Revenues are recognized when control of our services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those services. 
 
 We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: 
 
 (1) Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; 
 
 (2) Identification of the performance obligations in the contract; 
 
 (3) Determination of the transaction price; 
 
 (4) Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 
 
 (5) Recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. 
 We have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to recognize revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our revenue recognition accounting methodology contains uncertainties because it requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, and to apply judgment. For example, for arrangements that have multiple performance obligations, we must exercise judgment and use estimates in order to (1) determine whether performance obligations are distinct and should be accounted for separately; (2) determine the standalone selling price of each performance obligation; (3) allocate the transaction price among the various performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis; and (4) determine whether revenue for each performance obligation should be recognized at a point in time or over time. If we were to change any of these judgments or estimates, it could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of revenue or deferred revenue that we report in a particular period. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Costs of Obtaining Contracts Description Judgments and Uncertainties Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions We pay sales commissions at the time contracts with customers are signed or shortly thereafter, depending on the size and duration of the sales contract. Sales commissions and related fringe benefits earned by our sales force are considered incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. These costs are deferred and then amortized in a manner that aligns with the expected period of benefit, which we have primarily determined to be 5 years. We generally do not pay commissions for contract renewals that are commensurate with the commission paid on the initial contract. The related amortization expense is included in sales, marketing and customer success expense in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 We have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to record costs of obtaining contracts during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our accounting methodology for determining the period over which we amortize costs of obtaining contracts with customers contains uncertainties because it requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, and to apply judgment. For example, we must exercise judgment and use estimates in order to determine the expected period of benefit of our sales commissions. We take into consideration our customer contracts, including renewals, retention, our technology and other factors. If we were to change any of these judgments or estimates, it could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of assets, operating expenses or income that we report in a particular period. 
 Business Combinations Description Judgments and Uncertainties Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions We allocate the purchase price of an acquired business to its identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date based upon their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the amount allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, if any, is recorded as goodwill. 
 
 We use available information to estimate fair values. We typically engage outside appraisal firms to assist in the fair value determination of long-lived and identifiable intangible assets, and any other significant assets or liabilities. We adjust the preliminary purchase price allocation, as necessary, up to one year after the acquisition closing date as we obtain new information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the closing date. 
 We have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use for business combinations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our purchase price allocation methodology contains uncertainties because it requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, and to apply judgment to estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, especially with respect to long-lived and intangible assets. 
 
 Management estimates the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on quoted market prices, the carrying value of the acquired assets and widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flows, market multiple analyses and replacement cost. 
 
 We apply significant judgement in estimating the fair value of intangible assets acquired, which involves the use of significant assumptions. Significant assumptions used in the valuation of customer relationships include future revenue and operating expenses, customer attrition rates, contributory asset charges, tax amortization benefit, and discount rates. Significant assumptions used in the valuation of certain developed technology assets include future revenue, proprietary technology obsolescence curve, royalty rate, and discount rate. Significant assumptions used in the valuation of marketing assets include assumptions about the period of time the brand will continue to be valuable, royalty rate, and discount rate. Significant assumptions used in the valuation of content intangible assets include cost-based assumptions. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and unanticipated events and changes in circumstances may occur. 
 If actual results are materially different than the assumptions we used to determine fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed through a business combination as well as the estimated useful lives of the acquired intangible assets, it is possible that adjustments to the carrying values of such assets and liabilities will have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements in this report for information regarding our business acquisitions. 
 
 60 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Income Taxes Description Judgments and Uncertainties Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions We make estimates and judgments in accounting for income taxes. Our income tax returns, like those of most companies, are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. 
 
 We measure and recognize uncertain tax positions. To recognize uncertain tax positions, we must first determine if it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon audit. We must then measure the benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 
 
 We make estimates in determining tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial reporting purposes. We record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 
 We have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to assess income tax during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The calculation of our income tax provision requires estimates due to transactions, credits and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Uncertainties arise as a consequence of the actual source of taxable income between domestic and foreign locations, the outcome of tax audits and the ultimate utilization of tax credits. Our effective income tax rate is also affected by changes in the geographic distribution of our earnings or losses, changes in tax law in jurisdictions where we conduct business. Significant judgment is required in the identification and measurement of uncertain tax positions. Our liability for unrecognized tax benefits contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions. In assessing the adequacy of a recorded valuation allowance significant judgment is required. We consider all positive and negative evidence and a variety of factors including the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, historical and projected future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Although we believe that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. To the extent actual results differ from estimated amounts recorded, such differences will impact the income tax provision in the period in which the determination is made. If we determine there is less than a 50 likelihood that we will be able to use a deferred tax asset in the future in excess of its net carrying value, then an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance is made to increase income tax expense, thereby reducing net income in the period such determination was made. 
 Long-lived Assets and Intangible Assets Other Than Goodwill Description Judgments and Uncertainties Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions We review our long-lived assets and intangible assets other than goodwill for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If such events or changes in circumstances occur, we use the undiscounted cash flow method to determine whether our long-lived and intangible assets other than goodwill are impaired. To the extent that the carrying value of the asset or asset group exceeds the undiscounted cash flows over the estimated remaining life of the asset, we measure the impairment using discounted cash flows. 
 We have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to assess impairment loss during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In estimating future cash flows, assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there is identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of cash flows from other asset groups. When measuring impairment of an asset or asset group using discounted cash flows, we make assumptions and apply judgment in estimating future cash flows and asset or asset group fair values, including annual revenue growth rates, a terminal year growth rate and selecting a discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows. During 2022, we recorded impairment charges against certain previously capitalized software development costs, certain insignificant customer relationship intangible assets that were held for sale, our operating lease ROU assets and certain property and equipment assets. For additional information, see Notes 7 and 11 to our consolidated financial statements in this report. 
 We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to assess impairment losses. However, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to an impairment charge that could materially adversely impact our consolidated financial position and results of operations. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Loss Contingencies Description Judgments and Uncertainties Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions We are subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies, including legal proceedings and claims, that arise in the normal course of business, as well as certain other non-ordinary course proceedings, claims and investigations, as described in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in this report. We record an accrual for a loss contingency when it is both probable that a material liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. If only a range of estimated losses can be determined, we accrue an amount within the range that, in our judgment, reflects the most likely outcome; if none of the estimates within that range is a better estimate than any other amount, we accrue the low end of the range. For proceedings in which an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible but not probable and an estimate of the loss or range of losses arising from the proceeding can be made, we disclose such an estimate, if material. If such a loss or range of losses is not reasonably estimable, we disclose that fact. 
 We have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to assess loss contingencies during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We review any such loss contingency accruals at least quarterly and adjust them to reflect the impacts of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular case. 
 
 Often these issues are subject to substantial uncertainties and, therefore, the probability of loss and the estimation of damages are difficult to ascertain. These assessments can involve a series of complex judgments about future events and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by us. 
 
 With the exception of the 2020 Security Incident, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to determine loss contingencies. However, if facts and circumstances change in the future that change our belief regarding assumptions used to determine our estimates, we may be exposed to losses that could be material. 
 Although we believe we have substantial defenses in these matters, we could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows in any particular period. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a discussion of the impact that recently issued accounting pronouncements are expected to have on our financial position and results of operations when adopted in the future, see Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in this report. 
 62 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We have market rate sensitivity for interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our variable rate debt is our primary financial instrument with market risk exposure for changing interest rates. We manage our variable rate interest rate risk through a combination of short-term and long-term borrowings and the use of derivative instruments entered into for hedging purposes. Our interest rate exposure includes SOFR rates. The Financial Conduct Authority in the U.K. has stated that it plans to phase out all tenors of LIBOR by June 2023, therefore, we modified our financial contracts that were indexed to LIBOR to reference SOFR during 2022. These modifications did not have a significant financial impact. Due to the nature of our debt, the materiality of the fair values of the derivative instruments and the highly liquid, short-term nature and level of our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, we believe that the risk of exposure to changing interest rates for those positions is immaterial. There were no significant changes in how we manage interest rate risk between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 For a discussion of our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Foreign Currency Exchange Rates in Item 7 of this report. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 BLACKBAUD, INC. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page No. Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB IDs and 
 65 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 72 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 73 
 
 64 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Blackbaud, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, cash flows, and stockholders equity for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition - Payment Processing Services Description of the Matter The Company recorded transactional recurring revenues of 302.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Included in transactional recurring revenues are revenues related to payment processing services provided to customers that enable donations and the purchase of goods and services. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue for payment processing services over time based on the amount billable to the customer since it has the right to invoice the customer in an amount that directly corresponds with the value to the customer for the Company s performance to date. The processing of transactions and recording of revenues for these services involves a significant volume of transactions that are highly automated and are based on contractual terms with the customer and the Company s third-party vendors. Auditing the revenues for these payment processing services is complex because the processes are highly automated and involve multiple IT systems with a significant volume of transactions and related underlying data. Further, auditing the revenues for these payment processing services required the involvement of data professionals to assist in validating the integrity of the underlying data and recalculating the revenues recorded during the period. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 65 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s controls over its payment processing services provided to customers that enable donations and the purchase of goods and services. We identified the relevant systems used in these payment processing services, including relevant third-party service organization systems, and evaluated the IT general controls over each of these systems. We also tested the relevant automated controls and other business processes controls. To test revenue recognized for payment processing services, our procedures included, among others, the involvement of data professionals to recalculate the revenue recognized. For a selection of payment processing transactions, we also agreed the amount of revenues recognized for processing fees retained by the Company to source documents and tested the mathematical accuracy of the recorded revenue. We also evaluated if the transactions were processed, and funds received prior to December 31, 2022, including sending confirmations directly to financial institutions. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 
 
 February 24, 2023 

66 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Blackbaud, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Blackbaud, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, cash flows, and stockholders' equity for the year-ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 67 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the consolidated balance sheet of Blackbaud, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 March 1, 2022 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2000 to 2022. 
 68 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Customer funds receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Software and content development costs, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Due to customers Debt, current portion Deferred revenue, current portion Total current liabilities Debt, net of current portion Deferred tax liability Deferred revenue, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 11) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock; shares authorized, ne outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost; and shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 69 

Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Recurring One-time services and other Total revenue Cost of revenue Cost of recurring Cost of one-time services and other Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Sales, marketing and customer success Research and development General and administrative Amortization Restructuring Total operating expenses (Loss) income from operations ) Interest expense ) ) ) Other income, net (Loss) income before provision for income taxes ) Income tax (benefit) provision ) Net (loss) income ) (Loss) earnings per share Basic ) Diluted ) Common shares and equivalents outstanding Basic weighted average shares Diluted weighted average shares Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net of tax ) Total other comprehensive income Comprehensive (loss) income ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 70 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for credit losses and sales returns Stock-based compensation expense Deferred taxes ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs and discount Other non-cash adjustments Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisition and disposal of businesses: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Trade accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) ) Deferred revenue ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Capitalized software and content development costs ) ) ) Purchase of net assets of acquired companies, net of cash and restricted cash acquired ) ) Cash received in sale of business Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of debt Payments on debt ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Stock issuance costs ) Employee taxes paid for withheld shares upon equity award settlement ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Change in due to customers ) Change in customer funds receivable ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Dividend payments to stockholders ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid during the year for: Interest ) ) ) Taxes, net of refunds ) ) ) Non-cash investing and financing activities: Purchase of EVERFI through the issuance of stock (see Note 3) ) Purchase of property and equipment by assuming directly related liabilities ) Purchase of software and services by assuming directly related liabilities ) ) Purchase of equipment and other assets included in accounts payable ) ) ) 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown above in the consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in the statement of cash flows The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 71 

Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 

(dollars in thousands) Common stock Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock Accumulated 
 other 
 comprehensive 
 income (loss) 
 Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income Payment of dividends per share) (1) 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury shares under stock repurchase program 
 ) ) Exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units Employee taxes paid for withheld shares upon equity award settlement 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Restricted stock grants Restricted stock cancellations ) Other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Common stock issued in purchase of EVERFI (see Note 3) 
 Purchase of treasury shares under stock repurchase program 
 ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units Employee taxes paid for withheld shares upon equity award settlement 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Restricted stock grants Restricted stock cancellations ) Other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net loss ) ) Stock issuance costs related to purchase of EVERFI (see Note 3) 
 ) ) Retirements of common stock (2) 
 ) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units Employee taxes paid for withheld shares upon equity award settlement 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Restricted stock grants Restricted stock cancellations ) Other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 72 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Recently issued accounting pronouncements 
 There are no recently issued accounting pronouncements that are expected to have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations when adopted in the future. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 years at contract inception with to -year renewals thereafter, billed annually in advance and non-cancelable. 
 Recurring revenue is comprised of fees for the use of our subscription-based software solutions, which includes providing access to cloud solutions, hosting services, payment services, online training programs, and subscription-based analytic services, such as donor insight and data enrichment services. Recurring revenue also includes fees from maintenance services for our on-premises solutions, services included in our renewable subscription contracts, retained and managed services contracts that we expect to have a term consistent with our cloud solution contracts, and variable transaction revenue associated with the use of our solutions. 
 Our payment services are offered with the assistance of third-party vendors. In general, when we are the principal in a transaction based on the factors identified in ASC 606-10-55-36 through 55-40, we record the revenue and related costs on a gross basis. Otherwise, we net the cost of revenue associated with the service against the gross revenue (amount withheld for the transaction fees) and record the net amount as revenue. For payment and transaction services, we have the right to invoice the customer in an amount that directly corresponds with the value to the customer of our performance to date. Therefore, we recognize revenue for these services over time based on the amount we withhold for the transaction fees in accordance with the 'as invoiced' practical expedient in ASC 606-10-55-18. 
 One-time services and other 
 One-time services and other revenue is primarily comprised of fees for one-time consulting, analytic and onsite training services and fees for retained and managed services contracts that we do not expect to have a term consistent with our cloud solution contracts. 
 We generally bill consulting services based on hourly rates plus reimbursable travel-related expenses. Fixed price consulting engagements are generally billed as milestones towards completion are reached. Revenue for one-time consulting services is generally recognized over time as the services are performed. 
 Fees for retained and managed services contracts are generally billed in advance and recognized over time on a ratable basis over the contract term, beginning on the date the service is made available to the customer. 
 74 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 years. We determined the period of benefit by taking into consideration our customer contracts, including renewals, retention, our technology and other factors. We generally do not pay commissions for contract renewals that are commensurate with the commission paid on the initial contract. The related amortization expense is included in sales, marketing and customer success expense in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 A contract asset is recorded when revenue is recognized in advance of our right to receive consideration (i.e., we must satisfy additional performance obligations in order to receive consideration). Amounts are recorded as receivables when our right to consideration is unconditional (i.e., only the passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due). Our contract assets are recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. To the extent that our customers are billed for our solutions and services in advance of us satisfying the related performance obligations, we record such amounts in deferred revenue. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 See Note 10 to these consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our derivative instruments. 
 
 As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were no significant concentrations with respect to our consolidated revenues or accounts receivable. 
 There was capitalized interest applicable to construction-in-progress for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 76 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Based on our current internal reporting structure, we currently have one operating segment, one reportable segment, and one reporting unit. In each of 2022, 2021 and 2020, we performed the quantitative impairment test, which indicated that the estimated fair values of the identified reporting units significantly exceeded their respective carrying values. There was impairment of goodwill during 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 - 
 Marketing assets 
 - 
 Developed technology 
 - 
 Content 
 
 (1) 
 Substantially all of our intangible assets were acquired in business combinations. See Note 6 to these consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our impairment of certain intangible assets during 2022. There were impairments of acquired intangible assets during 2021 and 2020. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

See Note 6 to these consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our impairment of certain long-lived assets during 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 78 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net foreign currency gain of million. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we recorded net foreign currency losses that were million and million, respectively. 
 to years. We evaluate the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and test for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. See Note 6 to these consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our impairment of certain capitalized software development costs during 2022 and 2020. There were impairment charges related to capitalized software or content development costs during 2021. We write off the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization balances for all fully amortized software and content development cost assets. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) 2021 
 ) 2020 
 ) 
 Our allowance for credit losses decreased during the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to improvement in the aging of accounts receivable and write-offs during 2022 of aged receivables primarily generated during the COVID-19 pandemic. The amount of write-offs during the year ended December 31, 2021 was higher than during 2020 as we temporarily suspended sending past due customer accounts to collections during the second and third quarters of 2020 due to payment delays related to COVID-19. 
 Allowance for sales returns 
 We maintain a reserve for returns and credits which is estimated based on several factors including historical experience, known credits yet to be issued, the aging of customer accounts and the nature of service level commitments. A considerable amount of judgment is required in assessing these factors. Provisions for sales returns and credits are charged against the related revenue items. 
 Below is a summary of the changes in our allowance for sales returns. 
 Years ended December 31, (in thousands) Balance at beginning of year Provision/ adjustment Deduction Balance at end of year 2022 
 ) 2021 
 ) 2020 
 ) 
 
 , which were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 80 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, subject to closing adjustments. We expect the sale of these solutions to allow us to reduce complexity and focus on innovation within our core products as we execute our strategic growth plans. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a noncash impairment charge of million against certain insignificant FIMS customer relationship intangible assets that were then held for sale. The impairment charge was recorded in general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized an insignificant loss on the disposal of FIMS held for sale assets and liabilities. 
 2022 Acquisition 
 Kilter 
 On August 19, 2022, we acquired all of the outstanding stock of Kilter, Inc., a Delaware corporation, pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger, for approximately million in cash, subject to closing adjustments. The acquisition of Kilter's mobile application will allow us to expand activity-based peer-to-peer fundraising engagement, to support activity-based health and wellness initiatives for socially responsible companies, and to grow the ways individuals can connect with the causes they care about most through the activities they love. In addition to the consideration paid at closing, we may be required to pay up to a maximum of million in additional cash consideration if during the two-year period commencing January 1, 2023 Kilter meets certain application participation targets. A liability for the contingent consideration was recorded at its acquisition-date fair value of million in other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. Any change in the fair value of the contingent liability, or any change upon final settlement, will be recognized in income from operations. Fair values were also assigned to the other assets acquired and liabilities assumed, primarily consisting of goodwill and a finite-lived developed technology intangible asset, which will be amortized over an estimated useful life of three years. The fair values are based on our best estimates and assumptions as of the reporting date and are considered preliminary pending finalization. Insignificant acquisition-related costs, which primarily consisted of legal services, were recorded as general and administrative expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million in cash consideration and shares of our common stock, valued at approximately million, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, net of closing adjustments. The cash consideration and related expenses were funded primarily through cash on hand and new borrowings under the 2020 Credit Facility (as defined below). As a result of the acquisition, EVERFI has become a wholly owned subsidiary of ours. The operating results of EVERFI have been included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred insignificant acquisition-related expenses associated with the acquisition, which were recorded in general and administrative expense. In accordance with applicable accounting rules, we determined that the impact of this acquisition was not material to our consolidated financial statements; therefore, revenue and earnings since the acquisition date and pro forma information are not required or presented. We finalized the purchase price allocation of EVERFI, including the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 Additions related to business combination (1) 
 Adjustments related to prior year business combination (2) 
 ) Adjustments related to dispositions (3) 
 ) Effect of foreign currency translation ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 82 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Marketing assets Developed technology Content Total finite-lived gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization Customer relationships ) ) Marketing assets ) ) Developed technology ) ) Content ) Total accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, changes to the gross carrying amounts of intangible asset classes were primarily related to our business acquisitions and disposals as described in Note 3 to these consolidated financial statements, write-offs of fully amortized intangible assets and the effect of foreign currency translation. 
 Amortization expense 
 Amortization expense related to finite-lived intangible assets acquired in business combinations is allocated to cost of revenue on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income based on the revenue stream to which the asset contributes, except for marketing assets and non-compete agreements, for which the associated amortization expense is included in operating expenses. 
 Cost of one-time services and other Total included in cost of revenue Included in operating expenses Total amortization of intangibles from business combinations 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total Denominator: Weighted average common shares Add effect of dilutive securities: Stock-based awards Weighted average common shares assuming dilution (Loss) earnings per share: Basic ) Diluted ) Anti-dilutive shares excluded from calculations of diluted (loss) earnings per share 
 Diluted loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 was the same as basic loss per share as there was a net loss in the period and inclusion of potentially dilutive securities was anti-dilutive. 
 84 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Foreign currency forward contracts Total financial assets Fair value as of December 31, 2022 Derivative instruments: 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Contingent consideration obligations Total financial liabilities Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Derivative instruments: 
 Interest rate swaps Total financial assets 
 Our derivative instruments within the scope of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 815, Derivatives and Hedging , are required to be recorded at fair value. Our derivative instruments that are recorded at fair value include interest rate swaps and foreign currency forward contracts. See Note 10 to these consolidated financial statements for additional information about our derivative instruments. 
 The fair value of our interest rate swaps and foreign currency forward contracts are based on model-driven valuations using Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") rates and foreign currency forward rates, respectively, which are observable at commonly quoted intervals. Accordingly, our interest rate swaps and foreign currency forward contracts are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Our financial contracts that were indexed to LIBOR were modified to reference SOFR during the three months ended September 30, 2022. These modifications did not have a significant financial impact. 
 Contingent consideration obligations arise from business acquisitions. The fair values are based on discounted cash flow analyses reflecting a probability-weighted assessment approach derived from the likelihood of possible achievement of specified performance measures or events and captures the contractual nature of the contingencies, commercial risk, and the time value of money. As the fair value measurements for our contingent consideration obligations contain significant unobservable inputs, they are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. See Note 3 to these consolidated financial statements for additional information about our contingent consideration obligations. 
 We believe the carrying amounts of our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, trade accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities and due to customers approximate their fair values at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, due to the immediate or short-term maturity of these instruments. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million against certain previously capitalized software development costs, million against certain insignificant customer relationship intangible assets that were held for sale, million against certain operating lease ROU assets and insignificant impairment charges against certain property and equipment assets. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded impairment charges of million against certain property and equipment assets and million against certain operating lease ROU assets. See Notes 7 and 11, respectively, to these consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded impairment charges of million against certain previously capitalized software development costs and million against our operating lease ROU assets. See Notes 7 and 11, respectively, to these consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 There were no other non-recurring fair value adjustments during 2022, 2021 and 2020 except for certain business combination accounting adjustments to the initial fair value estimates of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date from updated estimates and assumptions during the measurement period. See Note 3 to these consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 86 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Building Building improvements 
 - 
 Equipment - 
 Computer hardware - 
 Computer software - 
 Construction in progress Furniture and fixtures - 
 Leasehold improvements Lesser of lease term or estimated useful life Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded insignificant noncash impairment char ges against certain property and equipment assets. These impairment charges resulted primarily from our decision to cease using a portion of our leased office space and are reflected in general and administrative expense on the statements of comprehensive income. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded impairment char ges of million against certain property and equipment assets. These impairment charges resulted primarily from our decision to close our Austin office and are reflected in general and administrative expense on the statements of comprehensive income. 
 Software and content development costs 
 - 
 Content development costs 
 
 Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Software and content development costs, net 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, we recorded noncash impairment charges of million and million, respectively, against certain previously capitalized software development costs that reduced the carrying value of those assets to zero. The impairment charges were reflected in general and administrative expense and cost of recurring revenue, respectively, on the statements of comprehensive income. These impairment charges resulted primarily from our decision to accelerate the end of customer support for certain solutions. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included primarily in cost of recurring. 
 
 Letters of credit for operating leases Real estate escrow balances and other Total restricted cash 
 Prepaid software maintenance and subscriptions (3) 
 Derivative instruments Implementation costs for cloud computing arrangements, net (4)(5) 
 Unbilled accounts receivable Prepaid insurance Taxes, prepaid and receivable Deferred tax assets Receivables for probable insurance recoveries (6)(7) 
 Other assets Total prepaid expenses and other assets Less: Long-term portion Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 (1) million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in sales, marketing and customer success expense in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 (2) million and million, respectively. 
 (3) million and million, respectively. 
 (4) 
 (5) million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accumulated amortization for these costs was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 88 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Taxes payable (2) 
 Customer credit balances Operating lease liabilities, current portion Accrued commissions and salaries Accrued transaction-based costs related to payments services Contingent consideration liability (3) 
 Accrued health care costs Accrued vacation costs Accrued bonuses Unrecognized tax benefit Amounts payable to former EVERFI option holders (4) 
 Other liabilities Total accrued expenses and other liabilities Less: Long-term portion Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 Currency revaluation gains (losses) ) ) Other income, net Other income, net 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Term loans Real estate loans Other debt Total debt Less: Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs Less: Debt, current portion Debt, net of current portion 
 2020 refinancing 
 We were previously party to a -year million credit facility entered into during June 2017. The credit facility included: a dollar and a designated currency revolving credit facility with sublimits for letters of credit, swingline loans and multicurrency borrowings (the 2017 Revolving Facility and a term loan (the 2017 Term Loan together, (the 2017 Credit Facility ). 
 In October 2020, we entered into a -year million Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the 2020 Credit Facility ). The 2020 Credit Facility matures in October 2025 and replaced the 2017 Credit Facility by amending and restating it to include a million revolving credit facility (the 2020 Revolving Facility and a million term loan facility (the 2020 Term Loan ). Upon closing, we borrowed million pursuant to the 2020 Term Loan and used the proceeds to repay the outstanding principal balance of the term loan under the 2017 Credit Facility, and repay million of outstanding revolving credit loans under the 2017 Revolving Facility. 
 In connection with the amendment and restatement of the 2017 Credit Facility, the existing Pledge Agreement dated June 2, 2017, by us in favor of Bank of Am erica, N.A., as administrative agent, was likewise amended and restated. 
 Certain lenders of the 2020 Term Loan participated in the 2017 Term Loan and the change in present value of our future cash flows to these lenders under the 2017 Term Loan and under the 2020 Term Loan was less than 10 . Accordingly, we accounted for the refinancing event as a debt modification. Certain lenders of the 2017 Term Loan did not participate in the 2020 Term Loan. Accordingly, we accounted for the refinancing event for these lenders as a debt extinguishment. Certain lenders of the 2017 Revolving Facility participated in the 2020 Revolving Facility and provided increased borrowing capacities. Accordingly, we accounted for the refinancing event for these lenders as a debt modification. Certain lenders of the 2017 Revolving Facility did not participate in the 2020 Revolving Facility. Accordingly, we accounted for the refinancing event for these lenders as a debt extinguishment. 
 We recorded an insignificant loss on debt extinguishment related to the write-off of debt discount and deferred financing costs for the portions of t he 2017 Credit Facility considered to be extinguished. This loss was recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income within other income, net. 
 Summary of the 2020 Credit Facility 
 The 2020 Revolving Facility includes (i) a million sublimit available for the issuance of standby letters of credit, (ii) a million sublimit available for swingline loans, and (iii) a million sublimit available for multicurrency borrowings. 
 Our obligations under the 2020 Credit Facility are secured by the stock and limited liability company interests of certain of our direct subsidiaries and any of our material domestic subsidiaries, if any, and the proceeds therefrom pledged pursuant to an Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement dated as of October 30, 2020, by us in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, for the ratable benefit of itself and the secured parties referred to therein. 
 90 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million plus an amount, if any, such that the net leverage ratio shall be no greater than to 1.00. At December 31, 2022, our available borrowing capacity under the 2020 Credit Facility was million. 
 
 First Amendment to 2020 Credit Facility 
 On January 31, 2022, we entered into the First Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Amendment ). The Amendment amended the 2020 Credit Facility to, among other things, (i) modify the definition of Applicable Margin , (ii) modify the net leverage ratio financial covenant to require a net leverage ratio of (A) :1.00 or less for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2021 and for fiscal quarters ending thereafter through December 31, 2023 and (B) :1.00 or less for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2024 and thereafter, (iii) reset the million fixed dollar basket with respect to the accordion feature and (iv) modify certain negative covenants to provide additional operational flexibility. 
 
 LIBOR Transition Amendment 
 On August 26, 2022, we entered into a LIBOR Transition Amendment (the "LIBOR Amendment"). The LIBOR Amendment amended the 2020 Credit Facility, as previously amended, to change the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to SOFR (as defined therein). The LIBOR Amendment did not change any terms of the 2020 Credit Facility unrelated to reference rate reform. 
 After giving effect to both the First Amendment and the LIBOR Transition Amendment, dollar denominated loans under the 2020 Revolving Facility and the 2020 Term Loan bear interest based on, at our election, either (a) the Base Rate (as defined below) or (b) Term SOFR (as defined below), in each case, plus an applicable margin. "Base Rate" is defined as a rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus , (ii) the prime rate announced by Bank of America, N.A., and (iii) Term SOFR plus . "Term SOFR" is defined as a rate per annum equal to the forward-looking term rate based on the secured overnight financing rate plus a credit sensitive adjustment of for a one month tenor, for a three month tenor or for a six month tenor, as applicable, in each case, per annum. The applicable margin is adjusted quarterly based on our net leverage ratio and ranges from to for Base Rate loans and to for Term SOFR loans, in each case, per annum. 
 Sterling denominated loans under the 2020 Revolving Facility bear interest based on SONIA plus an applicable margin. "SONIA" is defined as a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the fifth Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page plus a credit sensitive adjustment of per annum. The applicable margin is adjusted quarterly based on our net leverage ratio and ranges from to per annum. 
 We also pay a quarterly commitment fee on the unused portion of the 2020 Revolving Facility from to per annum, depending on our net leverage ratio. 
 At December 31, 2022, the applicable margin for Term SOFR, SONIA and other Eurocurrency Rate loans under the 2020 Credit Facility was and the commitment fee applicable to the 2020 Revolving Facility was . 
 First Incremental Term Loan 
 On December 31, 2021, we entered into the First Incremental Term Loan Agreement (the "Incremental Amendment"). The Incremental Amendment amends the 2020 Credit Facility and, among other things, provides for a million incremental term loan (the 2021 Incremental Term Loan ). 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 , (ii) the prime rate announced by Bank of America, N.A., and (iii) Daily SOFR Rate plus . Daily SOFR Rate is defined as a rate per annum equal to secured overnight financing rate plus a credit sensitive adjustment of . "Term SOFR (2021 Incremental)" is defined as a rate per annum equal to the forward-looking term rate based on the secured overnight financing rate plus a credit sensitive adjustment of for a one month tenor, for a three month tenor or for a six month tenor, as applicable, in each case, per annum. The applicable margin is adjusted quarterly based on our net leverage ratio and ranges from to for Base Rate (2021 Incremental) loans and to for Daily SOFR Rate loans and Term SOFR (2021 Incremental) loans, in each case, per annum. The 2021 Incremental Term Loan matures in October 2025, which is the maturity date of the existing term loan under the 2020 Credit Facility, and is otherwise subject to substantially the same terms and conditions as the existing term loan under the 2020 Credit Facility. 
 Financing costs 
 In connection with our entry into the 2020 Credit Facility, we paid million in financing costs, of which million were capitalized in other assets and, together with a portion of the unamortized deferred financing costs from the 2017 Credit Facility and prior facilities, are being amortized into interest expense over the term of the new facility. We recorded aggregate financing costs of million as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of our debt liability, which related to debt discount (fees paid to lenders) and debt issuance costs for the 2020 Term Loan. 
 In connection with our entry into the 2021 Incremental Term Loan, we paid million in financing costs which were recorded as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of our debt liability. 
 As of December 31, 2022, deferred financing costs totaling million were included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Financing for EVERFI acquisition 
 On December 31, 2021, we acquired EVERFI for approximately million in cash consideration and shares of the company's common stock, valued at approximately million, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, net of closing adjustments. We financed the cash consideration and related expenses through cash on hand and new borrowings u nder the 2020 Credit Facility , including million under the First Incremental Term Loan (as defined above). 
 Real estate loans 
 In August 2020, we completed the purchase of our global headquarters facility. As part of the purchase price, we assumed the Seller s obligations under (i) a Senior Secured Note, Series A1, in the outstanding principal amount of million, dated May 2, 2018, and (ii) a Senior Secured Note, Series A2, in the outstanding principal amount of million, dated May 2, 2018, or an aggregate outstanding principal amount of million (collectively, the Real Estate Loans ). The Series A1 Note provides that we will pay the remaining principal amount due thereunder together with interest thereon at the rate indicated above, in monthly installments until it matures in April 2038. The Series A2 Note provides that we pay interest only in monthly installments at the rate indicated above with the principal amount due at maturity in April 2038. The Real Estate Loans are secured by a first priority lien on the real property constituting the global headquarters facility. Our assumption of the Real Estate Loans was a noncash investing and financing transaction and is reflected in our supplemental disclosure of cash flow information. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our debt covenants under the Real Estate Loans. 
 Other debt 
 From time to time, we enter into third-party financing agreements for purchases of software and related services for our internal use. Generally, the agreements are non-interest-bearing notes requiring annual payments. Interest associated with the notes is imputed at the rate we would incur for amounts borrowed under our then-existing credit facility at the inception of the notes. Our assumption of these loans are noncash financing transactions and are reflected in our supplemental disclosure of cash flow information. 
 92 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 2022 39 3 January 2023 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total required maturities 
 
 million. All of the contracts have maturities on or before October 2024. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2022, we entered into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge revenues denominated in the Canadian Dollar ("CAD") against changes in the exchange rate with the United States Dollar ("USD"). We designated each of the forwards as cash flow hedges at the inception of the contracts. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate notional values of the foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges that we held to buy USD in exchange for Canadian Dollars were million CAD. All of the contracts have maturities of 12 months or less. We did not have foreign currency forward contracts as of December 31, 2021. 
 Net investment hedges 
 We have entered into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of the foreign currency exposure that arises on translation of our investments denominated in British Pounds ("GBP") into USD. We designated each of these foreign currency forward contracts as net investment hedges at the inception of the contracts. As of December 31, 2022, we had million of foreign currency forward contracts designated as net investment hedges to reduce the volatility of the U.S. dollar value of a portion of our GBP-denominated investments. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Interest rate swaps, long-term 
 Other assets Other liabilities Total derivative instruments designated as hedging instruments 
 Interest expense Foreign currency forward contracts Revenue Net Investment Hedge Foreign currency forward contracts ) December 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, 2021 Cash Flow Hedges Interest rate swaps Interest expense ) December 31, 2020 Year ended December 31, 2020 Interest rate swaps ) Interest expense ) 
 Our policy requires that derivatives used for hedging purposes be designated and effective as a hedge of the identified risk exposure at the inception of the contract. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) includes unrealized gains or losses from the change in fair value measurement of our derivative instruments each reporting period and the related income tax expense or benefit. Excluding net investment hedges, changes in the fair value measurements of the derivative instruments and the related income tax expense or benefit are reflected as adjustments to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the actual hedged expense is incurred or until the hedge is terminated at which point the unrealized gain (loss) is reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to current earnings. For net investment hedges, changes in the fair value measurements of the derivative instruments and the related income tax expense or benefit are reflected as adjustments to translation adjustment, a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), and recognized in earnings only when the hedged GBP investment is liquidated. The estimated accumulated other comprehensive income as of December 31, 2022 that is expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next twelve months is million. There were ineffective portions of our interest rate swap or foreign currency forward derivatives during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. See Note 14 to these consolidated financial statements for a summary of the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component. We classify cash flows related to derivative instruments as operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 We did t have any undesignated derivative instruments during 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 94 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million. These operating leases are expected to commence during 2023 with lease terms of years. 
 With the acquisition of EVERFI, we assumed a lease for office space in Washington, D.C. At December 31, 2022, we had a standby letter of credit of million for a security deposit for this lease. 
 Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Net lease cost 
 (1) 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we recorded noncash impairment charges of million against certain operating lease ROU assets resulting primarily from our decision to cease using a portion of our leased office space. These charges are reflected in general and administrative expense on the statements of comprehensive income. 
 In October 2021, we made the decision to permanently close our fixed office locations (with the exception of our global headquarters facility in Charleston, South Carolina), effective in December 2021. This change was intended to align our real estate footprint with our transition to a remote-first workforce. We enter into arrangements for smaller more flexible workspaces where ne cessary. As a result, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, we reduced the estimated useful lives of our operating lease ROU assets for certain of our office locations we expected to exit. We recorded million in incremental operating lease costs during 2021 related to this change in accounting estimate. For these same office locations, we also reduced the estimated useful lives of certain facilities-related fixed assets, which resulted in incremental depreciation expense of million during 2021 (see Note 7 to these consolidated financial statements). During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, we also recorded million in impairments of op erating lease ROU assets associated with certain leased office spaces we have ceased using as a result of our adjusted workforce strategy. These impairment charges are reflected in general and administrative expense. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, we reduced the estimated useful lives of our operating lease ROU assets for certain of our office locations we expected to exit. We recorded million in incremental operating lease costs during 2020 related to this change in accounting estimate, which accounts for a substantial portion of the increase in operating lease costs during 2020. For these same office locations, we also reduced the estimated useful lives of certain facilities-related fixed assets, which resulted in incremental depreciation expense of million during 2020 (see Note 7 to these consolidated financial statements). During the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 , we also recorded million in impairments of op erating lease ROU assets associated with certain leased office spaces we ceased using. These impairment charges are reflected in general and administrative expense. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Amount representing interest Present value of future payments 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Total operating lease liabilities 
 The weighted average remaining lease terms and discount rates were as follows: 
 (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Operating leases Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations (non-cash): Operating leases 
 (1) 
 Other commitments 
 The term loans under the 2020 Credit Facility require periodic principal payments. The balance of the term loans and any amounts drawn on the revolving credit loans are due upon maturity of the 2020 Credit Facility in October 2025. The Real Estate Loans also require periodic principal payments and the balance of the Real Estate Loans are due upon maturity in April 2038. 
 96 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million through 2027. 
 Solution and service indemnifications 
 In the ordinary course of business, we provide certain indemnifications of varying scope to customers against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third parties arising from the use of our solutions or services. We have not identified any losses that might be covered by these indemnifications 
 Legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable. However, we believe that we have valid defenses with respect to the legal matters pending or threatened against us and intend to defend ourselves vigorously against all claims asserted. It is possible that our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be materially negatively affected in any particular period by an unfavorable resolution of one or more of such legal proceedings. 
 Security incident 
 As previously disclosed, we are subject to risks and uncertainties as a result of a ransomware attack against us in May 2020 in which a cybercriminal removed a copy of a subset of data from our self-hosted environment (the "Security Incident"). Based on the nature of the Security Incident, our research and third party (including law enforcement) investigation, we do not believe that any data went beyond the cybercriminal, has been misused, or has been disseminated or otherwise made available publicly. Our investigation into the Security Incident by our cybersecurity team and third-party forensic advisors remains ongoing. 
 As a result of the Security Incident, we are currently subject to certain legal proceedings, claims and investigations, as discussed below, and could be the subject of additional legal proceedings, claims, inquiries and investigations in the future that might result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other resolution. To limit our exposure to losses related to claims against us, including data breaches such as the Security Incident, we maintain million of insurance abo ve a thousand deductible payable by us. As noted below, this coverage has reduced our financial exposure related to the Security Incident. 
 Offsetting probable insurance recoveries ) ) ) Net expense 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Cumulative offsetting insurance recoveries recognized ) ) ) Cumulative net expense Cumulative offsetting insurance recoveries paid ) ) ) 
 Recorded expenses have consisted primarily of payments to third-party service providers and consultants, including legal fees, as well as settlements of customer claims and accruals for certain loss contingencies. Not included in the expenses discussed above were costs associated with enhancements to our cybersecurity program. We present expenses and insurance recoveries related to the Security Incident in general and administrative expense on o ur consolidated statements of comprehensive income and as operating activities on our consolidated statements of cash flows. Total costs related to the Security Incident exceeded the limit of our insurance coverage during the first quarter of 2022. We expect to continue to experience significant expenses related to our response to the Security Incident, resolution of legal proceedings, claims and investigations, including those discussed below, and our efforts to further enhance our cybersecurity measures. For full year 2022, we incurred net pre-tax expense of million and had net cash outlays of million for ongoing legal fees related to the Security Incident. In line with our policy, legal fees, are expensed as incurred. For full year 2023, we currently expect net pre-tax expense of approximately million to million and net cash outlays of approximately million to million for ongoing legal fees related to the Security Incident. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have recorded approximately million in aggregate liabilities for loss contingencies based primarily on recent negotiations with certain governmental agencies related to the Security Incident that we believe we can reasonably estimate. It is reasonably possible that our estimated or actual losses may change in the near term for those matters and be materially in excess of the amounts accrued, but we are unable at this time to reasonably estimate the possible additional loss. 
 There are other Security Incident-related matters, including customer claims, customer constituent class actions and governmental investigations, for which we have not recorded a liability for a loss contingency as of December 31, 2022 because we are unable at this time to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss. Each of these matters could, separately or in the aggregate, result in an adverse judgement, settlement, fine, penalty or other resolution, the amount, scope and timing of which we are currently unable to predict, but could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Customer claims. To date, we have received approximately specific requests for reimbursement of expenses, approximately (or of which have been fully resolved and closed. We have also received approximately reservations of the right to seek expense recovery in the future from customers or their attorneys in the U.S., U.K. and Canada related to the Security Incident. We have also received notices of proposed claims on behalf of a number of UK data subjects, which we are reviewing. In addition, insurance companies representing various customers interests through subrogation claims have contacted us, and certain insurance companies have filed subrogation claims in court. Customer and insurer subrogation claims generally seek reimbursement of their costs and expenses associated with notifying their own customers of the Security Incident and taking steps to assure that personal information has not been compromised as a result of the Security Incident. Our review of customer and subrogation claims includes analyzing individual customer contracts into which we have entered, the specific claims made and applicable law. 
 Customer constituent class actions . Presently, we are a defendant in putative consumer class action cases [ in U.S. federal courts (which have been consolidated under multi district litigation to a single federal court) and in Canadian courts] alleging harm from the Security Incident. The plaintiffs in these cases, who purport to represent various classes of individual constituents of our customers, generally claim to have been harmed by alleged actions and/or omissions by us in connection with the Security Incident and assert a variety of common law and statutory claims seeking monetary damages, injunctive relief, costs and attorneys fees and other related relief. 
 98 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 state Attorneys General and the District of Columbia, a separate Civil Investigative Demand from the office of the Indiana Attorney General and a separate Civil Investigative Demand from the office of the California Attorney General relating to the Security Incident. We have been in discussions, directly with certain Attorneys General or indirectly through an executive committee of the multi-state group of Attorneys General, about potential resolution of issues arising from these investigations. Although we are hopeful that we can resolve these matters on acceptable terms, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so on terms acceptable to us and to any or all such states. 
 We also are subject to the following pending governmental actions: 
 an investigation by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission; 
 a formal investigation by the SEC; 
 an investigation by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; 
 an investigation by the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner; and 
 an investigation by the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada. 
 We have been in discussions with the SEC Staff about potential resolution of issues arising from their investigation. Although we are hopeful that we can resolve the matter on acceptable terms, there is no assurance that we will be able to resolve the matter on terms acceptable to us and the SEC. 
 On September 28, 2021, the Information Commissioner s Office in the United Kingdom under the U.K. Data Protection Act 2018 (the "ICO") notified us that it has closed its investigation of the Security Incident. Based on its investigation and having considered our actions before, during and after the Security Incident, the ICO issued our European subsidiary a reprimand in accordance with Article 58(2)(b) of the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation ("U.K. GDPR") due to our non-compliance, in the ICO's view, with the requirements set out in Article 32 of the U.K. GDPR regarding the processing of personal data. The ICO did not impose a penalty related to the Security Incident, nor did it impose any requirements for further action by us. 
 On September 24, 2021, we received notice from the Spanish Data Protection Authority that it has concluded its investigation of the Security Incident, pursuant to which our European subsidiary paid a penalty of in relation to the alleged late notification of two Spanish data controllers regarding the Security Incident. 
 On January 15, 2021, we were notified by the Data Protection Commission of Ireland that it has concluded its investigation of the Security Incident without taking any action against us. 
 We continue to cooperate with all ongoing investigations, which include various requests for documents, policies, narratives and communications, as well as requests to interview or depose various Company-related personnel. As noted above, each of these separate governmental investigations could result in adverse judgements, settlements, fines, penalties or other resolution, the amount, scope and timing of which we are currently unable to predict, but could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) ) U.S. State and local ) International Total current taxes Deferred taxes: U.S. Federal ) ) ) U.S. State and local ) International ) Total deferred taxes ) ) Total income tax (benefit) provision )) ) ) International Income before provision for income taxes ) 
 100 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Effect of: State income taxes, net of federal benefit Change in foreign income tax rate applied to deferred tax balances Change in state income tax rate applied to deferred tax balances Nondeductible security incident-related fines or penalties 
 ) Section 162(m) limitation ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Change in valuation reserve (primarily state credit reserves) ) GILTI inclusion ) Nondeductible meals, entertainment and transportation ) Acquisition costs DTA Adjustment NOLs ) Unrecognized tax benefit ) Foreign tax rate ) ) Return to accrual adjustment ) ) FDII benefit State credits, net of federal benefit ) ) Federal credits generated ) ) Other Income tax provision effective rate 
 The decrease in our effective income tax rate for year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the same period in 2021, was primarily attributable to current-year non-deductible accruals for loss contingencies related to the Security Incident, stock-based compensation shortfall partially offset by increased tax credits and impact of tax rate decreases. The 2021 effective income tax rate was positively impacted by benefit attributable to stock-based compensation windfall net of tax expense resulting from impact of UK corporate rate increase. The year-on-year comparison is further impacted by 2022 pre-tax loss versus income in prior periods. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Federal, state and foreign tax credits Stock-based compensation Operating leases Allowance for credit losses Intangible assets Deferred revenue Accrued bonuses Capitalized R D and software costs 
 Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities relating to: Intangible assets ) ) Capitalized software and content development costs 
 ) Costs of obtaining contracts ) ) Operating leases ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, our federal, foreign and state net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately million, million and million, respectively. Of our federal net operating loss carryforwards, million are subject to expiration beginning in 2023 while the remainder have an unlimited carryforward period. The state net operating loss carryforwards are subject to various applicable state tax laws. If not utilized, the state net operating loss carryforwards will expire over various periods beginning in 2023. Of our foreign net operating loss carryforwards, thousand expires in 2024 with the remainder having an unlimited carryforward period. Our federal tax credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately million. Our state tax credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately million, net of federal benefit. If not utilized, the federal tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2039 and the state tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2023. A portion of the foreign and state net operating loss carryforwards and state credit carryforwards have a valuation reserve due to management's uncertainty regarding the future ability to use such carryforwards. 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize research and experimental expenditures under Section 174 of the Internal Revenue Code for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021. Accordingly, our historic deferred tax liability attributable to capitalized software has become a deferred tax asset as a result of capitalization for tax purposes. 
 102 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2021 2020 
 Increases from prior period positions Decreases in prior year positions ) ) ) Increases from current period positions Settlements (payments) ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefit that, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective tax rate was million at December 31, 2022. Certain prior period amounts relating to our 2014 acquisitions were covered under indemnification agreements and, therefore, had a corresponding indemnification asset. Due to lapse of statute of limitations, the indemnified unrecognized tax benefit was released in 2022 resulting in income tax benefit with offsetting expense included in pretax income from corresponding release of indemnification asset. We recognize accrued interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. The total amount of accrued interest and penalties included in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was insignificant. The total amount of interest and penalties included in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income as an increase or decrease in income tax expense for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was insignificant. 
 We have taken federal and state tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits might decrease within the next twelve months. This possible decrease could result from the expiration of statutes of limitations. The reasonably possible decrease at December 31, 2022 was insignificant. 
 For our undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries, which we do not consider to be significant, we concluded that these earnings would be permanently reinvested in the local jurisdictions and not repatriated to the United States. Accordingly, we have not provided for U.S. state income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on those undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. If some or all of such earnings were to be remitted, the amount of taxes payable would be insignificant. 
 
 as of December 31, 2022. We issue common stock from our pool of authorized stock upon exercise of stock options and stock appreciation rights, vesting of restricted stock units or upon granting of restricted stock. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Time-based restricted stock units Performance-based restricted stock units 
 Awards granted to our executive officers and certain members of management are subject to accelerated vesting upon a change in control as defined in the employees retention agreement. 
 Expense recognition 
 We recognize compensation expense associated with stock options and awards with performance or market based vesting conditions on an accelerated basis over the requisite service period of the individual grantees, which generally equals the vesting period. We recognize compensation expense associated with restricted stock awards and SARs on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the individual grantees, which generally equals the vesting period. We recognize the effect of awards for which the requisite service period is not rendered when the award is forfeited (that is, we recognize the effect of forfeitures in compensation cost when they occur). Previously recognized compensation cost for an award is reversed in the period that the award is forfeited. 
 Stock-based compensation expense is allocated to cost of revenue and operating expenses on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income based on where the associated employee s compensation is recorded. 
 Cost of one-time services and other Total included in cost of revenue Included in operating expenses: Sales, marketing and customer success Research and development General and administrative Total included in operating expenses Total stock-based compensation expense 
 The total amount of compensation cost related to unvested awards not recognized was million at December 31, 2022. It is expected that this amount will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 104 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 years from the grant date subject to the recipient s continued employment with us. Restricted stock awards granted to non-employee directors vest after one year from the date of grant or, if earlier, immediately prior to the next annual election of directors, provided the non-employee director is serving as a director at that time. The fair market value of the stock at the time of the grant is amortized on a straight-line basis to expense over the period of vesting. Recipients of restricted stock awards have the right to vote such shares and receive dividends, if declared. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 (1) 
 The total fair value of restricted stock awards that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The weighted average grant-date fair value of restricted stock awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 
 Restricted stock units 
 We have also granted restricted stock units subject to certain restrictions under the 2016 Equity Plan. Restricted stock units granted to employees vest in equal annual installments generally over years from the grant date subject to the recipient s continued employment with us. We have also granted restricted stock units for which vesting is subject to meeting certain performance conditions. The fair market value of the stock at the time of the grant is amortized to expense on a straight-line basis over the period of vesting except for awards with performance conditions, which are amortized on an accelerated basis over the period of vesting. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 (1) 
 The total fair value of time-based restricted stock units that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of time-based restricted stock units granted for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 (1) The intrinsic value is calculated as the market value as of the end of the fiscal period. 
 The total fair value of performance-based restricted stock units that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of performance-based restricted stock units granted for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 
 
 t purchase any shares. In December 2021, our Board of Directors reauthorized and replenished our stock repurchase program that authorizes us to purchase up to million of our outstanding shares of common stock. The remaining amount available to purchase stock under the stock repurchase program was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 106 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) ) By component: Gains and losses on cash flow hedges: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) balance, beginning of period ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications, net of tax effects of ), ) and 
 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Tax expense (benefit) included in provision for income taxes ) ) Total amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) balance, end of period ) Foreign currency translation adjustment: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) balance, beginning of period ) Translation adjustment ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income balance, end of period ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), end of period ) 
 
 and of their salaries in 2022, 2021 and 2020. We match of qualified employees contributions up to of their salary. The 401K Plan also provides for additional employer contributions to be made at our discretion. We suspended our 401(k) match program between April 1, 2020 and December 31, 2020 in response to COVID-19. Total matching contributions to the 401K Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 In December 2020, we made a discretionary matching contribution to eligible employees 401(k) plans totaling million, given our financial performance during the fourth quarter. There were discretionary contributions by us to the 401K Plan in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Other countries Total long-lived assets 
 
 See Note 17 to these consolidated financial statements for information about our revenues by geographic region. 
 
 billion of revenue is expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations. We expect to recognize revenue on approximately of these remaining performance obligations over the next months, with the remainder recognized thereafter. 
 We applied the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-50-14 and have excluded the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less (one-time services); and (ii) contracts for which we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed (transactional revenue). 
 We also applied the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-65-1-(f)(3), whereby the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations, or an explanation of when we expect to recognize that amount as revenue for all reporting periods presented before the date of the initial application, is not disclosed. 
 Contract balances 
 Our contract assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were insignificant. 
 
 The increase in deferred revenue during 2022 was primarily due to new subscription sales of our cloud solutions and, to a lesser extent, progress in initiatives to bring our pricing in line with the market. The amount of revenue recognized during 2022 that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period was approximately million . The amount of revenue recognized during 2022 from performance obligations satisfied in prior periods was insignificant . 
 Disaggregation of revenue 
 We sell our cloud solutions and related services in three primary geographical markets: to customers in the United States, to customers in the United Kingdom and to customers located in other countries. 
 United Kingdom Other countries Total revenue 
 108 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Corporate Sector 
 Total revenue 
 
 Transactional recurring Total recurring revenue 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) are designed only to provide reasonable assurance that they will meet their objectives. As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide the reasonable assurance discussed above. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in internal control over financial reporting occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 with respect to our operations that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) . Based on this evaluation under the Internal Control - Integrated Framework , management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 110 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

PART III. 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by Item 10 with respect to Directors and Executive Officers is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Election of Directors, Information Regarding Meetings of the Board and Committees, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Code of Ethics, contained in Blackbaud s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected to be held on June 14, 2023, except for "Information about our Executive Officers" which is set forth in Part I of this report. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions "Director Compensation," Executive Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, 2022 Summary Compensation Table, "CEO Pay Ratio" and "Pay Versus Performance" contained in Blackbaud s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected to be held on June 14, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference from information under the captions Stock Ownership and "Equity Compensation Plan Information" contained in Blackbaud s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected to be held on June 14, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Transactions with Related Persons, and Independence of Directors contained in Blackbaud s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected to be held on June 14, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Audit Committee Report, contained in Blackbaud s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected to be held on June 14, 2023. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

PART IV. 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are included as part of the Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 1. Financial statements 
 See the "Index to consolidated financial statements" in Part II Item 8 of this report. 
 There were no retrospective changes to the Consolidated Statement of Operations for any quarters in the two most recent fiscal years that would require disclosure under Item 302, as amended. 
 
 2. Financial statement schedules 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements thereto. 
 
 3. Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this report: 
 Filed In Exhibit Number Description of Document Registrant s Form Dated Exhibit Number Filed Herewith 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reincorporation dated April 6, 2004 
 S-1/A 4/6/2004 2.1 2. 2 
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 30, 2014, by and among MicroEdge Holdings, LLC, Blackbaud, Inc, direct and indirect holders of all of the outstanding equity interests of MicroEdge Holdings, LLC, and VFF I AIV I, L.P., as Sellers Representative 
 8-K 10/2/2014 10.76 2. 3 
 Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2015, by and between Smart Tuition Holdings, LLC and Blackbaud, Inc. 
 8-K 10/8/2015 10.78 2. 4 
 Amendment, Consent and Waiver, Agreement dated as of October 2, 2015, by and between Smart Tuition Holdings, LLC and Blackbaud, Inc. 
 8-K 10/8/2015 10.79 2. 5 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 30, 2021, by and among Blackbaud, Inc., Project Montessori Acquisition, Inc., EverFi, Inc. and Eon Stockholder Representative, LLC 
 8-K 1/3/2022 2.1 3. 1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Blackbaud, Inc. 
 DEF 14A 4/30/2009 3. 2 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Blackbaud, Inc. 
 8-K 10/11/2022 3.1 3. 3 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Blackbaud, Inc. dated August 24, 2022 
 8-K 8/25/2022 3.1 4.1 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 X 4.2 
 Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2022, between Blackbaud, Inc. and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent 
 8-K 10/11/2022 4.1 
 112 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Filed In Exhibit Number Description of Document Registrant s Form Dated Exhibit Number Filed Herewith 10.1 
 Form of Employment Agreement between Blackbaud, Inc. and each of Anthony W. Boor and Kevin W. Mooney 
 10-K 2/27/2013 10.65 10.2 
 Form of Employment Agreement between Blackbaud, Inc. and Jon W. Olson 
 10-K 2/27/2013 10.65 10.3 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 2016 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 
 DEF 14A 4/26/2016 Appendix C 10.4 
 Lease Agreement dated May 16, 2016 between BBHQ1, LLC (a subsidiary of Blackbaud, Inc.) and HPBB1, LLC 
 10-Q 8/4/2016 10.84 10.5 
 First Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2016, between HPBB1, LLC and BBHQ1, LLC (a subsidiary of Blackbaud, Inc.) 
 10-Q 11/4/2016 10.87 10.6 
 Form of Retention Agreement dated as of August 1, 2017 between Blackbaud, Inc. and each of Anthony W. Boor, Kevin P. Gregoire, Kevin R. McDearis, Kevin W. Mooney and Jon W. Olson 
 10-Q 8/4/2017 10.92 10.7 
 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2017, between HPBB1, LLC and BBHQ1, LLC (a subsidiary of Blackbaud, Inc.) 
 10-K 2/20/2018 10.93 10.8 
 Third Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of December 11, 2017, between HPBB1, LLC and BBHQ1, LLC (a subsidiary of Blackbaud, Inc.) 
 10-K 2/20/2018 10.94 10.9 
 Fourth Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2018, between HPBB1, LLC and BBHQ1, LLC (a subsidiary of Blackbaud, Inc.) 
 10-Q 5/4/2018 10.95 10.10 
 Amended and Restated Blackbaud, Inc. 2016 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 
 DEF 14A 4/24/2019 Appendix B 10.11 
 Offer Letter Agreement between Blackbaud, Inc. and Kevin P. Gregoire 
 10-Q 5/3/2019 10.96 10.12 
 Form of Employee Agreement between Blackbaud, Inc. and Kevin P. Gregoire 
 10-Q 5/3/2019 10.97 10.13 
 Fifth Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2020, between HPBB1, LLC and BBHQ1, LLC (a subsidiary of Blackbaud, Inc.) 
 10-Q 8/4/2020 10.1 10.1 4 
 Sixth Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2020, between HPBB1, LLC and BBHQ1, LLC (a subsidiary of Blackbaud, Inc.) 
 10-Q 8/4/2020 10.2 10.1 5 
 Seventh Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2020, between HPBB1, LLC and BBHQ1, LLC (a subsidiary of Blackbaud, Inc.) 
 10-Q 8/4/2020 10.3 10.1 6 
 Eighth Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2020, between HPBB1, LLC and BBHQ1, LLC (a subsidiary of Blackbaud, Inc.) 
 10-Q 8/4/2020 10.4 10.17 
 Ninth Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2020, between HPBB1, LLC and BBHQ1, LLC (a subsidiary of Blackbaud, Inc.) 
 10-Q 8/4/2020 10.5 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Filed In Exhibit Number Description of Document Registrant s Form Dated Exhibit Number Filed Herewith 10.1 8 
 Tenth Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2020, between HPBB1, LLC and BBHQ1, LLC (a subsidiary of Blackbaud, Inc.) 
 10-Q 8/4/2020 10.7 10. 19 
 Eleventh Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2020, between BBHQ1, LLC and BBHQ1, LLC (a subsidiary of Blackbaud, Inc.) 
 10-Q 11/3/2020 10.3 10.2 0 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2020, by and among Blackbaud, Inc., and certain of its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, the lenders referred to therein, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and Issuing Lender, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, and Regions Bank, BBVA USA and Fifth Third Bank, National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents, with BofA Securities, Inc., PNC Bank, National Association, Regions Capital Markets, BBVA USA and Fifth Third Bank, National Association as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 
 10-Q 11/3/2020 10.4 10.2 1 
 Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2020, by Blackbaud, Inc. in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of itself and the secured parties referred to therein 
 10-Q 11/3/2020 10.5 10.2 2 
 Form of Employment Agreement between Blackbaud, Inc. and Kevin McDearis 
 10-Q 5/4/2021 10.1 10.2 3 
 LIBOR Transition Amendment, dated as of September 20, 2021, between Blackbaud, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A. 
 10-Q 11/4/2021 10.1 10.2 4 
 First Incremental Term Loan Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2021, by and among Blackbaud, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Bank of America N.A., as administrative agent 
 8-K 1/3/2022 10.1 10.2 5 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2021, by and among Blackbaud, Inc., EverFi, Inc., TPG Eon, L.P., each other shareholder party thereto and Eon Stockholder Representative, LLC 
 8-K 1/3/2022 10.2 10.2 6 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2022, by and among Blackbaud, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Bank of America N.A., as administrative agent 
 8-K 2/3/2022 10.1 10. 2 7 
 Amended and Restated Blackbaud, Inc. 2016 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 
 DEF 14A 4/19/2022 Appendix B 10. 2 8 
 Amended and Restated Employment and Noncompetition Agreement dated September 20, 2022 between Blackbaud, Inc. and Michael P. Gianoni 
 8-K 9/21/2022 10.1 
 114 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

 Filed In Exhibit Number Description of Document Registrant s Form Dated Exhibit Number Filed Herewith 10.29 
 LIBOR Transition Amendment, dated as of August 26, 2022, between Blackbaud, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A. 
 10-Q 3/1/2022 10.2 10.30 
 Consent Agreement, dated as of January 23, 2023, between Blackbaud, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A. 
 X 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Blackbaud, Inc. 
 X 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 23.2 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 23. 3 
 Consent of Sidley Austin LLP 
 8-K 4/1/2022 23.1 31.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the Instance Document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL Document. X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). X 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Blackbaud, Inc. Signed: February 24, 2023 /S/ MICHAEL P. GIANONI 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and on the dates indicated. 
 /S/ MICHAEL P. GIANONI President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: February 24, 2023 Michael P. Gianoni /S/ ANTHONY W. BOOR Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 Date: February 24, 2023 Anthony W. Boor /S/ ANDREW M. LEITCH Chairman of the Board of Directors Date: February 24, 2023 Andrew M. Leitch /S/ DENEEN DEFIORE Director Date: February 24, 2023 Deneen DeFiore /S/ GEORGE H. ELLIS Director Date: February 24, 2023 George H. Ellis /S/ YOGESH K. GUPTA Director Date: February 24, 2023 Yogesh K. Gupta /S/ RUPAL S. HOLLENBECK Director Date: February 24, 2023 Rupal S. Hollenbeck /S/ D. ROGER NANNEY Director Date: February 24, 2023 D. Roger Nanney /S/ SARAH E. NASH Director Date: February 24, 2023 Sarah E. Nash 
 
 116 
 
 2022 Form 10-K 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 blkb202210-kexx41.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY S 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 General 
 The following is a summary of information concerning the capital stock of Blackbaud, Inc (the Company ), which consists of (i) up to 180,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ), (ii) up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series as may be determined by the Company s board of directors (the Board of Directors in its discretion, and (iii) preferred share purchase rights (the Rights ). The Common Stock and the Rights are registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and are more fully described below. 
 The summaries and descriptions below do not purport to be complete statements of the relevant provisions of the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws and Rights Agreement (as defined below), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part and are entirely qualified by these documents. We encourage you to read the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, Rights Agreement and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL for additional information. 
 Common Stock 
 Voting rights 
 The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by the stockholders, and there are no cumulative voting rights. Generally, all matters to be voted on by stockholders must be approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by all shares of Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy, voting together as a single class, subject to any voting rights granted to holders of any preferred stock provided, however, that in all director elections that are contested, the nominees for election as a director shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. For purposes of the foregoing, an election shall be contested if, as of the tenth day preceding the date of the filing of the Company s definitive proxy statement for such meeting of stockholders, the number of nominees for director exceeds the number of directors to be elected. The Board of Directors is divided into three classes of directors, as described below. 
 Dividend rights 
 The holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratable dividends, if any, payable in cash, in stock or otherwise, as and when declared from time to time by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, subject to any preferential rights that may be applicable to any outstanding preferred stock. 
 Other rights and preferences 
 In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, after payment in full of all outstanding debts and other liabilities, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all remaining assets, subject to prior distribution rights of preferred stock, if any, then outstanding. No shares of Common Stock have preemptive rights or other subscription rights to purchase additional shares of Common Stock. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. All outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 The rights, preferences, and privileges of holders of Common Stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future, as described below. All shares of Common Stock that are acquired by the Company shall be available for reissuance by the Company, at the sole-discretion of the Board of Directors at any time. 
 Transfer agent and registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, and its telephone number is (800) 937-5449. 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 Nasdaq listing 
 The Common Stock is listed for trading on Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol BLKB. 
 Anti-takeover Effects of Delaware Law, Provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and the Rights Agreement 
 Certain provisions of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and the Rights Agreement may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company or deterring tender offers for Common Stock, proxy contests or other takeover attempts, including discouraging attempts that might result in the payment of a premium over the market price for the shares of Common Stock. 
 Delaware anti-takeover law 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, an anti-takeover law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date the person became an interested stockholder, unless 
 the board of directors approved the transaction in which the stockholder became an interested stockholder prior to the date the interested stockholder attained that status 
 when the stockholder became an interested stockholder, he or she or it owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, as well as certain shares owned by employee benefits plans or 
 on or subsequent to the date the business combination is approved by the board of directors, the business combination is authorized by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the voting stock of the corporation at an annual or special meeting of stockholders. 
 Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or is an affiliate or associate of the corporation, and within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. 
 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaw provisions 
 Classified Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is divided into three classes of directors, as nearly equal in number as possible, with each class serving a staggered term of three years. Any vacancy on the Board of Directors, regardless of the reason for the vacancy, may be filled by vote of the majority of the directors then in office, except in the case of a vacancy caused by action of the stockholders, which vacancy may only be filled by the stockholders. Directors may be removed from office at any time with or without cause, but only by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors. The classification of directors will have the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the composition of the Board of Directors and could also discourage a third-party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company, and may maintain the incumbency of the Board of Directors. 
 Advance notice requirement for stockholder proposals, including director nominations. The Bylaws contain an advance notice procedure for stockholders proposals to be brought before a meeting of stockholders, including any proposed nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors. Stockholders at a meeting may only consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting, or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting, who has given to the Company s Secretary timely written notice, in proper form, of the stockholder s intention to bring that business before the meeting, and who has otherwise complied with the Bylaws. Although the Bylaws do not give the Board of Directors the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates for election to the Board of Directors or proposals regarding other business to be conducted at a special or annual meeting of the stockholders, the Bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed, or may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 
 Blank Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to an aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series and to determine, with respect to any such class or series, the designations, powers, preferences and rights of such class or series, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions), redemption prices, liquidation preferences, and the number of shares constituting any class 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 or series or the designation of such class or series, without further vote or action by the stockholders. This preferred stock could have terms that may discourage a potential acquirer from making, without first negotiating with the Board of Directors, an acquisition attempt through which such acquirer may be able to change the composition of the Board of Directors, including a tender offer or other takeover attempt. No shares of preferred stock are currently outstanding. 
 Emergency Special Meeting of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors possesses the authority to call and hold emergency special meetings of the Board of Directors with less than forty-eight hours notice. This power to hold an emergency special meeting of the Board of Directors on short notice could discourage a potential acquirer from launching a bid to acquire majority ownership of the Company, a proxy solicitation in order to replace the current Board of Directors, or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company, as such attempts could quickly be thwarted or denied by the Board of Directors. 
 Stockholder Rights Agreement. As more fully described below, on October 7, 2022, the Company declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase right for each of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The description and terms of these Rights are set forth in the Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2022 (the Rights Agreement ), by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC (the Rights Agent ). Each Right entitles the registered holder, subject to the terms of the Rights Agreement, to purchase from us one one-thousandth of a share of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock at a price of 313.00, subject to certain adjustments (as adjusted from time to time, the Exercise Price ). Under the Rights Agreement, the Rights will become exercisable if an entity, person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 20 or more of the outstanding Common Stock in a transaction not approved by the Board of Directors. In the event that the Rights become exercisable due to the ownership threshold being crossed, each Right will entitle its holder (other than the person, entity or group triggering the Rights Plan, whose rights will become void and will not be exercisable) to purchase additional shares of Common Stock having a then-current market value of twice the Exercise Price. Subject to the terms of the Rights Agreement, the Rights will expire on October 2, 2023. Additional information regarding the Rights Agreement is contained in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022. 
 Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 
 Voting and dividend rights 
 Until a Right is exercised or exchanged, the holder thereof, as such, will have no rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends. 
 Other rights and preferences 
 As stated above, on October 7, 2022, the Company declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase right for each of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The dividend will be paid to the stockholders of record at the close of business on October 17, 2022 (the Record Date ). Each Right entitles the registered holder, subject to the terms of the Rights Agreement, to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock at a price of 313.00, subject to certain adjustments. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, the Rights will not be exercisable until the earlier to occur of (i) the close of business on the tenth business day after a public announcement or filing that a person has, or group of affiliated or associated persons have, become an Acquiring Person, which is defined as a person or group of affiliated or associated persons who, at any time after the date of the Rights Agreement, have acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, beneficial ownership of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock, subject to certain exceptions, or (ii) the close of business on the tenth business day after the date that a tender offer or exchange offer is first published or sent or given by any person, the consummation of which would result in such person becoming an Acquiring Person (the earlier of such dates being called the Distribution Time ). 
 The Rights Agreement provides that, until the Distribution Time (or earlier expiration or redemption of the Rights), the Rights will be transferred with and only with the Common Stock. Until the Distribution Time (or earlier expiration or redemption of the Rights), new Common Stock certificates issued after the Record Date upon transfer or new issuances of Common Stock will contain a legend incorporating the Rights Agreement by reference, and notice of such legend will be furnished to holders of book entry shares. Until the Distribution Time (or earlier expiration or redemption of the Rights), the surrender for transfer of any certificates for shares of Common Stock (or book entry shares of Common Stock) outstanding as of the Record Date will also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the shares of Common Stock represented by such certificate or registered in book entry form. As soon as practicable following the Distribution Time, separate certificates evidencing the Rights (the Rights Certificates will be 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 mailed to holders of record of the Common Stock as of the close of business on the Distribution Time, and such separate Rights Certificates alone will evidence the Rights. 
 The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Time. The Rights will expire prior to the earliest of (i) the close of business on October 2, 2023, or such later date as may be established by the Board as long as the extension is submitted to the stockholders of the Company for ratification at the next annual meeting of stockholders succeeding such extension (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed pursuant to the Rights Agreement (iii) the time at which the Rights are exchanged pursuant to the Rights Agreement and (iv) upon the occurrence of certain transactions (the earliest of (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) is referred to as the Expiration Date ). 
 Each share of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled, when, as and if declared, to a minimum preferential per share quarterly dividend payment equal to the greater of (i) 1.00 per share and (ii) an amount equal to 1,000 times the dividend declared per share of Common Stock. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to a minimum preferential payment of the greater of (i) 1,000.00 per share (plus any accrued but unpaid dividends), and (ii) an amount equal to 1,000 times the payment made per share of Common Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock will have 1,000 votes, voting together with the Common Stock. In the event of any merger, consolidation or other transaction in which outstanding shares of Common Stock are converted or exchanged, each share of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive 1,000 times the amount received per share of Common Stock. These Rights are protected by customary anti-dilution provisions as further described in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. 
 The Exercise Price payable, and the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) upon the grant to holders of the Series A Preferred Stock of certain rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase Series A Preferred Stock at a price, or securities convertible into Series A Preferred Stock with a conversion price, less than the then-current market price of the Series A Preferred Stock or (iii) upon the distribution to holders of the Series A Preferred Stock of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding regular periodic cash dividends or dividends payable in Series A Preferred Stock) or of subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above). 
 In the event that any person or group of persons becomes an Acquiring Person, each holder of a Right, other than the Rights beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person, affiliates and associates of the Acquiring Person and certain transferees thereof (which will thereupon become null and void), will, following the Distribution Time, have the right to receive upon exercise of a Right that number of shares of Common Stock (or at the option of the Company, other securities of the Company) having a market value of two times the Exercise Price, unless the Rights were earlier redeemed or exchanged. 
 In the event that, after a person or group of persons has become an Acquiring Person, the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction or 50 or more of the Company s consolidated assets or earning power are sold, proper provisions will be made so that each holder of a Right (other than Rights beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person, affiliates and associates of the Acquiring Person and certain transferees thereof which will have become null and void) will thereafter have the right to receive upon the exercise of a Right that number of shares of Common Stock of the person with whom the Company has engaged in the foregoing transaction (or its parent) that at the time of such transaction have a market value of two times the Exercise Price of the Right. 
 With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Exercise Price will be required until cumulative adjustments require an adjustment of at least 1 in such Exercise Price. No fractional shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock will be issued (other than fractions of shares of Series A Preferred Stock which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, which may, at the election of the Company, be evidenced by depositary receipts), and in lieu thereof an adjustment in cash will be made based on the current market price of the Series A Preferred Stock or the Common Stock. 
 At any time after any person or group of persons becomes an Acquiring Person and prior to the acquisition of beneficial ownership by such Acquiring Person of 50 or more of shares of Common Stock then outstanding, the Board of Directors, at its option, may exchange all or part of the Rights (other than Rights beneficially owned by such Acquiring Person and certain transferees thereof which will have become null and void) at an exchange ratio of one share of Common Stock per outstanding Right (subject to adjustment). 
 At any time before the Distribution Time, the Board of Directors may authorize the redemption of the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of 0.001 per Right (subject to certain adjustments) (the Redemption Price ). The redemption of the Rights may be made effective at such time, on such basis and with such conditions as the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may establish. Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors electing to 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 redeem or exchange the Rights, the Company shall make announcement thereof, and upon such election, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption Price. 
 In the event the Company receives a Qualifying Offer (as defined in the Rights Agreement) and the Company does not redeem the outstanding Rights, the Company may exempt such Qualifying Offer from the Rights Agreement, or call a special meeting of stockholders to vote on whether or not to exempt such Qualifying Offer from the Rights Agreement, in each case within 90 days of the commencement of the Qualifying Offer. The holders of record of 20 or more of the outstanding Common Stock (excluding shares of Common Stock that are beneficially owned by the person making the Qualifying Offer and such person s related persons) may submit a written demand directing the Board of Directors to submit a resolution exempting the Qualifying Offer from the Rights Agreement to be voted upon at a special meeting to be convened within 90 days following the receipt of the written demand (the Special Meeting Period ). Subject to the terms of the Rights Agreement, the Board of Directors must take the necessary actions to cause such resolution to be submitted to a vote of stockholders at a special meeting within the Special Meeting Period however, the Board of Directors may recommend in favor of or against or take no position with respect to the adoption of the resolution, as it determines to be appropriate in the exercise of the Board of Directors fiduciary duties. 
 For so long as the Rights are redeemable, the Company may from time to time in its sole discretion supplement or amend the Rights Agreement in any respect without the approval of any holders of Rights, and the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs, execute such supplement or amendment. However, from and after the time when the Rights are no longer redeemable, the Rights Agreement may not be amended or supplemented in any manner that would, among other things, adversely affect the interests of the holders of Rights (other than holders of Rights that have become null and void). 
 Transfer agent and registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for the Series A Preferred Stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, and its telephone number is (800) 937-5449. 
 Nasdaq listing 
 The Series A Preferred Stock is listed for trading on Nasdaq Global Select Market. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.30>
 3
 blkb202210-kexx1030.htm
 EX-10.30

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.30 
 
 Execution Version 

CONSENT AGREEMENT 

This CONSENT AGREEMENT, dated as of January 23, 2023 (this Agreement ), is entered into among BLACKBAUD, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), the Lenders (as hereinafter defined) party hereto, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., a national banking association, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent for the Lenders. 
 
 All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings attributed thereto in the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined). 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company, the other borrowers from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders and the Administrative Agent entered into that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2020 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the Company has requested that the Lenders provide the consent set forth in Section 1 below. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Consent . Notwithstanding the terms of clause (i) of the proviso in the definition of Transaction Costs in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby agree that, solely in connection with the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of all of the outstanding Capital Stock of EverFi, Inc. (the EverFi Acquisition ), pursuant to the terms of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 30, 2021, by and among the Borrower, Project Montessori Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation, EverFi, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Eon Stockholder Representative, LLC (solely in its capacity as the Seller Representative), for purposes of calculating EBITDA for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, the Company may include Transaction Costs incurred in connection with the EverFi Acquisition during the five consecutive quarter period following the EverFi Acquisition (including, without limitation, the quarter in which the EverFi Acquisition occurred). This consent is limited solely to the consent specifically provided for in the preceding sentence of this Section 1 and is subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2 below, and nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, Section 11.1(d) of the Credit Agreement) in the future or any other rights or remedies the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or under applicable law. 
 
 2. Conditions Precedent . This Agreement shall become effective as of the date hereof, upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of executed counterparts of this Agreement duly executed by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders. 
 3. Expenses . All reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent (including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of one primary counsel and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction for the Administrative Agent) in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been paid. 

4. Agreement is a Loan Document . This Agreement is a Loan Document and all references to a Loan Document in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, all such references in the representations and warranties in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents) shall be deemed to include this Agreement. 
 
 5. Authority Enforceability . Each Credit Party represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) such Credit Party has the right, power and authority and has taken all necessary corporate and other action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement in accordance with their respective terms 
 (b) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the duly authorized officers of such Credit Party and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Credit Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar state or federal debtor relief laws from time to time in effect which affect the enforcement of creditors rights in general and the availability of equitable remedies and 
 (c) the execution, delivery and performance by such Credit Party of this Agreement do not and will not, by the passage of time, the giving of notice or otherwise, (i) require any material Governmental Approval except any approvals previously or concurrently received or violate any material Applicable Law, in each case relating to the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute a default under the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents of such Credit Party and (iii) require any consent or authorization of, filing with, or other act in respect of, an arbitrator or Governmental Authority and no consent of any other Person is required in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, other than (A) consents, authorizations, filings or other acts or consents obtained or for which the failure to obtain or make could not individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (B) consents or filings, if any, under the UCC. 
 6. Representations and Warranties of the Credit Parties . Each Credit Party represents and warrants to the Lenders that after giving effect to this Agreement (a) the representations and warranties contained in Article VI of the Credit Agreement shall (i) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct on and as of the date hereof and (ii) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as if made on and as of such date, except for any representation and warranty made as of an earlier date, shall (x) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct as of such earlier date and (y) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes hereof, the representations and warranties contained in Section 6.1(o) of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Section 7.1(b) of the Credit Agreement and (b) no event has occurred and is continuing which constitutes a Default or Event of Default. 
 7. No Other Changes . Except as modified hereby, all of the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect. 
 2 

8. Electronic Execution Electronic Records . This Agreement may be in the form of an electronic record (in .pdf form or otherwise) and may be executed using electronic signatures, which shall be considered as originals and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. This Agreement may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts shall be one and the same Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Administrative Agent of a manually signed Agreement which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into .pdf format), or an electronically signed Agreement converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. 
 9. Severability . Any provision of this Agreement held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof and the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 10. Governing Law Submission to Jurisdiction Waiver of Jury Trial . The terms of the Credit Agreement with respect to governing law, submission to jurisdiction, waiver of venue and waiver of jury trial are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis , and the parties hereto agree to such terms. 
 Signature pages follow 

3 

Each of the parties hereto has caused a counterpart of this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
 BORROWER 
 BLACKBAUD, INC. , as a Borrower 
 By s Thomas E. Griffin Name Thomas E. Griffin Title VP Finance, Corporate Treasurer 
 BLACKBAUD, INC. 
 CONSENT AGREEMENT 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , 
 as Administrative Agent 
 By s Liliana Claar Name Liliana Claar Title Vice President 
 
 BLACKBAUD, INC. 
 CONSENT AGREEMENT 

LENDERS 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , 
 as a Lender, Swingline Lender and an Issuing Lender 
 By s Thomas M. Paulk Name Thomas M. Paulk Title Senior Vice President 
 BLACKBAUD, INC. 
 CONSENT AGREEMENT 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as a Lender 
 By s Andrew Fraser Name Andrew Fraser Title Vice President 
 BLACKBAUD, INC. 
 CONSENT AGREEMENT 

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH , as a Lender 
 By s John Glotzbecker Name John Glotzbecker Title Authorized Signatory 
 BLACKBAUD, INC. 
 CONSENT AGREEMENT 

TRUIST BANK , 
 as a Lender 
 By s Tyler Stephens Name Tyler Stephens Title Director 
 BLACKBAUD, INC. 
 CONSENT AGREEMENT 

REGIONS BANK , 
 as a Lender 
 By s Tyler Tirpak Name Tyler Tirpak Title Associate 
 BLACKBAUD, INC. 
 CONSENT AGREEMENT 

TD BANK, N.A. , 
 as a Lender 
 By s John N. Golding Name John N. Golding Title Vice President 
 BLACKBAUD, INC. 
 CONSENT AGREEMENT 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANK , 
 as a Lender 
 By s Jeff Wilson Name Jeff Wilson Title Senior Vice President 
 BLACKBAUD, INC. 
 CONSENT AGREEMENT 

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL 
 ASSOCIATION , as a Lender 
 By s Jeff Hafkey Name Jeff Hafkey Title AVP 
 
 BLACKBAUD, INC. 
 CONSENT AGREEMENT 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as a Lender 
 By s Allyn A. Coskun Name Allyn A. Coskun Title Vice President 
 
 BLACKBAUD, INC. 
 CONSENT AGREEMENT 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , 
 as a Lender 
 By s Caitlin Stewart Name Caitlin Stewart Title Executive Director 
 BLACKBAUD, INC. 
 CONSENT AGREEMENT 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 blkb202210-kexx211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF BLACKBAUD, INC. 
 As of February 24, 2023 
 Organized Under Laws of Blackbaud, Inc. Delaware Subsidiaries ACN 161 644 328 Pty. Ltd. Australia BB Real Property Development, LLC Delaware BBHQ1, LLC Delaware BB US-DCL, LLC Delaware BB US-SIS, LLC Delaware Blackbaud Asia, Ltd. Hong Kong Blackbaud Canada, Inc. Canada Blackbaud Europe Ltd. Scotland Blackbaud Global Ltd. England and Wales Blackbaud Latin America, S.R.L. Costa Rica Blackbaud Pacific Pty. Ltd. Australia Click 4 Compliance, LLC Virginia Ed Comms Pty Ltd. Australia Educational Communications Ltd. England and Wales EverFi, Inc. Delaware EverFi Canada, Inc. Canada EVERFI International Ltd. England and Wales EVERFI Middle East Ltd. England and Wales Everyday Hero Pty. Ltd. Australia Giving.com Limited England and Wales Giving Limited England and Wales JGCrowdfunding USA, LLC Delaware JG US Inc. Delaware Lawroom.com CA C-Corp MyCharity, Ltd. Ireland Blackbaud Tuition Management, LLC Delaware YC Blocker 1, LLC Delaware YourCause Holdings, LLC Delaware YourCause, LLC Texas 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 blkb202210-kexx231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following registration statements 
 1. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-265527) pertaining to the Blackbaud, Inc. 2016 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan Amended and Restated as of June 9, 2022 
 2. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-262190) of Blackbaud, Inc. 
 3. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-257030) pertaining to the Blackbaud, Inc. 2016 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan Amended and Restated as of June 10, 2021 
 4. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-232111) pertaining to the Blackbaud, Inc. 2016 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan Amended and Restated as of June 13, 2019 and 
 5. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-212057) pertaining to the Blackbaud, Inc. 2016 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 
 
 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Blackbaud, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Blackbaud, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Blackbaud, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 S Ernst & Young LLP 
 Raleigh, North Carolina February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 blkb202210-kexx232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-262190) and Form S-8 (No. 333-212057, No. 333-232111, No. 333-257030 and No. 333-265527) of Blackbaud, Inc. of our report dated March 1, 2022 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 S PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Atlanta, Georgia February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 blkb202210-qexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael P. Gianoni, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Blackbaud, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 By s Michael P. Gianoni 
 Michael P. Gianoni President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 blkb202210-qexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Anthony W. Boor, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Blackbaud, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 By s Anthony W. Boor 
 Anthony W. Boor Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 blkb202210-qexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blackbaud, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael P. Gianoni, President and Chief Executive Officer, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 24, 2023 By s Michael P. Gianoni 
 Michael P. Gianoni President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 blkb202210-qexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Blackbaud, Inc. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blackbaud, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Anthony W. Boor, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 24, 2023 By s Anthony W. Boor 
 Anthony W. Boor Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 blkb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 blkb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 blkb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 blkb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 blkb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

