<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_780571_0000780571-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17964292</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>348522</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2871565</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6394695</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4183023</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3835267</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000780571-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227170641
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000780571-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		153
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ITRON, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000780571
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSTRUMENTS FOR MEAS & TESTING OF ELECTRICITY & ELEC SIGNALS [3825]
		IRS NUMBER:				911011792
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22418
		FILM NUMBER:		23676411

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2111 N MOLTER ROAD
		CITY:			LIBERTY LAKE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5099249900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2111 N MOLTER ROAD
		CITY:			LIBERTY LAKE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ITRON INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190709

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ITRON INC /WA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940228

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ITRON INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920724

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000780571-23-000010.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 itri-20221231.htm
 10-K

itri-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , , 
 
 (Address and telephone number of registrant's principal executive offices) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based on the closing price for the common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market) was . 
 As of February 22, 2023, there were outstanding shares of the registrant's common stock, no par value, which is the only class of common stock of the registrant. 

Itron, Inc. 
 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I Item 1: Business 
 1 
 Item 1A: Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B: Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 Item 2: Properties 
 23 
 Item 3: L egal Proceedings 
 23 
 Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 
 PART II Item 5: Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 Item 6: [Reserved] 
 25 
 Item 7: M anagement's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 46 
 Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Fir m (PCAOB ID No. 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 52 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 55 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 56 
 Item 9: Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 98 
 Item 9A: Controls and Procedures 
 98 
 Item 9B: Other Information 
 100 
 Item 9C: Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 100 
 PART III Item 10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 101 
 Item 11: Executive Compensation 
 101 
 Item 12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 101 
 Item 13: Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 101 
 Item 14: Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 102 
 PART IV Item 15: Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 103 
 SIGNATURES 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms "we", "us", "our", "Itron", and the "Company" refer to Itron, Inc. 
 Certain Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains, and our officers and representatives may from time to time make, "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are neither historical factors nor assurances of future performance. These statements are based on our expectations about, among others, revenues, operations, financial performance, earnings, liquidity, earnings per share, cash flows and restructuring activities including headcount reductions and other cost savings initiatives. This document reflects our current strategy, plans and expectations and is based on information currently available as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. When we use words such as "expect", "intend", "anticipate", "believe", "plan", "goal", "seek", "project", "estimate", "future", "strategy", "objective", "may", "likely", "should", "will", "will continue", and similar expressions, including related to future periods, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates. Although we believe the estimates and assumptions upon which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of these estimates or assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and the forward-looking statements based on these estimates and assumptions could be incorrect. Our operations involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside our control, and any one of which, or a combination of which, could materially affect our results of operations and whether the forward-looking statements ultimately prove to be correct. Actual results and trends in the future may differ materially from those suggested or implied by the forward-looking statements depending on a variety of factors. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that we believe could affect our results include our ability to execute on our restructuring plans, our ability to achieve estimated cost savings, the rate and timing of customer demand for our products, rescheduling of current customer orders, changes in estimated liabilities for product warranties, adverse impacts of litigation, changes in laws and regulations, our dependence on new product development and intellectual property, future acquisitions, changes in estimates for stock-based and bonus compensation, increasing volatility in foreign exchange rates, international business risks, uncertainties caused by adverse economic conditions, including, without limitation those resulting from extraordinary events or circumstances such as the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors that are more fully described in Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors included in this Annual Report and other reports on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission . We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral. 

PART I 
 
 Item 1: Business 

Available Information 
 
 Documents we provide to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are available free of charge under the Investors section of our website at www.itron.com as soon as practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, these documents are available at the SEC's website http://www.sec.gov ). The information posted on or accessible through our website is not part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 
 
 General 
 
 Itron is a leader in enabling utilities and cities to safely, securely and reliably deliver critical infrastructure solutions to communities around the world. Our proven platform enables smart networks, software, services, devices and sensors to help our customers better manage their operations in the energy, water, and smart city spaces. We are among the leading technology and services companies offering end-to-end device solutions, networked solutions, and outcomes-based products and services to the utility and municipal sectors. Our comprehensive offerings control, measure, monitor, and provide data analytics and services that enable utilities and municipalities to manage their critical resources responsibly and efficiently. 
 
 We have over 40 years of experience supporting utilities and municipalities in the management of their data and critical infrastructure needs and we have delivered continuous innovation to help drive the industry forward. Incorporated in 1977 with a focus on meter reading services and technology, we entered the electricity meter manufacturing business with the acquisition of Schlumberger Electricity Metering in 2004. In 2007, we expanded our presence in global meter manufacturing and systems with the acquisition of Actaris Metering Systems SA. In 2017, we completed our acquisition of Comverge, which e nabled us to offer integrated cloud-based demand response, energy efficiency, and customer engagement solutions. In 2018, we strengthened our ability to deliver a broader set of solutions and to increase the pace of growth and innovation in the utility, smart city, and broader Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) markets with the acquisition of Silver Spring Networks, Inc. (SSNI). 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Looking forward, we will continue to innovate and support open standards and maintain a device and transport agnostic platform that enables our customers to meet their needs either directly or via our ecosystem of partners. We support a worldwide network of connected devices, and we will continue to develop more applications, new opportunities, and value-added outcomes for our customers in the future. 
 
 The following is a discussion of our solutions, markets, and operating segments. Refer to Part II, Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for specific segment results. 
 Our Business 
 
 The way the world manages energy and water will be one of the defining actions of this century. At Itron, we are committed to creating a more resourceful world one where energy, water, and city resources are managed safely, securely, and reliably, to help improve day-to-day life and promote the well-being of people around the world. We invent new ways for cities and utilities to work together so they can use data captured by our intelligent endpoints, sensors, and systems to cost-effectively leverage their infrastructure to deliver multiple services and applications on a reliable, intelligent platform capable of serving all their customers. 
 
 Itron helps our customers adapt to a rapidly changing world and to address a number of macro trends, including: 
 Infrastructure such as aging utility infrastructure, grid security, safety, asset monitoring and management, and incorporating the proliferation of distributed energy resources, such as electric vehicles, renewable energy and storage, into the grid 
 Environmental such as extreme weather, resource scarcity, and demand for sustainability and decarbonization 
 S ocial such as enhanced customer experience, critical need consumers, privacy, urbanization, population increase, and the management of "big data" and incorporating IIoT technology into their existing operations 
 
 Our solutions include smart networks, software, services, devices, sensors, and data analytics upon a platform that allows our customers to not only address the changing macro trends listed above but also to address pressing industry challenges to better manage and control assets, intelligently benchmark, secure revenue, lower operational costs, improve customer service, develop new business models and revenue streams, improve safety, and enable efficient management of valuable resources. Our comprehensive solutions and data analytics also help our customers address operational issues including increasing demand on resources, non-technical loss, leak detection, environmental and regulatory compliance, integrating renewable and distributed energy sources, and improving operational reliability. 
 
 Itron solutions include technology, software, and services delivered as part of a standalone, one-time purchase or end-to-end solution over multiple years. The portfolio includes hardware products used for measurement, control, or sensing, with and without communications capability; a combination of endpoints and network infrastructure with embedded intelligence that is designed and sold as a complete solution to acquire and transport application-specific data; distribution automation - intelligent communication for the modern grid allowing secure, low-voltage distribution-system automation and control; distributed energy resource management (DERMs) to connect, analyze, and optimize distributed energy resources; and value-added services, software, and products that organize, analyze, and interpret data to gain insights, make decisions, and inform actions. We also offer managed services, Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), Network-as-a-Service (NaaS), technical support services, licensed hardware technology, and consulting services. 
 
 Industry Drivers 
 Utility and municipalities are undergoing an evolution in affordability, reliability and sustainability impacting how they operate critical infrastructure, manage scarce resources, address impacts of climate disruption, and interact with their customers. Efficiently managing resources within energy, water, and cities is a top priority globally, as increasing populations and resource consumption along with extreme weather events continue to stress an aging infrastructure. The growing demand for energy, water, and municipal services coupled with the proliferation of renewable energy sources, smart communicating devices, sensors, and multiple data-producing technologies as well as the growing need to manage distributed energy resources is forcing providers to rethink how they operate and service their communities. This evolution comes at a time when utilities and municipalities are challenged by cost constraints, regulatory requirements, environmental concerns, safety, and resource scarcity. Itron provides its customers with solution-based offerings to safely, securely, and reliably optimize their critical infrastructure to improve the efficiency of their services and to better understand their customers and peers with near real-time knowledge of their resource usage. An added benefit of our solutions is that a utility or municipality can empower its customers 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 to understand and have control over their resource usage, allowing for better management and conservation of valuable resources. 
 
 To address these challenges, utilities and cities are looking to leverage innovations across a networked platform, such as edge (or distributed) intelligence to build and maintain critical infrastructure that can: 
 efficiently and effectively operate energy and water systems that are safe, reliable, and resilient 
 reduce the risk and impact of natural disasters 
 think for itself, repair itself, and anticipate problems before they occur 
 deliver enhanced, more personalized services at lower cost 
 accommodate next-generation services through shared infrastructure between utilities and cities/municipalities 
 provide actionable insights for asset management 
 
 Our Operating Segments 
 We operate under the Itron brand worldwide and manage and report under three operating segments: Device Solutions, Networked Solutions, and Outcomes. The following is a description of each of the three segments: 
 
 Device Solutions This segment primarily includes hardware products used for measurement, control, or sensing that do not have communications capability embedded for use with our broader Itron systems, i.e., hardware-based products not part of a complete end-to-end solution. Examples from the Device Solutions portfolio include: standard endpoints that are shipped without Itron communications, such as our standard gas, electricity, and water meters for a variety of global markets and adhering to regulations and standards within those markets, as well as our heat and allocation products; communicating meters that are not a part of an Itron end-to-end solution, such as Smart Spec meters; and the implementation and installation of non-communicating devices. 
 
 Networked Solutions This segment primarily includes a combination of communicating devices (e.g., smart meters, modules, endpoints, and sensors), network infrastructure, and associated application software designed and sold as a complete solution for acquiring and transporting robust application-specific data. Networked Solutions includes products and software for the implementation, installation, and management of communicating devices and data networks. The Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) solutions supported by this segment include automated meter reading (AMR), advanced metering infrastructure (AMI), distributed energy resource management (DERMs), smart grid and distribution automation, smart street lighting, and an ever-growing set of smart city applications such as traffic management, smart parking, air quality monitoring, electric vehicle charging, customer engagement, digital signage, acoustic (e.g., gunshot) detection, and leak detection and mitigation for both gas and water systems. Our IIoT platform allows all these utility and smart city applications to be run and managed on a single, multi-purpose network. 
 
 Outcomes This segment primarily includes our value-added, enhanced software and services in which we manage, organize, analyze, and interpret raw, anonymized and aggregated data to improve decision making, maximize operational profitability, drive resource efficiency, improve grid analytics, and deliver results for consumers, utilities, and smart cities. Outcomes supports high-value use cases such as data management, grid operations, distributed intelligence, operations management, gas distribution and safety, water operations management, revenue assurance, DERMs, energy forecasting, consumer engagement, smart payment, and fleet energy resource management. Utilities leverage these outcomes to capitalize on the power of networks and devices, empower their workforce, maximize their operations and enhance the customer experience. The revenues from these offerings are primarily recurring in nature and would include any direct management of Device Solutions, Networked Solutions, and other products on behalf of our end customers. 

Bookings and Backlog of Orders 
 Bookings for a reported period represent customer contracts and purchase orders received during the period for hardware, software, and services that have met certain conditions, such as regulatory and/or contractual approval. Total backlog represents committed but undelivered products and services for contracts and purchase orders at period-end. Twelve-month backlog represents the portion of total backlog that reflects our understanding of customer's desired deployment over the next 12 months. The actual revenue recognized and timing of revenue earned from backlog may vary based on actual currency rates at the time of shipment, supply constraints, and adjusted customer project timing. Backlog is not a complete measure of our future revenues as we also receive significant book-and-ship orders, as well as frame contracts. Bookings and backlog may fluctuate significantly due to the timing of large project awards. In addition, annual or multi-year contracts are subject to rescheduling due to the long-term nature of the contracts. Certain of our customers have the right to cancel contracts, but we do not have a history of any significant cancellations. Beginning total backlog, plus bookings, minus revenues, will not equal ending total backlog due to miscellaneous contract adjustments, foreign currency fluctuations, and other factors. Total bookings and backlog include certain contracts with a termination for convenience clause, which will not agree to the total transaction 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 price allocated to the remaining performance obligations disclosed in Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 17: Revenues. 
 
 Year Ended Total Bookings Total Backlog 12-Month Backlog In millions December 31, 2022 2,505 4,619 2,052 December 31, 2021 2,755 4,017 1,539 December 31, 2020 2,213 3,259 1,204 
 
 Our total backlog, as of December 31, 2021, included 64.7 million of backlog related to the sale of certain Gas product lines from our Device Solutions manufacturing and business operations in Europe and North America to Dresser Utility Solutions (Dresser). At transaction close on February 28, 2022, 55.7 million of this backlog was transferred to Dresser. For more information on the transaction refer to Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 18: Sale of Businesses. 

Sales and Distribution 
 We use a combination of direct and indirect sales channels to access our customers. A direct sales force is utilized for our larger customers, with which we have long-established relationships. This direct sales force is focused on solution selling, solving problems and business challenges, and delivering valuable outcomes to our utility and smart city customers. For smaller utilities and most municipalities, we typically use an indirect sales channel that extends the reach of Itron's solutions by empowering trusted partners with the right tools, training, and technology to grow their business, deliver results, and help these customers better manage energy and water. These channels consist of distributors, agents, partners, and meter manufacturer representatives. 
 No single customer represented more than 10 of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Our 10 largest customers in each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, accounted for approximately 32 , 25 , and 33 of total revenues. 
 Manufacturing 
 Our products require a wide variety of components and materials, which are subject to price and supply fluctuations. We enter into typical contracts in the ordinary course of business, which can include purchase orders for specific quantities based on market prices, as well as open-ended agreements that provide for estimated quantities over an extended shipment period, typically up to one year at an established unit cost. Although we have multiple sources of supply for many of our material requirements, certain components and raw materials are supplied by limited or sole-source vendors, and our ability to perform certain contracts depends on the availability of these materials. Refer to Item 1A: Risk Factors for further discussion related to manufacturing and supply risks. 
 
 Our manufacturing facilities are located throughout the world, an overview of which is presented in Item 2: Properties. While we manufacture and assemble a portion of our products, we outsource the manufacturing of many products and sub-assemblies to various manufacturing partners and strive to create an efficient and cost-effective structure. This approach allows us to reduce the costs related to our manufacturing overhead and inventory and also allows us to adjust more quickly to changing customer demand. These manufacturing partners assemble our sub-assemblies and products using design specifications, quality assurance programs, and standards that we establish and procure components and assemble our products based on demand forecasts. These forecasts represent our estimates of future demand for our products based upon historical trends and analysis from our sales and product management functions, as adjusted for overall market conditions. 
 Partners 
 In connection with delivering solutions and systems to our customers, we frequently partner with third-party vendors to provide hardware, software, or services, e.g., meter installation and communication network equipment and infrastructure. Due to the interoperable, open-standards based nature of our platform, we have also cultivated a highly diverse and growing ecosystem of partners and third-party developers who can create complementary solutions for our customers that run on the same network and within the same platform framework. 
 
 Our ability to perform on our contractual obligations with our customers is dependent on these partners meeting their obligations to us. Refer to Item 1A: Risk Factors for further discussion related to third-party vendors and strategic partners. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development 
 Our research and development is focused on both improving existing technology and developing innovative new technology for critical infrastructure in electricity, natural gas, water, heat, smart city, and DERMs verticals. This includes endpoints, sensing and control devices, data collection software, communication technologies, data warehousing, software applications, and the IIoT. We invested approximately 185 million, 197 million, and 194 million in research and development in 2022, 2021 and 2020, which represented 10 of total revenues for 2022 and 2021 and 9 of total revenues for 2020. Refer to Item 1A: Risk Factors for further discussion related to costs of developing competitive products and services. 
 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 5,477 people in our workforce, including 4,822 permanent employees. We have not experienced significant employee work stoppages and our employee relations are deemed to be good. 
 
 We are an equal opportunity employer, and we promote a culture of inclusion and diversity. We monitor our progress through various programs and policies. We offer wages and a range of company-paid benefits we believe are competitive with other companies in our industry and in the markets we serve. 
 
 The table below provides the breakdown of our employees by region and self-identified gender: 
 As of December 31, 2022 Region Male Female Total Number of Employees Percentage of Total Employees Americas 1,728 721 2,449 51 Europe, Middle East and Africa 942 512 1,454 30 Asia Pacific Other 728 191 919 19 Total (1) 
 3,398 1,424 4,822 
 (1) These numbers do not include contingent workers (655 as of December 31, 2022). 

Competition 
 We enable utilities and cities to safely, securely, and reliably deliver critical infrastructure services to communities around the world. Our portfolio of smart networks, software, services, meters, and sensors help our customers better manage energy, water, and city infrastructure resources for the people they serve. Consequently, we operate within a large and complex competitive landscape, and our competitors range from small companies to large, established corporations. Some of our competitors have diversified product portfolios and participate in multiple geographic markets, while others focus on specific regional markets and/or certain types of products, including some low-cost suppliers of devices based in Asia. Our primary competitors include LM Ericsson Telephone Company, Landis+Gyr, Mueller Water Products, and Xylem, Inc. (formerly Sensus). 
 
 We believe that our competitive advantage is based on our in-depth knowledge of the industries we serve, our capacity to innovate, and our ability to provide complete end-to-end integrated solutions. We also differentiate ourselves with an intelligent IIoT platform that is solution, device, and transport agnostic a platform that can be backwards compatible, able to run a multitude of applications and solutions, is highly secure, fully integrated into our portfolio, highly interoperable, captures relays, and leverages high-resolution data for near real-time decision making. The platform involves an ever-growing, diverse ecosystem of partners and third-party developers who can create and deploy specific point solutions creating greater value for our customers. 
 
 We are a global leader in the IIoT category; an industry leader in communication modules deployed; a leading industry innovator; a leader of energy and water end-to-end solutions; and a global leader in endpoints under managed services. We continue to serve our established customer relationships and expand upon our track record of delivering reliable, accurate, and long-lived products and services. 
 
 Refer to Item 1A: Risk Factors for a discussion of the competitive pressures we face. 

Strategic Alliances 
 We pursue strategic alliances with other companies in areas where collaboration can produce product advancement and acceleration of entry into new markets. The objectives and goals of a strategic alliance can include one or more of the following: technology exchange, research and development, joint sales and marketing, or access to new geographic markets. Refer to Item 1A: Risk Factors for a discussion of risks associated with strategic alliances. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Intellectual Property 
 Our patents and patent applications cover a range of technologies that relate to standard metering, smart metering solutions and technology, meter data management software, knowledge application solutions, and IIoT. We also rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets to protect our products and technologies. Disputes over the ownership, registration, and enforcement of intellectual property rights arise in the ordinary course of our business. While we believe patents and trademarks are important to our operations and, in aggregate, constitute valuable assets, no single patent or trademark, or group of patents or trademarks, is critical to the success of our business. We license some of our technology to other companies, some of which are our competitors. 
 Governmental Regulations 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we are impacted by many governmental regulations, including environmental regulations. We believe that we are materially in compliance with all federal, state, and local governmental laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the operation of our business. There are no known regulations pending that will have a substantial adverse impact on our business, revenue, earnings, or cash flows. However, if new or amended laws or regulations impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company or its products, the Company's business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position could be altered. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Set forth below are the names, ages, and titles of our executive officers as of February 27, 2023. Name Age Position Thomas L. Deitrich 56 President and Chief Executive Officer Joan S. Hooper 65 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michel C. Cadieux 65 Senior Vice President, Human Resources Justin K. Patrick 50 Senior Vice President, Device Solutions John F. Marcolini 50 Senior Vice President, Networked Solutions Donald L. Reeves 55 Senior Vice President, Outcomes Christopher E. Ware 54 Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 
 
 Thomas L. Deitrich is President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Deitrich was appointed to his current position and to the Board of Directors in August 2019. Mr. Deitrich joined Itron in October 2015, serving as Itron's Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer until his promotion to CEO. From 2012 to September 2015, Mr. Deitrich was Senior Vice President and General Manager for Digital Networking at Freescale Semiconductor, Inc. (Freescale), and he served as the Senior Vice President and General Manager of Freescale's RF, Analog, Sensor, and Cellular Products Group from 2009 to 2012. Mr. Deitrich had other roles of increasing responsibility at Freescale from 2006 to 2009. Prior to Freescale, Mr. Deitrich worked for Flextronics, Sony-Ericsson/Ericsson, and GE. Mr. Deitrich is a director of ON Semiconductor Corporation, a NASDAQ listed company. 
 
 Joan S. Hooper is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Hooper was appointed to this role in June 2017. Prior to joining Itron, Ms. Hooper was Chief Financial Officer of CHC Helicopter from 2011 to July 2015. Following Ms. Hooper's departure from CHC, CHC filed a voluntary petition of relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in May 2016, and CHC emerged from bankruptcy in March 2017. Prior to CHC, she held several executive finance positions at Dell, Inc. from 2003 to 2010, including Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for its Global Public and Americas business units, Vice President of Corporate Finance and Chief Accounting Officer. 
 
 Michel C. Cadieux is Senior Vice President, Human Resources and has been so since joining Itron in February 2014. From 2008 to 2012, Mr. Cadieux was Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Security at Freescale Semiconductor, Inc. (Freescale). Mr. Cadieux has more than 30 years leading HR organizations in global technology and manufacturing companies including Betz Laboratories, the Hudson Bay Company, ING Bank of Canada, Advanced Micro Devices/ATI, and Freescale. 
 
 Justin K. Patrick is Senior Vice President, Device Solutions, where he is responsible for Itron's strategy to become a leading global provider of measurement, safety, and operational devices for utilities and cities. Mr. Patrick joined Itron in January 2020. From 2018 to 2020, Mr. Patrick was Vice President General Manager, Residential Products at Johnson Controls International (JCI). Before that role, he was Vice President General Manager, Variable Refrigerant Flow Systems and Ductless from 2014 to 2017, and Director, Channel Strategy and Marketing from 2010 to 2014 at JCI. Prior to his time at JCI, Mr. Patrick held a sales leadership role at the Auer Steel and Heating Supply Company, and at Carrier Corporation he had roles of increasing responsibility culminating in general management. Prior to his civilian career, Mr. Patrick served as a Surface Warfare Officer in the United States Navy. 
 
 John F. Marcolini is Senior Vice President, Networked Solutions, where he is responsible for product development, marketing, and overall strategy for Itron's global networking platforms and smart cities strategy and solutions. Mr. Marcolini was appointed to this role in July 2020. Mr. Marcolini joined Itron in January 2018 as part of Itron's acquisition of SSNI as the Vice President of product management, responsible for product strategy and lifecycle management across Itron's smart energy, smart city and IIoT portfolios. He has more than 20 years of product management, business development, and customer delivery experience with deep technical knowledge of networking, radio frequency technologies, and IIoT. Mr. Marcolini has also spent many years working with utility customers to deliver and implement complex product deployments. 
 
 Donald L. Reeves is Senior Vice President, Outcomes, where he is responsible for Itron's software and services offerings, delivery teams, managed services operations, and customer support. Mr. Reeves was appointed to this role in September 2019. Mr. Reeves joined Itron in January 2018 as part of Itron's acquisition of SSNI, and, from 2016 to 2018, he was SSNI's Chief Technology Officer. From 2005 to 2016, Mr. Reeves held several managed services and engineering positions at SSNI. Prior to joining SSNI, Mr. Reeves served as Vice President of Engineering at Black Pearl from 2003 to 2004 and was Vice President of Engineering at Commerce One from 2001 to 2003, and prior to that held leadership positions at several startup technology companies. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Christopher E. Ware is Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Mr. Ware has more than 25 years of experience as a senior legal advisor and business executive. He joined Itron in March 2021 as Associate General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer. In March 2022, he was promoted to Vice President, Legal and Corporate Secretary. In this role, he is responsible for Itron's corporate governance, business legal solutions, and risk management. Prior to joining Itron, Mr. Ware served as Executive Director and General Manager at Johnson Controls International (JCI) from 2018 to 2021. Before that position, Mr. Ware occupied numerous senior legal roles within JCI from 2011 to 2018. He also held roles in the U.S. Attorney's Office, the Department of Justice, and several private law firms. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A: Risk Factors 
 
 Business and Industry Risks 
 
 We are dependent on the utility industry, which has lengthy and unpredictable sales cycles and has experienced volatility in capital spending, each of which has and could cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly. 
 
 We derive the majority of our revenues from sales of products and services to utilities. Purchases of our products may be deferred as a result of many factors, including economic downturns, slowdowns in new residential and commercial construction, customers' access to capital upon acceptable terms, the timing and availability of government subsidies or other incentives, utility specific financial circumstances, mergers and acquisitions, regulatory decisions, weather conditions and climate disruption, and fluctuating interest rates. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, variability in operating results on an annual and a quarterly basis as a result of these factors. 
 
 The industries in which we sell our products and services, in particular the utility industry, are subject to substantial government regulation. For example, regulations have often influenced the frequency of customer meter replacements. Sales cycles for our standalone meter products have typically been based on annual or biennial bid-based agreements. Utilities place purchase orders against these agreements as their inventories decline, which can create fluctuations in our sales volumes. 
 
 Sales cycles for smart metering solutions are generally long and unpredictable due to several factors, including budgeting, purchasing, and regulatory approval processes that can take several years to complete. Our utility customers typically issue requests for quotes and proposals, establish evaluation processes, review different technical options with vendors, analyze performance and cost/benefit justifications, and perform a regulatory review, in addition to applying the normal budget approval process. Today, governments around the world are implementing new laws and regulations to promote increased energy efficiency, slow or reverse growth in the consumption of scarce resources, reduce carbon dioxide emissions, and protect the environment. Many of the legislative and regulatory initiatives encourage utilities to develop a smart grid infrastructure, and some of these initiatives provide for government subsidies, grants, or other incentives to utilities and other participants in their industry to promote transition to smart grid technologies. If government regulations regarding the smart grid and smart metering are delayed, revised to permit lower or different investment levels in metering infrastructure, or terminated altogether, this could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 
 We must continually shift and adapt our products and services mix, which requires substantial judgment and investment. 
 
 Our market is characterized by increasing complexity driven by evolving technology, increased regulatory pressures, and the emergence of new competitive products, all of which impact the way our products and services are designed, developed, marketed, and delivered. The shift in, and increasing complexity of, our products and services mix involves judgment and entails risks. In order to successfully design and develop more complex offerings, we must anticipate the right products, solutions, and technologies to meet estimated market demands. These estimates may prove wrong. Additionally, our complex offerings may contain defects when they are first introduced; their release may be delayed due to unforeseen difficulties during product and service design and development; or they may have reliability, quality, or compatibility problems. We may not be able to successfully design workarounds. Any shift in, or increased complexity of, our products and services mix may not be easily understood or adopted by our current or future customers, who may be reluctant to buy, or may delay purchases of, our products and services. 
 
 Additionally, our evolving products and services mix could cause us to incur substantial additional costs if we need to materially improve our manufacturing infrastructure, develop new systems to deliver our services, or fundamentally change the way in which we deliver services. Also, if one of our new offerings were competitive to our prior offerings and represented an adequate or superior alternative, customers could decide to abandon prior offerings that produce higher revenue or better margins than the new offering. Therefore, the adaptation to new technologies or standards or the development and launch of new products or services could result in lower revenue, lower margins, and/or higher costs, which could unfavorably impact our financial performance. 
 
 Delays in the availability of or shortages in raw materials and component parts used in the manufacture of our products, as well as freight, labor, and other ancillary cost increases, could unfavorably impact our revenues and results of operations. 
 
 We are impacted by the availability and prices of raw materials and component parts used in the manufacturing process of our products. Raw materials include purchased castings made of metal or alloys (such as brass, which uses copper as its main component, aluminum, stainless steel and cast iron), plastic resins, glass, and other electronic components, such as microprocessors and semiconductors. There are multiple sources for these raw materials and components, but we sometimes 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 rely on single suppliers for certain of these materials. Our inability to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials and component parts at favorable prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations, including reduced revenue, lower profit margins, and delays in deliveries to customers, which could result in damages or penalties to be paid under the terms of certain of our customer contracts. Since we do not control the production of these raw materials and component parts, there may be delays caused by an interruption in the production or transportation of these materials for reasons that are beyond our control. World commodity markets, inflation, tariffs or embargoes may also affect the availability or prices of raw materials or component parts. Recently, inflation in our raw materials and component costs, freight charges, and labor costs have increased above historical levels, due to, among other things, the continuing impacts of the pandemic and the uncertain economic environment. Certain customer arrangements within our backlog may include previously committed pricing, and we may or may not be able to fully recover increased costs through pricing actions with these customers. 
 
 Our operations may be adversely impacted if key vendors, strategic partners, and other third parties fail to perform. 
 
 Certain of our products, subassemblies, and system components, including most of our circuit boards, are procured from limited or sole sources. We cannot be certain that we will not experience operational difficulties with these sources, including reductions in the availability of production capacity, errors in complying with product specifications, insufficient quality control, failures to meet production deadlines, increases in manufacturing costs, vendors' access to capital, and increased lead times. Additionally, our manufacturers may experience disruptions in their manufacturing operations due to equipment breakdowns, labor strikes or shortages, natural disasters and pandemics, component or material shortages, cost increases, or other similar problems. Further, to minimize their inventory risk, our manufacturers may not order components from third-party suppliers with adequate lead time, thereby impacting our ability to meet our demand forecast. If we fail to manage our relationship with our manufacturers effectively, or if they experience operational difficulties, our ability to ship products to our customers and distributors could be impaired, and our competitive position and reputation could be harmed. If we receive shipments of products that fail to comply with our technical specifications or that fail to conform to our quality control standards, and if we are not able to obtain replacement products in a timely manner, we risk revenue losses from the inability to sell those products, increased administrative and shipping costs, and lower profitability. Additionally, if defects are not discovered until after consumers take delivery of our products, those customers could lose confidence in the technical attributes of our products, and our business could be harmed. Although arrangements with these partners may contain provisions for warranty expense reimbursement, we may remain responsible to the customer for warranty service in the event of product defects and could experience an unanticipated product defect or warranty liability. While we rely on partners to adhere to our supplier code of conduct, material violations of the supplier code of conduct could occur. 
 
 We have been and will continue to be affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and such effects will continue to have an adverse effect on our business operations, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 
 
 We have experienced disruptions to our business from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business and geographic markets is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. This includes how it may impact our customers, employees, vendors, strategic partners, managed services, and manufacturing operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption, which may materially and adversely affect our business operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 
 
 The impact of the pandemic on third parties on which we rely, such as our suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors, and strategic partners, cannot be fully known or controlled by us. As a result, we have and will likely continue to experience difficulties sourcing components, sub-assemblies, outsourced finished goods, and other products and services. In particular, our ability to obtain adequate supply of semiconductor components has impacted our ability to service recovering customer demand. While we believe the current imbalance in supply and demand is temporal, the timeline to recovery is uncertain. Efforts are ongoing with suppliers to increase supply, including the approval of alternate sources. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our customers and demand for our products is also uncertain. Due to resulting financial constraints, illness within their organizations, quarantine and travel restrictions placed upon our customers' employees, as well as individual actions our customers may take in response to the spread of COVID-19, our customers may have difficulty in making timely payments to us or may have an inability or unwillingness to purchase our products and services. Also, certain of our projects require regulatory approvals, and our customers may experience delays in regulatory approvals. Any of these effects may materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We continue to take measures, both voluntary and as a result of government directives and guidance, to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on us and others. These measures have included, among others, restrictions on our employees' access to our physical work locations and the purchase of personal protective equipment. Additionally, we may implement the 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 temporary closure or reduction in operations of certain of our facilities, either voluntarily or through imposed lockdowns, which is disruptive to our operations. We have also implemented measures to allow certain employees to work remotely, which may place a burden on our IT systems and may expose us to increased vulnerability to cyber-attack and other cyber-disruption. Many of these measures may result in incremental costs to us, and such costs may not be recoverable or adequately covered by our insurance. Further, any focus by our management on mitigating COVID-19 effects has required, and will continue to require, a large investment of time and resources, which may delay other value-add initiatives. 
 
 As a company with global operations, we are subject to numerous government jurisdictions at all levels that are addressing COVID-19 differently. The guidance and directives provided by these governmental authorities is difficult to predict, may be unclear in their application, and are unknown in duration. This includes uncertainty in governmental authorities' assessments of our business as "essential". If governmental authorities were to reverse their designation of our business as "essential", it could have a material effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts us depends on numerous evolving factors and future developments that we are not able to predict at this time, including: medical advancements to treat or stop the virus including the effectiveness, widespread availability, and application of any vaccine; governmental, business, and other actions, which could include limitations on our operations to provide products or services; the duration and severity of the outbreak, including resurgence, reinfections, or mutation of the virus, and the related limitations on our ability to conduct business; or the length of time and velocity at which we will return to more normalized operations. The impact of COVID-19 may also include possible impairment or other charges and may exacerbate other risks discussed herein, any of which could have a material effect on us. This situation continues to change, and additional impacts may arise that we are not aware of currently. 
 
 We face competition, which may result in a loss of market share or price erosion of our products and services. 
 
 We face competitive pressures from a variety of companies in each of the markets we serve. Some of our present and potential future competitors have, or may have, substantially greater financial, marketing, technical, or manufacturing resources and, in some cases, have greater name recognition, customer relationships, and experience. These competitors may sell products and services at lower prices in order to gain or grow market share, be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, and may have made or make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that enhance their ability to address the needs of our prospective customers. Other companies may also drive technological innovation and develop products and services that are equal in quality and performance or superior to our products and services, which could reduce our market position, reduce our overall sales, and require us to invest additional funds in new technology development. In addition, our products and services may experience price erosion if low-cost providers expand their presence in our markets, improve their quality, or form alliances or cooperative relationships with our competitors, or if our products and services become commoditized. For example, some utilities may purchase meters separately from the communication devices. The specifications for such meters may require interchangeability, which could lead to further commoditization of the meter, thus driving prices lower and reducing margins. Pricing pressure is also driven by other events outside our control, to include movement away from manually read meters, government programs, and new construction. Should we fail to compete successfully with current or future competitors or to adequately manage pricing pressure, we could experience material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 If we cannot continue to invest in developing competitive products and services, we will not be able to compete effectively. 
 
 Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to develop, design and manufacture competitive products and services, enhance and sustain our existing products and services, keep pace with technological advances and changing customer requirements, gain international market acceptance, and manage other factors in the markets in which we sell our products and services. Product and service development will require continued investment to maintain our competitive position, and the periods in which we incur significant research and development costs may drive variability in our results of operations. We may not have the necessary capital, or access to capital at acceptable terms, to make these investments. We have made, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in technology development. However, we may experience unforeseen problems in the development or performance of our technologies or products, which can prevent us from meeting our research and development schedules. New products often require certifications or regulatory approvals before the products can be used, and we cannot be certain our new products will be approved in a timely manner, or at all. Finally, we may not achieve market acceptance of our new products and services. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to maintain a high level of customer satisfaction, demand for our products and services could suffer. 
 
 We believe our success depends on our ability to understand and address our customers' requirements and concerns. This includes our ability to effectively articulate and demonstrate to customers how our products and services meet their needs and to deliver our products timely as committed, with a sufficient level of quality. In addition, we continue to work toward easing general concerns about the safety and perceived health risks of using radio frequency communications, as well as privacy concerns of monitoring home appliance energy usage, which have had some adverse publicity in the past. If we were unable to overcome these real and perceived risks, we could face customer dissatisfaction, dilution of our brand, decreased overall demand for our services, and loss of revenue. In addition, our inability to meet customer performance, safety, and service expectations may damage our reputation and could consequently limit our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers, which would adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and unfavorably impact our operating results. 
 
 Product defects could disrupt our operations and result in harm to our reputation and financial position. 
 
 Our products are complex and may contain defects or experience failures due to any number of issues in design, materials, deployment, and/or use. If any of our products contain a defect, a compatibility or interoperability issue, or other types of errors, we may have to devote significant time and resources to identify and correct the issue. We provide product warranties for varying lengths of time and establish allowances in anticipation of warranty expenses. In addition, we recognize contingent liabilities for additional product-failure related costs. These warranty and related product-failure allowances may be inadequate due to product defects and unanticipated component failures, as well as higher than anticipated material, labor, and other costs we may incur to replace projected product failures. A product recall or a significant number of product returns could be expensive; damage our reputation and relationships with utilities, meter and communication vendors, other third-party vendors, or regulatory entities; result in the loss of business to competitors; or result in litigation. We may incur additional warranty expenses in the future with respect to new or established products, which could materially and adversely affect our operations and financial position. 
 
 Business interruptions could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our worldwide operations could be subject to hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics or pandemics, geopolitical instability, or other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our key manufacturing facilities are concentrated, and, in the event of a significant interruption in production at any of our manufacturing facilities, considerable expense, time, and effort could be required to establish alternative production lines to meet contractual obligations, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Asset impairment could result in significant changes that would adversely impact our future operating results. 
 
 We have significant inventory, intangible assets, long-lived assets, and goodwill that are susceptible to valuation adjustments as a result of changes in various factors or conditions, which could impact our results of operations and financial condition. Factors that could trigger an impairment of such assets include the following: 
 reduction in the net realizable value of inventory, which becomes obsolete or exceeds anticipated demand 
 changes in our organization or management reporting structure, which could result in additional reporting units, requiring greater aggregation or disaggregation in our analysis by reporting unit and potentially alternative methods/assumptions of estimating fair values 
 underperformance relative to projected future operating results 
 changes in the manner or use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business 
 unfavorable industry or economic trends 
 decline in our stock price for a sustained period or decline in our market capitalization below net book value 
 
 Failure to attract and retain key personnel who are critical to the success of our business could unfavorably impact our ability to operate or grow our business. 
 
 Our success depends in large part on the efforts of our highly qualified technical and management personnel and highly skilled individuals in all disciplines. The loss of one or more of these employees and the inability to attract and retain qualified replacements could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, as our products and services become more 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 technologically complex, it could become especially difficult to recruit or retain personnel with unique in-demand skills and knowledge, whom we would expect to become recruiting targets for our competitors and for other companies relying on similar talent. There is no assurance that we will be able to recruit or retain qualified personnel, and this failure could diminish our ability to develop and deliver new products and services, which could cause our operations and financial results to be unfavorably impacted. 
 
 Changes in accounting principles and guidance could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects. 
 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). These principles are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to create and interpret appropriate accounting principles and guidance. A change in these principles or guidance, or in their interpretations, may have a material effect on our reported results, as well as our processes and related controls, and may retroactively affect previously reported results. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure and Organization 
 
 Our indebtedness could restrict our operational flexibility and prevent us from raising additional capital or meeting our obligations under our debt instruments. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total outstanding indebtedness was 460.0 million as described under Liquidity and Capital Resources. Our 2018 credit facility allows us to draw on a 500.0 million revolving line of credit. This indebtedness could have important consequences to us, including: 
 increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions 
 requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow used in operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest, therefore reducing our liquidity and our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures, and future business opportunities 
 requiring us to meet specified financial ratios, a failure of which may result in restrictions on us and our subsidiaries to take certain actions or result in the declaration of an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could require acceleration of required payments against such indebtedness and result in cross defaults under our other indebtedness 
 exposing us to the risk of increased market interest rates, and corresponding increased interest expense, as unhedged borrowings under the 2018 credit facility as amended (2018 credit facility) would be at variable rates of interest 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes 
 
 Our 2018 credit facility places restrictions on our ability, and the ability of many of our subsidiaries, dependent on meeting specified financial ratios, to, among other things: 
 incur more debt 
 pay dividends, make distributions, and repurchase capital stock 
 make certain investments 
 create liens 
 execute transactions with affiliates 
 execute sale lease-back transactions 
 merge or consolidate 
 transfer or sell assets 

Our ability to make scheduled payments on and/or to refinance our indebtedness depends on, and is subject to, our financial and operating performance, which is influenced in part by general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, counterparty business, and other risks that are beyond our control, including the availability of financing in the U.S. banking system and capital markets. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our debt, to refinance our debt, or to fund our other liquidity needs on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 
 If we were unable to meet our debt service obligations or to fund our other liquidity needs, we would need to restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt, which could cause us to default on our debt obligations and impair our liquidity. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Even if refinancing indebtedness were available, any refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants that could further restrict our business operations. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Moreover, in the event of a default under any of our indebtedness, the holders of the defaulted debt could elect to declare all the funds borrowed to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, which in turn could result in cross defaults under our other indebtedness. The lenders under the 2018 credit facility could also elect to terminate their commitments thereunder and cease making further loans, and such lenders could institute foreclosure proceedings against their collateral, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If we breach our covenants under the 2018 credit facility, we would be in default thereunder. Such lenders could exercise their rights, as described above, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 
 Although our debt instruments contain certain restrictions, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, including that certain trade payables do not constitute indebtedness. Additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. To the extent we incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, the risks described above and others described herein may increase. 
 
 The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value our common stock. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with certain financial institutions, which we refer to as "hedge counterparties". We also entered into warrant transactions with the hedge counterparties pursuant to which we sold warrants for the purchase of our common stock. The convertible note hedge transactions are generally to reduce the potential dilution upon any conversion of Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted notes, as the case may be. The warrant transactions would separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the strike price of any warrants unless, subject to the terms of the warrant transactions, we elect to cash settle the warrants. 
 
 The hedge counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the Convertible Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of Convertible Notes or following any repurchase of Convertible Notes by us in connection with any fundamental change repurchase date or otherwise). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock. 
 
 The potential effect, if any, of these transactions and activities on the market price of our common stock or the Convertible Notes will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time. Any of these activities could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 
 Future sales of our stock in the public market, or the issuance of stock upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, could cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of shares of our common stock or the availability of shares for sale will have on the prevailing trading price of our common stock from time to time. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock could cause the price of our common stock to decline. In addition, a substantial number of shares of our common stock will be reserved for issuance upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. We may in the future also issue shares of common stock for financings, acquisitions, or equity incentives. If we issue additional shares of common stock in the future, such issuances would have a dilutive effect on the economic interest of our common stock. 
 
 Our strategy includes acquisitions, divestitures, and investments, which we may not be able to execute or integrate successfully. 
 
 In pursuing our business strategy, we may conduct discussions, evaluate companies, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, or equity investments. We have completed acquisitions and may make investments in the future, both within and outside of the United States. We may also, if appropriate opportunities present themselves, make divestitures. Acquisitions, investments, and divestitures involve numerous risks such as the diversion of senior management's attention; unsuccessful integration of the acquired or disintegration of the divested entity's personnel, operations, technologies, and products; unidentified or identified but non-indemnified pre-closing liabilities that we may be responsible for; incurrence of significant expenses to meet an acquiree's customer contractual commitments; lack of market acceptance of new services and technologies; difficulties in operating businesses in international legal jurisdictions; or transaction-related or other litigation, and other liabilities. Failure to adequately address these issues could result in the diversion of resources and adversely impact our ability to manage our business. In addition, acquisitions and investments in third parties may involve the assumption of obligations, significant write-offs, or other charges associated with the acquisition or investment. Impairment of an investment, goodwill, or an intangible asset may result if these risks were to materialize. For investments in entities that are not wholly 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 owned by Itron, such as joint ventures, a loss of control as defined by GAAP could result in a significant change in accounting treatment and a change in the carrying value of the entity. There can be no assurance that an acquired business will perform as expected, accomplish our strategic objectives, or generate significant revenues, profits, or cash flows. Any divestiture could result in disruption to other parts of our business, potential loss of employees or customers, exposure to unanticipated liabilities, or result in ongoing obligations and liabilities following any such divestiture. For example, in connection with a divestiture, we may enter into transition services agreements or other strategic relationships, including long-term commercial arrangements, sales arrangements, or agree to provide certain indemnities to the purchaser in any such transaction, which may result in additional expense and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our customer contracts are complex and contain provisions that could cause us to incur penalties, be liable for damages, and/or incur unanticipated expenses with respect to the functionality, deployment, operation, and availability of our products and services. 
 
 In addition to the risk of unanticipated warranty or recall expenses, our customer contracts may contain provisions that could cause us to incur penalties, be liable for damages including liquidated damages, or incur other expenses if we experience difficulties with respect to the functionality, deployment, operation, or availability of our products and services. Some of these contracts contain long-term commitments to a set schedule of delivery or performance and require us to deliver standby letters of credit or bonds as a guarantee to the customer for our future performance. If we fail in our estimated schedule or we fail in our management of the project, this may cause delays in completion. In the event of late deliveries, late or improper installations or operations, failure to meet product or performance specifications or other product defects, or interruptions or delays in our managed service offerings, our customer contracts may expose us to penalties, liquidated damages, and other liabilities. In the event we were to incur contractual penalties, such as liquidated damages or other related costs that exceed our expectations, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, if we were to determine that products and/or services to be delivered under a specific component of a customer contract would result in a loss due to expected revenues estimated to be less than expected costs, we could be required to recognize a reduction of revenue in the period we made such determination, and such reduction could be material to our results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to international business uncertainties, obstacles to the repatriation of earnings, and foreign currency fluctuations. 
 
 A portion of our revenues is derived from operations conducted outside the United States. International sales and operations may be subjected to risks such as the imposition of government controls, government expropriation of facilities, lack of a well-established system of laws and enforcement of those laws, access to a legal system free of undue influence or corruption, political instability, terrorist activities, restrictions on the import or export of critical technology, or adverse tax burdens. 
 
 Our business is also subject to foreign currency exchange rates fluctuations, particularly with respect to the euro, Canadian dollar, Indonesian rupiah, and Pound sterling, as well as various other currencies. Change in the value of currencies of the countries in which we do business relative to the value of the U.S. dollar or euro could affect our ability to sell products competitively and control our cost structure, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, we are subject to foreign exchange translation risk due to changes in the value of foreign currencies in relation to our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. The translation risk is primarily concentrated in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the euro. As the U.S. dollar fluctuates against other currencies in which we transact business, revenue and income can be impacted, include revenue decreases due to unfavorable foreign currency impacts. Strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro and the currencies of the other countries in which we do business, could materially and adversely affect our ability to compete in international markets and our sales growth in future periods. 
 
 Other risks related to our international operations include lack of availability of qualified third-party financing, generally longer receivable collection periods than those commonly practiced in the United States, trade restrictions, changes in tariffs, labor disruptions, difficulties in staffing and managing international operations, difficulties in imposing and enforcing operational and financial controls at international locations, potential insolvency of international distributors, preference for local vendors, burdens of complying with different permitting standards and a wide variety of foreign laws, and obstacles to the repatriation of earnings and cash. 
 
 International expansion and market acceptance depend on our ability to modify our technology to take into account such factors as the applicable regulatory and business environment, labor costs, and other economic conditions. In addition, the laws of certain countries do not protect our products or technologies in the same manner as the laws of the United States. Further, foreign regulations or restrictions, e.g., opposition from unions or works councils, could delay, limit, or disallow significant operating decisions made by our management, including decisions to exit certain businesses, close certain manufacturing 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 locations, or other restructuring actions. There can be no assurance that these factors will not have a material adverse effect on our future international sales and, consequently, on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We may not achieve the anticipated savings and benefits from current or any future restructuring projects and such activities could cause us to incur additional charges in our efforts to improve profitability. 
 
 We have implemented multiple restructuring projects to improve our cost structure, and we may engage in similar restructuring activities in the future. These restructuring activities reduce our available employee talent, assets, and other resources, which could slow research and development, impact ability to respond to customers, increase quality issues, temporarily reduce manufacturing efficiencies, and limit our ability to increase production quickly. In addition, delays in implementing restructuring projects, unexpected costs, unfavorable negotiations with works councils or matters involving third-party service providers, our failure to retain key employees, changes in governmental policies or regulatory matters, adverse market conditions, or failure to meet targeted improvements could change the timing or reduce the overall savings realized from the restructuring project. 
 
 The successful implementation and execution of our restructuring projects are critical to achieving our expected cost savings as well as effectively competing in the marketplace and positioning us for future growth. If our restructuring projects were not executed successfully, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, cash flow, and results of operations. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, prevent fraud, or maintain investor confidence. 
 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable and accurate financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We have devoted significant resources and time to comply with the internal control over financial reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In addition, Section 404 under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that our auditors attest to the operating effectiveness of our controls over financial reporting. Our compliance with the annual internal control report requirement for each fiscal year will depend on the effectiveness of our financial reporting, data systems, and controls across our operating subsidiaries. Furthermore, an important part of our growth strategy has been, and will likely continue to be, the acquisition of complementary businesses, and we expect these systems and controls to become increasingly complex to the extent that we integrate acquisitions and our business grows. Likewise, the complexity of our transactions, systems, and controls may become more difficult to manage. In addition, new accounting standards may have a significant impact on our financial statements in future periods, requiring new or enhanced controls. We cannot be certain that we won't experience deficiencies in the design, implementation, and maintenance of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, especially for acquisition targets that may not have been required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act prior to the date of acquisition. 
 
 Failure to implement new controls or enhancements to controls, difficulties encountered in control implementation or operation, or difficulties in the assimilation of acquired businesses into our control system could result in additional errors, material misstatements, or delays in our financial reporting obligations. Inadequate internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have an unfavorable effect on the trading price of our stock and our access to capital. 
 
 We may encounter strikes or other labor disruptions that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We have significant operations throughout the world. In a number of countries outside the U.S., our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. As the result of various corporate or operational actions, which our management has undertaken or may be made in the future, we could encounter labor disruptions. These disruptions may be subject to local media coverage, which could damage our reputation. Additionally, the disruptions could delay our ability to meet customer orders and could adversely affect our results of operations. Any labor disruptions could also have an impact on our other employees. Employee morale and productivity could suffer, and we may lose valued employees whom we wish to retain. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 We may not realize the expected benefits from strategic alliances, which could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 We have several strategic alliances with large, complex organizations and other companies with which we work to offer complementary products and services. There can be no assurance we will realize the expected benefits from these strategic alliances. If successful, these relationships may be mutually beneficial and result in shared growth. However, alliances carry an element of risk because, in most cases, we must both compete and collaborate with the same company from one market to the next. Should our strategic partnerships fail to perform, we could experience delays in research and development or experience other operational difficulties. 
 
 We are exposed to counterparty default risks with our financial institutions and insurance providers. 
 
 If one or more of the depository institutions in which we maintain significant cash balances were to fail, our ability to access these funds might be temporarily or permanently limited, and we could face material liquidity problems and financial losses. 
 
 The lenders of our 2018 credit facility include several participating financial institutions. Our revolving line of credit allows us to provide letters of credit in support of our obligations for customer contracts and provides additional liquidity. If our lenders were unable to honor their line of credit commitments due to the loss of a participating financial institution or other circumstance, we would need to seek alternative financing, which may not be under acceptable terms, and therefore could adversely impact our ability to successfully bid on future sales contracts and adversely impact our liquidity and ability to fund some of our internal initiatives or future acquisitions. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Technology and Intellectual Property 
 
 If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, we may need to expend significant resources to enforce our rights or suffer competitive injury. 
 
 While we believe our patents and other intellectual property have significant value, it is uncertain that this intellectual property or any intellectual property acquired or developed by us in the future will provide meaningful competitive advantages. There can be no assurance our patents or pending applications will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented by competitors or that rights granted thereunder will provide meaningful proprietary protection. Moreover, competitors may infringe on our patents or successfully avoid them through design innovation. To combat infringement or unauthorized use of our intellectual property, we may initiate litigation, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding a court may decide that a patent or other intellectual property right of ours is not valid or is unenforceable or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology or other intellectual property right at issue on the grounds that it is non-infringing or the legal requirements for an injunction have not been met. Policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and expensive, and we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries that do not protect such rights in the same manner as in the United States. 
 
 We may face losses associated with alleged unauthorized use of third-party intellectual property. 
 
 We may be subject to claims or inquiries regarding alleged unauthorized use of a third-party's intellectual property. An adverse outcome in any intellectual property litigation or negotiation could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require us to license technology or other intellectual property rights from others, require us to comply with injunctions to cease marketing or the use of certain products or brands, or require us to redesign, re-engineer, or rebrand certain products or packaging, any of which could affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are required to seek licenses under patents or other intellectual property rights of others, we may not be able to acquire these licenses at acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, the cost of responding to an intellectual property infringement claim, in terms of legal fees, expenses, and the diversion of management resources, whether or not the claim is valid, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 If our products infringe the intellectual property rights of others, we may be required to indemnify our customers for any damages they suffer. We generally indemnify our customers with respect to infringement by our products of the proprietary rights of third parties. Third parties may assert infringement claims against our customers. These claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of our customers, regardless of the merits of these claims. If any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our customers or may be required to obtain licenses for the products they use. If we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our customers may be forced to stop using our products. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to protect our information technology infrastructure and network against data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security incidents caused by unauthorized access, we could be exposed to an increased risk of customer liability and reputational damage. 
 
 We rely on various information technology systems to capture, process, store, and report data and interact with customers, vendors, and employees. Despite taking steps to secure all information and transactions, our information technology systems, and those of our third-party providers, may be subject to corruption from cyber-attacks, or other network security incidents. Any unauthorized access to data could result in misappropriation of the data or disruption of operations. In addition, hardware, operating system software, software libraries, and applications that we procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacturing that could interfere with the operation of the systems. Misuse of internal applications; theft of intellectual property, trade secrets, or other corporate assets; and inappropriate disclosure of confidential or personal information could stem from such incidents. 
 
 In addition, an increasing number of our products and services connect to and are part of the IIoT, the Internet, telecommunications networks, and public cloud services. As such, the products and services we offer may involve the transmission of large amounts of sensitive and proprietary information over public and private communications networks, as well as the processing and storage of confidential and personal customer data. While we attempt to provide adequate security measures to safeguard our products and services, techniques used to gain unauthorized access to or to sabotage systems are constantly evolving and therefore may not be recognized before they take effect. Unauthorized access, remnant data exposure, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, accidents, employee error or malfeasance, intentional misconduct by computer "hackers", and other disruptions can occur. This can lead to gaps in infrastructure, hardware and software vulnerabilities, and security controls. The exposed or unprotected data can (i) interfere with the delivery of services to our customers, (ii) impede our customers' ability to do business, or (iii) compromise the security of systems and data, which exposes information to unauthorized third parties. Like many companies, we are the target of cyber-attacks of varying degrees of severity. Although such cyber-attacks have not had a material adverse effect on our operating results, there can be no assurance of a similar result in future security incidents. 
 
 Security incidents that occur could expose us to an increased risk of lawsuits, loss of existing or potential customers, harm to our reputation, and increases in our security costs. Depending on the jurisdiction, security incidents could trigger notice requirements to impacted individuals and regulatory investigations leading to penalties and increased reputational harm. 
 
 Any such operational disruption and/or misappropriation of information could result in lost sales, unfavorable publicity, product recalls, or business delays and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We rely on information technology systems that may fail to operate effectively, require upgrades and replacements, or experience breaches. 
 
 Our industry requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructures, which may be subject to disruptions arising from events that are beyond our control. We are dependent on information technology systems, including, but not limited to, networks, applications, and outsourced services. We continually enhance and implement new systems and processes throughout our global operations. 
 
 We offer managed services and software utilizing several data center facilities located worldwide. Any damage to, or failure of, these systems could result in interruptions in the services we provide to our utility customers. As we continue to add capacity to our existing and future data centers, we may move or transfer data. Despite precautions taken during this process, any delayed or unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our services to our utility customers. We also sell vending and pre-payment systems with security features that, if compromised, may lead to claims against us. 
 
 We have a primary enterprise resource planning (ERP) system that maintains sales and transactional information to facilitate processes. This system may require updates and upgrades periodically that could be expensive and time consuming undertakings. Successful upgrades and updates provide many benefits, while unsuccessful upgrades and updates may cost us significant time and resources. 
 
 The failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or a breach in security of these systems due to computer viruses, hacking, acts of terrorism, and other causes could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations by harming our ability to accurately forecast sales demand, manage our supply chain and production facilities, achieve accuracy in the conversion of electronic data and records, and report 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. In addition, due to the systemic internal control features within ERP systems, we may experience difficulties that could affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Financial and Market Risks 
 
 Our variable rate indebtedness could subject us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 
 The 2018 credit facility bears, and other indebtedness we may incur in the future may bear, interest at a variable rate. As a result, at any given time interest rates on the 2018 credit facility and any other variable rate debt could be higher or lower than current levels. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on our variable rate indebtedness may increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and therefore net income and associated cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, may correspondingly decrease. While we continually monitor and assess our interest rate risk relative to the value of related debt and have previously entered into derivative instruments to manage such risk, these instruments could be ineffective at mitigating all or a part of our risk, including changes to the applicable margin under our 2018 credit facility. 
 
 The alteration or discontinuation of LIBOR may adversely affect our borrowing costs. 
 
 Certain of our interest rate derivatives and a portion of our indebtedness bear interest at variable interest rates, primarily based on LIBOR, which is subject to regulatory guidance and/or reform that could cause interest rates under our current or future debt agreements to perform differently than in the past or cause other unanticipated consequences. In July 2017, the Chief Executive of the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), which regulates LIBOR, announced that the FCA will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. However, on November 30, 2020, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited announced its plan to extend the date that most U.S. LIBOR values would cease being computed from December 31, 2021 to June 30, 2023. Such announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed, and the timing of such discontinuation, modifications or other reforms to LIBOR is uncertain. However, the discontinuation of LIBOR as a reference rate will require any debt referencing LIBOR to be amended or modified to utilize an alternative reference rate, require an adjustment to the applicable margin and/or require adjustments to other terms or covenants, any of which may unfavorably impact borrowing costs. The 2018 credit facility was amended in the fourth quarter of 2022 to replace LIBOR with Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus a credit spread of 10 basis points. 
 
 Disruption and turmoil in global credit and financial markets, which may be exacerbated by the inability of certain countries to continue to service their sovereign debt obligations, and the possible unfavorable implications of such events for the global economy, may unfavorably impact our business, liquidity, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 The current economic conditions, including volatility in the availability of credit and foreign exchange rates and extended economic slowdowns, have contributed to the instability in some global credit and financial markets. Additionally, at-risk financial institutions in certain countries may, without forewarning, seize a portion of depositors' account balances. The seized funds would be used to recapitalize the at-risk financial institution and would no longer be available for the depositors' use. If such seizure were to occur at financial institutions where we have funds on deposit, it could have a significant impact on our overall liquidity. While the ultimate outcome of these events cannot be predicted, it is possible that such events may have an unfavorable impact on the global economy and our business, liquidity, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 We have pension benefit obligations, which could have a material impact on our earnings, liabilities, and shareholders' equity and could have significant adverse impacts in future periods. 
 
 We sponsor both funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans for our international employees, primarily in Germany, France, Indonesia, India, and Italy. Our general funding policy for these qualified pension plans is to contribute amounts sufficient to satisfy regulatory funding standards of the respective countries for each plan. 
 
 The determination of pension plan expense, benefit obligation, and future contributions depends heavily on market factors such as the discount rate and the actual return on plan assets. We estimate pension plan expense, benefit obligation, and future contributions to these plans using assumptions with respect to these and other items. Changes to those assumptions could have a significant effect on future contributions, as well as on our annual pension costs and/or result in a significant change to shareholders' equity. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Changes in tax laws, valuation allowances, and unanticipated tax liabilities could adversely affect our effective income tax rate and profitability. 
 
 We are subject to income tax in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We establish reserves for tax-related uncertainties based on estimates of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. These reserves may be established when we believe that certain positions might be challenged despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances. The provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve positions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate, as well as valuation allowances when we determine it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset cannot be realized. In addition, future changes in tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material impact on our effective income tax rate and profitability. We regularly assess these matters to determine the adequacy of our tax provision, which is subject to significant judgment. 
 
 Beginning January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures currently and requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five or fifteen years, dependent upon the geography in which the expenditures are incurred. Although Congress has considered legislation that would defer, modify, or repeal the capitalization and amortization requirement, as of year-end no such deferral has been passed. The income tax provision has been prepared according to currently enacted tax legislation. 
 
 In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law, which made a number of changes to the Internal Revenue Code, including adding a 1 excise tax on stock buybacks by publicly traded corporations and a 15 minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income of certain large companies. We are subject to the new 1 excise tax beginning January 1, 2023, but the amount will vary depending upon various factors. The 15 minimum tax only applies to corporations with average book income in excess of 1 billion, so is not currently applicable. 
 
 The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) guidance under the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) initiative aims to minimize perceived tax abuses and modernize global tax policy. The Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives (ATAD), issued by the Council of the European Union (EU), provide further recommendations for legislative changes under these tax policies. These BEPS recommendations and ATAD measures are being implemented through legislative changes in countries throughout the world. The OECD has also proceeded with the advancement under Action 1 ("Addressing the Tax Challenges of the Digital Economy") of the 'BEPS 2.0 initiative', which proposes further fundamental changes to the international tax system. This project includes a framework for providing taxing rights to jurisdictions based on the location of the consumer regardless of current physical presence of a company. A second component would implement a global minimum tax of 15 . On October 8, 2021, the G20/OECD Inclusive Framework on BEPS published a statement on the components of global tax reform agreed to by most member countries. The key components would allocate a portion of profits of the largest businesses amongst their markets, curtail new digital services taxes, and introduce a new global minimum tax of 15 . On December 20, 2021, the OECD released model rules to guide countries on implementing and calculating the 15 global minimum tax, and on December 12, 2022, the EU member states agreed to implement the OECD Pillar 2 global minimum tax rate of 15 on companies with revenues of at least 750 million euro, which would go into effect in 2024. Certain countries including the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, Australia, and South Korea are actively considering changes to their tax laws to adopt certain parts of the OECD's proposals. These components do not result in any financial impact until enacted. The Company is monitoring developments and additional details as they are released to determine the impacts these new components will have on our business. 
 
 A significant number of our products are affected by the availability and regulation of radio spectrum and could be affected by interference with the radio spectrum that we use. 
 
 A significant number of our products use radio spectrum, which are subject to regulation by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC). The FCC may adopt changes to the rules for our licensed and unlicensed frequency bands that are incompatible with our business. In the past, the FCC has adopted changes to the requirements for equipment using radio spectrum, and it is possible that the FCC or the U.S. Congress will adopt additional changes. 
 
 Although radio licenses are generally required for radio stations, Part 15 of the FCC's rules permits certain low-power radio devices (Part 15 devices) to operate on an unlicensed basis. Part 15 devices are designed for use on frequencies used by others. These other users may include licensed users, which have priority over Part 15 users. Part 15 devices may not cause harmful interference to licensed users and must be designed to accept interference from licensed radio devices. In the United States, our 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 smart metering solutions are typically Part 15 devices that transmit information to (and receive information from, if applicable) handheld, mobile, or fixed network systems pursuant to these rules. 
 
 We depend upon sufficient radio spectrum to be allocated by the FCC for our intended uses. As to the licensed frequencies, there is some risk that there may be insufficient available frequencies in some markets to sustain our planned operations. The unlicensed frequencies are available for a wide variety of uses and may not be entitled to protection from interference by other users who operate in accordance with FCC rules. The unlicensed frequencies are also often the subject of proposals to the FCC requesting a change in the rules under which such frequencies may be used. If the unlicensed frequencies become crowded to unacceptable levels, restrictive, or subject to changed rules governing their use, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We have committed, and will continue to commit, significant resources to the development of products that use particular radio frequencies. Action by the FCC could require modifications to our products. The inability to modify our products to meet such requirements, the possible delays in completing such modifications, and the cost of such modifications all could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Outside of the United States, certain of our products require the use of RF and are subject to regulations in those jurisdictions where we have deployed such equipment. In some jurisdictions, radio station licensees are generally required to operate a radio transmitter, and such licenses may be granted for a fixed term and must be periodically renewed. In other jurisdictions, the rules permit certain low power devices to operate on an unlicensed basis. Our smart metering solutions typically transmit to (and receive information from, if applicable) handheld, mobile, or fixed network reading devices in license-exempt bands pursuant to rules regulating such use. In Europe, we generally use the 169 megahertz (MHz), 433/4 MHz, and 868 MHz bands. In the rest of the world, we primarily use the 433/4 MHz, 920 MHz and 2.4000-2.4835 gigahertz (GHz) bands, as well as other local license-exempt bands. To the extent we introduce new products designed for use in the United States or another country into a new market, such products may require significant modification or redesign to meet frequency requirements and other regulatory specifications. In some countries, limitations on frequency availability or the cost of making necessary modifications may preclude us from selling our products in those jurisdictions. In addition, new consumer products may create interference with the performance of our products, which could lead to claims against us. 
 
 Changes in environmental regulations, violations of such regulations, or future environmental liabilities could cause us to incur significant costs and could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Our business and our facilities are subject to numerous laws, regulations, and ordinances governing, among other things, the storage, discharge, handling, emission, generation, manufacture, disposal, remediation of and exposure to toxic or other hazardous substances, and certain waste products. Many of these environmental laws and regulations subject current or previous owners or operators of land to liability for the costs of investigation, removal, or remediation of hazardous materials. In addition, these laws and regulations typically impose liability regardless of whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of any hazardous materials and regardless of whether the actions that led to the presence were conducted in compliance with the law. In the ordinary course of our business, we use metals, solvents, and similar materials, which are stored on-site. The waste created by the use of these materials is transported off-site on a regular basis by unaffiliated waste haulers. Many environmental laws and regulations require generators of waste to take remedial actions at, or in relation to, the off-site disposal location even if the disposal was conducted in compliance with the law. The requirements of these laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, and could become more stringent in the future. Failure to comply with current or future environmental regulations could result in the imposition of substantial fines, suspension of production, alteration of our production processes, cessation of operations, or other actions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. There can be no assurance that a claim, investigation, or liability would not arise with respect to these activities or that the cost of complying with governmental regulations in the future, either for an individual claim or in aggregate of multiple claims, would not have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Our international sales and operations are subject to complex laws relating to foreign corrupt practices and anti-bribery laws, among many others, and a violation of, or change in, these laws could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act requires U.S. companies to comply with an extensive legal framework to prevent bribery of foreign officials. The laws are complex and require that we closely monitor local practices of our overseas offices. The U.S. Department of Justice continues to heighten enforcement of these laws. In addition, other countries continue to implement similar laws that may have extra-territorial effect. In the United Kingdom, where we have operations, the U.K. Bribery Act imposes significant oversight obligations on us and could impact our operations outside the United Kingdom. The costs for complying with these and similar laws may be significant and could require significant management time and focus. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Any violation of these or similar laws, intentional or unintentional, could result in fines and/or criminal penalties and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Further, we operate in some parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption, and, in certain circumstances, local customs and practice might not be consistent with the requirements of anti-corruption laws. We remain subject to the risk that our employees, third party partners, or agents will engage in business practices that are prohibited by our policies and violate such laws and regulations. 
 
 Regulations related to "conflict minerals" may force us to incur additional expenses, may result in damage to our business reputation, and may adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. 
 
 The SEC has adopted rules regarding disclosure for companies that use certain minerals and derivative metals (referred to as "conflict minerals", regardless of their actual country of origin) in their products. Some of these metals are commonly used in electronic equipment and devices, including our products. These requirements require companies to investigate, disclose and report whether such metals originated from the Democratic Republic of Congo or adjoining countries and required due diligence efforts. We may not be able to sufficiently verify the origins for all minerals used in our products, and our reputation may suffer if we determine that our products contain conflict minerals that are not determined to be conflict free or if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all conflict minerals used in our products. At times, our customers also request or require that we confirm whether our products contain conflict-free minerals, and this may result in challenges in timely satisfying such customers' requests, if at all. There are costs associated with complying with these disclosure requirements, including for diligence to determine the sources of conflict minerals used in our products and related components and other potential changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. Further interpretation and implementation of these rules could adversely affect the sourcing, supply, and pricing of materials used in our products. 

Item 1B:Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2: Properties 
 We own our headquarters facility, which is located in Liberty Lake, Washington. 
 The following table lists our major manufacturing facilities by region and location as of December 31, 2022: 
 Region Location Square Footage North America Oconee, SC (O) Waseca, MN (L) 325,840 110,000 Europe, Middle East, and Africa Chasseneuil, France (O) Macon, France (O) Massy, France (L) Oldenburg, Germany (L) Asti, Italy (O) 160,027 203,513 64,357 90,212 55,834 Asia/Pacific Bekasi, Indonesia (O) 113,222 
 
 (O) - Manufacturing facility is owned 
 (L) - Manufacturing facility is leased 
 
 Our principal properties are in good condition, and we believe our current facilities are sufficient to support our operations. 
 
 In addition to our manufacturing facilities, we have numerous sales offices, research and development facilities, and distribution centers, which are located throughout the world. 

Item 3: Legal Proceedings 
 
 SEC regulations require us to disclose certain information about proceedings arising under federal, state or local environmental provisions if we reasonably believe that such proceedings may result in monetary sanctions above a stated threshold. Pursuant to the SEC regulations, Itron uses a threshold of 1 million or more for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such environmental proceedings is required. 
 
 In conjunction with the Actaris S.p.A. (Actaris) acquisition in April 2007, Itron assumed Actaris s environmental cleanup liability and the related legal recourse for the Frosinone site in Italy. This site was originally owned and operated by Schlumberger before Schlumberger contributed it to Actaris in the course of the spin off of Actaris from Schlumberger Industries S.p.A on August 1, 2001. Since 2001, Schlumberger has fully reimbursed Actaris, and Itron as successor to Actaris s interests, for the Frosinone site remediation costs pursuant to an indemnification agreement. In December 2022, Itron was presented with a remediation plan, which addressed the water contamination issues, with an estimated cost of 1.9 million. Schlumberger will fully reimburse Itron. The proposal will be submitted to the Italian Authorities in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 In 2007-2008, Itron acquired an industrial site located at 1310 Emerald Road, Greenwood, South Carolina. Previous site owners used various chlorinated solvents and potential contaminants at the site. In 2013, Itron entered into a voluntary cleanup contract with the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control (DHEC). Itron completed that process in 2019. In October 2021, DHEC sent Itron and three other potentially responsible parties (PRPs) a proposed site remediation plan with an estimated cost of 3.7 million. Itron objected to the proposed plan at a public hearing on November 4, 2021, and again in a letter to DHEC dated January 13, 2022. Given that the contamination arose from activities prior to Itron's ownership of the property and past remediation efforts, Itron has disputed its responsibility for any alleged contamination and suggested alternative proposals. Itron will continue to seek a reasonable resolution with DHEC and the other PRPs. 

Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5: Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol ITRI. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the five-year cumulative total return to shareholders on our common stock with the five-year cumulative total return of our peer group of companies used for the year ended December 31, 2022, peer group of companies used for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the NASDAQ Composite Index. 
 
 100 invested on December 31, 2017, in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 Fiscal years ending December 31. 
 The performance graph above is being furnished solely to accompany this Report pursuant to Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 
 The above presentation assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in the common stock of Itron, Inc., the peer groups, and the NASDAQ Composite Index, with all dividends reinvested. With respect to companies in the peer groups, the returns of each such corporation have been weighted to reflect relative stock market capitalization at the beginning of each annual period plotted. The historical stock prices shown above for our common stock are not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Each year, we reassess our peer group to identify global companies that are either direct competitors or have similar industry and business operating characteristics. Our 2022 peer group includes the following publicly traded companies: LM Ericsson Telephone Company, Landis+Gyr, Mueller Water Products, and Xylem, Inc. (formerly Sensus). Our 2021 peer group includes the following publicly trade companies: Badger Meter, Inc., Landis+Gyr, Mueller Water Products, and Xylem, Inc. (formerly Sensus). 
 
 Issuer Repurchase of Equity Securities Period Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share (2) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs In thousands October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 75,000 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 75,000 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 75,000 Total 
 
 (1) Effective November 1, 2021, Itron's Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of up to 100 million of Itron's common stock over an 18-month period. Repurchases are made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions and in accordance with applicable securities laws. 
 (2) Excludes commissions. 
 
 Holders 
 At February 22, 2023, there were 152 holders of record of our common stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 Since the inception of the Company, we have not declared or paid cash dividends. We intend to retain future earnings for the development of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Item 6: [Reserved] 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis compares the change in the consolidated financial statements for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 and should be read in conjunction with Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. For comparisons of fiscal years 2021 and 2020, see our Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 28, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 The objective of Management's Discussion and Analysis is to provide our assessment of the financial condition and results of operations, including an evaluation of our liquidity and capital resources along with material events occurring during the year. The discussion and analysis focuses on material events and uncertainties known to management that are reasonably likely to cause reported financial information not to be necessarily indicative of future operating results or of future financial condition. In addition, we address matters that are reasonably likely, based on management's assessment, to have a material impact on future operations. We expect the analysis will enhance a reader's understanding of our financial condition, cash flows, and other changes in financial condition and results of operations. 
 Overview 
 
 We are a technology and service company, and we are a leader in the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT). We offer solutions that enable utilities and municipalities to safely, securely and reliably operate their critical infrastructure. Our solutions include the deployment of smart networks, software, services, devices, sensors, and data analytics that allow our customers to manage assets, secure revenue, lower operational costs, improve customer service, improve safety, and enable efficient management of valuable resources. Our comprehensive solutions and data analytics address the unique challenges facing the energy, water, and municipality sectors, including increasing demand on resources, non-technical loss, leak detection, environmental and regulatory compliance, and improved operational reliability. 
 
 We operate under the Itron brand worldwide and manage and report under three operating segments: Device Solutions, Networked Solutions, and Outcomes. The product and operating definitions of the three segments are as follows: 
 
 Device Solutions This segment primarily includes hardware products used for measurement, control, or sensing that do not have communications capability embedded for use with our broader Itron systems, i.e., hardware-based products not part of a complete end-to-end solution. Examples from the Device Solutions portfolio include: standard endpoints that are shipped without Itron communications, such as our standard gas, electricity, and water meters for a variety of global markets and adhering to regulations and standards within those markets, as well as our heat and allocation products; communicating meters that are not a part of an Itron end-to-end solution, such as Smart Spec meters; and the implementation and installation of non-communicating devices. 
 
 Networked Solutions This segment primarily includes a combination of communicating devices (e.g., smart meters, modules, endpoints, and sensors), network infrastructure, and associated application software designed and sold as a complete solution for acquiring and transporting robust application-specific data. Networked Solutions includes products and software for the implementation, installation, and management of communicating devices and data networks. The Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) solutions supported by this segment include automated meter reading (AMR), advanced metering infrastructure (AMI), distributed energy resource management (DERMs), smart grid and distribution automation, smart street lighting, and an ever-growing set of smart city applications such as traffic management, smart parking, air quality monitoring, electric vehicle charging, customer engagement, digital signage, acoustic (e.g., gunshot) detection, and leak detection and mitigation for both gas and water systems. Our IIoT platform allows all these utility and smart city applications to be run and managed on a single, multi-purpose network. 
 
 Outcomes This segment primarily includes our value-added, enhanced software and services in which we manage, organize, analyze, and interpret raw, anonymized and aggregated data to improve decision making, maximize operational profitability, drive resource efficiency, improve grid analytics, and deliver results for consumers, utilities, and smart cities. Outcomes supports high-value use cases such as data management, grid operations, distributed intelligence, operations management, gas distribution and safety, water operations management, revenue assurance, DERMs, energy forecasting, consumer engagement, smart payment, and fleet energy resource management. Utilities leverage these outcomes to capitalize on the power of networks and devices, empower their workforce, maximize their operations and enhance the customer experience. The revenues from these offerings are primarily recurring in nature and would include any direct management of Device Solutions, Networked Solutions, and other products on behalf of our end customers. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We have three measures of segment performance: revenues, gross profit (margin), and operating income (margin). Intersegment revenues are minimal. Certain operating expenses are allocated to the operating segments based upon internally established allocation methodologies. Interest income, interest expense, other income (expense), the income tax provision (benefit), and certain corporate operating expenses are neither allocated to the segments nor included in the measures of segment performance. 
 
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP), we use certain adjusted or non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP operating expense, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share (EPS), adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow, and constant currency. We provide these non-GAAP financial measures because we believe they provide greater transparency and represent supplemental information used by management in its financial and operational decision making. We exclude certain costs in our non-GAAP financial measures as we believe the net result is a measure of our core business. We believe these measures facilitate operating performance comparisons from period to period by eliminating potential differences caused by the existence and timing of certain expense items that would not otherwise be apparent on a GAAP basis. Non-GAAP performance measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, results prepared in accordance with GAAP. We strongly encourage investors and shareholders to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Our non-GAAP financial measures may be different from those reported by other companies. 
 
 In our discussions of the operating results below, we may refer to the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which are references to the differences between the foreign currency exchange rates we use to convert operating results from local currencies into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes. We also use the term "constant currency", which represents results adjusted to exclude foreign currency exchange rate impacts. We calculate the constant currency change as the difference between the current period results translated using the current period currency exchange rates and the comparable prior period's results restated using current period currency exchange rates. We believe the reconciliations of changes in constant currency provide useful supplementary information to investors in light of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Refer to the Non-GAAP Measures section below on pages 43-46 for information about these non-GAAP measures and the detailed reconciliation of items that impacted non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP diluted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, and free cash flow in the periods presented. 

Total Company Highlights 
 
 Highlights and significant developments for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenues were 1.8 billion compared with 2.0 billion last year, a decrease of 186.0 million , or 9 
 Gross margin was 29.1 compared with 28.9 last year 
 Operating expenses decreased 122.8 million, or 19 , compared with 2021 
 Net loss attributable to Itron, Inc. was 9.7 million compared with 81.3 million in 2021 
 GAAP loss per share was 0.22 compared with loss per share of 1.83 in 2021 
 Non-GAAP net income attributable to Itron, Inc. was 51.0 million compared with 78.1 million in 2021 
 Non-GAAP diluted EPS was 1.13 compared with 1.75 in 2021 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased 20.1 million, or 17 , to 95.1 million compared with adjusted EBITDA of 115.2 million in 2021 
 Total backlog was 4.6 billion, and 12-month backlog was 2.1 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 4.0 billion and 1.5 billion at December 31, 2021 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill Impairment 
 As the result of increases in raw material, component, labor and other costs, coupled with a decrease in forecasted revenue within the Device Solutions operating segment and reporting unit, which we determined during the second quarter of 2022, we performed an interim goodwill impairment test. At the conclusion of the test, a goodwill impairment of 38.5 million was recognized in our Corporate unallocated segment as of June 30, 2022. No interim impairment test was determined to be necessary for the Networked Solutions or Outcomes reporting units. Refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a description of our reporting units and our method used to determine the fair values of our reporting units and to determine the amount of any goodwill impairment. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 Effective November 1, 2021, Itron's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 100 million of our common stock over an 18-month period (the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program). Repurchases are made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, and in accordance with applicable securities laws. During the first quarter of 2022, we repurchased 279,968 shares of our common stock under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program. The average price paid per share was 60.60 (excluding commissions) for a total of 17.0 million. No shares were repurchased for the remainder of 2022. Following the announcement of the program and through 2022, we repurchased 405,282 shares at an average price paid per share of 61.67 (excluding commissions) for total of 25.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we are authorized to repurchase up to an additional 75 million before May 1, 2023. 
 
 Sale of Business 
 On November 2, 2021, Itron entered into a definitive securities and asset purchase agreement to sell certain Gas product lines from our Device Solutions manufacturing and business operations in Europe and North America to Dresser Utility Solutions (Dresser). The sale included one German subsidiary Itron GmbH along with its business operations, personnel, and the owned manufacturing facility in Karlsruhe; the business operations, personnel, and assets associated with the leased manufacturing facility in Argenteuil, France; and the business and manufacturing assets maintained at one of our contract manufacturers in North America. The base sale price of this divestiture was 75.0 million, with adjustments for (1) pension liabilities assumed by Dresser for related active employees and (2) the final working capital balance. Cash proceeds from the sale were 55.9 million. 
 
 The transaction closed on February 28, 2022. The final sales price and loss on sale were determined after the finalization of the working capital adjustment, recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022. As of December 31, 2021, we recognized a pre-tax impairment loss of 34.4 million as well as 3.1 million for professional services in conjunction with the planned sale to Dresser (classified within loss on sale of businesses within the Consolidated Statements of Operations). In determining the amount of the impairment loss for the assets of this transaction during the fourth quarter of 2021, we included 59.7 million of accumulated foreign currency translation losses and 0.9 million in unrealized loss on defined benefit pension plans, both classified within accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI). Upon closing of the sale transaction in the first quarter of 2022, the then outstanding amounts in AOCI were reclassified to net income through loss on sale of businesses for a total of 55.4 million, with a corresponding reversal of the impairment loss originally booked in the fourth quarter of 2021. The difference between the amounts included for the impairment loss in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022 was driven by the change in the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate, and operating results for the period owned in 2022. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we recognized additional loss of 2.2 million related to changes in the working capital balances and additional professional services. In the second quarter of 2022, the loss increased by 0.2 million for professional services related to the divestiture. In the third quarter of 2022, we recognized additional loss of 0.8 million related primarily to a true-up in the working capital balances. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized additional loss of 0.3 million related to changes in the working capital balance and other charges related to the finalization of the transaction. We recognized a total loss of 3.5 million in 2022. 
 
 Credit Facility Amendment 
 On February 21, 2023, we entered into a sixth amendment to our credit facility that was initially entered on January 5, 2018 (the 2018 credit facility). This amendment modifies provisions to allow for the addback for debt covenant calculations of non-recurring cash expenses related to restructuring charges to be incurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2023. Refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 6: Debt for further details. 
 
 2023 Restructuring Projects 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board of Directors of Itron approved a restructuring plan (the 2023 Projects). The 2023 Projects include activities that continue the Company's efforts to optimize its global supply chain and manufacturing operations, sales and marketing organizations, and other overhead. These projects are to be substantially complete by early 2025. Itron estimates pre-tax restructuring charges of 40-45 million. Of the total estimated charge, approximately 95 will result in cash expenditures, and the remainder to non-cash impairment charges. The majority of the expense will be recognized during the 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 first quarter of 2023. Once the 2023 Projects are substantially completed, Itron estimates 14-17 million in annualized savings. Certain of Itron's employees are represented by unions or works councils, which requires consultation, and potential restructuring projects may be subject to regulatory approval, both of which could impact the timing of planned savings in certain jurisdictions. 
 
 Impact of COVID-19, Supply Chain Challenges, and the Conflict in Ukraine 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had global economic impacts including disrupting customer demand and global supply chains, resulting in market volatility. The extent of the recent pandemic and its ongoing impact on our operations is volatile, but is being monitored closely by our management. New variants of the virus may cause previously lifted restrictions to be reinstated, which could result in more disruptions. As economies have reopened, global supply chains have struggled to keep pace with rapidly changing demand. The resulting supply constraints have manifested across a variety of areas including mechanical, electrical and logistics portions of the supply chain, which has impacted our ability to ship products in a timely manner. In particular, our ability to obtain adequate supply of semiconductor components has impacted our ability to service recovering customer demand. While we believe the current imbalance in supply and demand is temporal, the timeline to recovery is uncertain. Efforts are ongoing with suppliers to increase supply, including the approval of alternate sources. Recently, inflation in our raw materials and component costs, freight charges, and labor costs have increased above historical levels, due to, among other things, the continuing impacts of the pandemic and uncertain economic environment. We may or may not be able to fully recover these increased costs through pricing actions with our customers. At this time, we have not identified any significant decrease in long-term customer demand for our products and services. However, certain of our customer projects have experienced delay in deliveries, with revenue originally forecasted in prior periods shifting to future periods. For more information on risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, please see our risk in Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors. 
 
 While we have limited direct business exposure in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine, the Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy, as well as further disrupt the supply chain. A major disruption in the global economy and supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions, and resulting market and/or supply disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial . During the third quarter of 2022, we substantially liquidated our legal entity in Russia, recognizing a loss of 1.9 million for the reclassification of the currency translation adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income. The loss was classified within sales, general and administrative expense within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Total Company GAAP and Non-GAAP Highlights and Unit Shipments 
 Year Ended December 31, In thousands, except margin and per share data 2022 Change 2021 GAAP Revenues Product revenues 1,500,243 (11) 1,678,195 Service revenues 295,321 (3) 303,377 Total revenues 1,795,564 (9) 1,981,572 Gross profit 522,189 (9) 573,169 Operating expenses 529,628 (19) 652,468 Operating loss (7,439) 91 (79,299) Other income (expense) (8,304) 81 (44,511) Income tax benefit 6,196 (86) 45,512 Net loss attributable to Itron, Inc. (9,732) 88 (81,255) Non-GAAP (1) 
 Non-GAAP operating expenses 463,766 (7) 497,604 Non-GAAP operating income 58,423 (23) 75,565 Non-GAAP net income attributable to Itron, Inc. 50,987 (35) 78,103 Adjusted EBITDA 95,071 (17) 115,211 GAAP Margins and EPS Gross margin Product gross margin 26.5 26.6 Service gross margin 42.1 41.6 Total gross margin 29.1 28.9 Operating margin (0.4) (4.0) Net loss per common share - Basic (0.22) (1.83) Net loss per common share - Diluted (0.22) (1.83) Non-GAAP EPS (1) 
 Non-GAAP diluted EPS 1.13 1.75 
 
 (1) These measures exclude certain expenses that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating results. See pages 43-46 for information about these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. 
 
 Definition of an Endpoint Under Management 
 An "endpoint under management" is a unique endpoint, or data from that endpoint, which Itron manages via our networked platform or a third party's platform that is connected to one or multiple types of endpoints. Itron's management of an endpoint occurs when on behalf of our client, we manage one or more of the physical endpoints, operating system, data, application, data analytics, and/or outcome deriving from this unique endpoint. Itron has the ability to monitor and/or manage endpoints or the data from the endpoints via Network-as-a-Service (NaaS), Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), and/or a licensed offering at a remote location designated by our client. Our offerings typically, but not exclusively, provide an Itron product or Itron certified partner product to our clients that has the capability of one-way communication or two-way communication of data that may include remote product configuration and upgradability. Examples of these offerings include our Temetra, OpenWay , OpenWay Riva and Gen X. 
 
 This metric primarily includes Itron or third-party endpoints deployed within the electricity, water, and gas utility industries, as well as within cities and municipalities around the globe. Endpoints under management also include smart communication modules and network interface cards (NICs) within Itron's platforms. At times, these NICs are communicating modules that 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 were sold separately from an Itron product directly to our customers or to third party manufacturers for use in endpoints such as electric, water, and gas meters; streetlights and other types of IIoT sensors and actuators; sensors and other capabilities that the end customer would like Itron to connect and manage on their behalf. 
 
 The "endpoint under management" metric only accounts for the specific, unique endpoint itself, though that endpoint may have multiple applications, services, outcomes, and higher margin recurring offerings associated with it. This metric does not reflect the multi-application value that can be derived from the individual endpoint itself. Additionally, this metric excludes those endpoints that are non-communicating, non-Itron system hardware component sales or licensed applications that Itron does not manage the unit or the data from that unit directly. 
 
 While the one-time sale of the platform and endpoints are primarily delivered via our Networked Solutions segment, our enhanced solutions, on-going monitoring, maintenance, software, analytics, and distributed intelligent applications are predominantly recognized in our Outcomes segment. We anticipate the opportunity to increase our penetration of Outcomes applications, software, and managed applications will increase as our endpoints under management increases. Management believes using the endpoints under management metric enhances insight to the strategic and operational direction of our Networked Solutions and Outcomes segments to serve clients for years after their one-time installation of an endpoint. 
 
 A summary of our endpoints under management is as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Units in thousands 2022 2021 2020 Endpoints under management 93,941 82,354 74,184 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Revenues and Gross Margin 
 
 The actual results of and effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on revenues and gross profit were as follows: 
 Effect of Changes in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Constant Currency Change Total Change Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Total Company Revenues 1,795,564 1,981,572 (70,849) (115,159) (186,008) Gross profit 522,189 573,169 (15,348) (35,632) (50,980) 
 
 Revenues 
 Revenues decreased 186.0 million in 2022 compared with 2021. We have been unfavorably impacted by global component constraints, which limited our ability to fulfill customer demand, as well as the sale of certain Gas product lines from our Device Solutions manufacturing and business operations in Europe and North America to Dresser during the first quarter of 2022. Product revenues decreased 178.0 million in 2022 and service revenues decreased 8.1 million in 2022 as compared with 2021. Device Solutions decreased by 206.4 million; Networked Solutions increased by 26.6 million; and Outcomes decreased by 6.3 million when compared with the same period last year. Changes in currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted revenues by 70.8 million in 2022, primarily in Device Solutions. 
 
 No single customer represented more than 10 of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our 10 largest customers accounted for 32 of total revenues in 2022 and 25 of total revenues in 2021. 
 
 Gross Margin 
 Gross margin was 29.1 for 2022, compared with 28.9 in 2021. We were favorably impacted by product and solution mix partially offset by higher component costs and manufacturing inefficiencies in 2022 compared with 2021. Product sales gross margin decreased to 26.5 in 2022 from 26.6 in 2021. Gross margin on service revenues increased to 42.1 from 41.6 in 2021. 
 
 Refer to Operating Segment Results section below for further detail on total company revenues and gross margin. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 
 The actual results of and effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on operating expenses were as follows: 
 Effect of Changes in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Constant Currency Change Total Change Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Total Company Sales, general and administrative 290,453 300,520 (13,013) 2,946 (10,067) Research and development 185,098 197,235 (946) (11,191) (12,137) Amortization of intangible assets 25,717 35,801 (730) (9,354) (10,084) Restructuring (13,625) 54,623 265 (68,513) (68,248) Loss on sale of businesses 3,505 64,289 (3,467) (57,317) (60,784) Goodwill impairment 38,480 38,480 38,480 Total operating expenses 529,628 652,468 (17,891) (104,949) (122,840) 
 
 Operating expenses decreased 122.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared with the same period in 2021. This was due to a decrease of 68.2 million in restructuring related primarily to the 2021 Projects. The loss on sale of businesses of 64.3 million in 2021 includes the impairment resulting from the sale of certain Gas product lines from our Device Solutions manufacturing and business operations in Europe and North America to Dresser and an increase to the loss related to the 2020 Latin America divestiture. There was also a decrease of 12.1 million in research and development, 10.1 million in sales, general and administrative, and 10.1 million in amortization of intangible assets. The reduction in sales, general and administrative and research and development expenses were primarily driven by management's cost saving actions, as well as reductions in labor costs and variable compensation. The decreases were partially offset by 38.5 million in goodwill impairment, recognized in 2022. Refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 5: Goodwill , Note 13: Restructuring, and Note 18: Sale of Businesses for more details. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 The following table shows the components of other income (expense): 
 Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 Change 2021 Interest income 2,633 69 1,557 Amortization of prepaid debt fees (3,499) (81) (18,253) Other interest expense (3,225) (69) (10,385) Interest expense (6,724) (77) (28,638) Other income (expense), net (4,213) (76) (17,430) Total other income (expense) (8,304) (81) (44,511) 
 
 Total other income (expense) for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a net expense of 8.3 million compared with 44.5 million in 2021. 
 
 The change in other income (expense), net, for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared with the same period in 2021 was primarily driven by 2021 activity: 12.2 million write-off of prepaid debt fees associated with the repayment of senior subordinated notes, 2.6 million in lower debt fee amortization, 11.7 million related to the extinguishment of debt in other income (expense), net, as well as lower interest costs of 5.4 million for bonds and 2.2 million for the term loan, with such borrowings fully repaid in 2021. 

Income Tax Provision 
 
 Our income tax benefit was 6.2 million and 45.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 differed from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 due to losses in jurisdictions for which no benefit is recognized because of valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, the level of profit or losses in domestic and international jurisdictions, stock-based compensation, and uncertain tax positions. The 2021 tax benefit related largely to the release of a valuation allowance on U.S. foreign tax credit deferred tax assets that were utilized in 2021. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

For additional discussion related to income taxes, refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 11: Income Taxes. 

Operating Segment Results 
 
 For a description of our operating segments, refer to Part I, Item 1: Business, Our Operating Segments included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the above Overview section. The following tables and discussion highlight significant changes in trends or components of each operating segment: 
 Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 Change 2021 Segment revenues Device Solutions 438,710 (32) 645,104 Networked Solutions 1,119,268 2 1,092,631 Outcomes 237,586 (3) 243,837 Total revenues 
 1,795,564 (9) 1,981,572 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 In thousands Gross 
 Profit 
 Gross 
 Margin 
 Gross Profit Gross Margin Segment gross profit and margin Device Solutions 61,778 14.1 99,355 15.4 Networked Solutions 361,975 32.3 378,633 34.7 Outcomes 98,436 41.4 95,181 39.0 Total gross profit and margin 
 522,189 29.1 573,169 28.9 Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 Change 2021 Segment operating expenses Device Solutions 35,075 (17) 42,138 Networked Solutions 113,707 (8) 124,199 Outcomes 52,189 17 44,550 Corporate unallocated 328,657 (26) 441,581 Total operating expenses 
 529,628 (19) 652,468 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 In thousands Operating 
 Income 
 (Loss) 
 Operating 
 Margin 
 Operating Income (Loss) Operating Margin Segment operating income (loss) and operating margin Device Solutions 26,703 6.1 57,217 8.9 Networked Solutions 248,268 22.2 254,434 23.3 Outcomes 46,247 19.5 50,631 20.8 Corporate unallocated (328,657) NM (441,581) NM Total operating loss and operating margin 
 (7,439) (0.4) (79,299) (4.0) 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Device Solutions 
 
 The effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the constant currency changes in certain Device Solutions segment financial results were as follows: 
 Effect of Changes in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Constant Currency Change Total Change Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Device Solutions Segment Revenues 438,710 645,104 (55,417) (150,977) (206,394) Gross profit 61,778 99,355 (8,076) (29,501) (37,577) Operating expenses 35,075 42,138 (1,498) (5,565) (7,063) 
 
 Revenues 
 Revenues decreased by 206.4 million in 2022, or 32 , compared with 2021. The decrease was mainly due to the sale of certain Gas product lines from our manufacturing and business operations in Europe and North America to Dresser during the first quarter of 2022, accounting for 82.0 million of the decline. The decrease was also due to the discontinuation of some legacy products and component shortages resulting in unfulfilled customer demand. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted revenues by 55.4 million. 
 
 Gross Margin 
 Gross margin was 14.1 in 2022 compared with 15.4 in 2021. The 130 basis point decrease was primarily due to higher input costs and manufacturing inefficiencies related to component shortages, partially offset by favorable mix. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses decreased 7.1 million, or 17 , in 2022 compared with 2021. The decrease was primarily due to management's cost savings actions resulting in a 4.0 million decrease in marketing costs and a 3.1 million decrease in research and development costs. 

Networked Solutions 
 
 The effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the constant currency changes in certain Networked Solutions segment financial results were as follows: 
 Effect of Changes in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Constant Currency Change Total Change Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Networked Solutions Segment Revenues 1,119,268 1,092,631 (8,396) 35,033 26,637 Gross profit 361,975 378,633 (3,947) (12,711) (16,658) Operating expenses 113,707 124,199 (377) (10,115) (10,492) 
 
 Revenues 
 Revenues increased by 26.6 million, or 2 , in 2022 compared with 2021. The increase was primarily due to the ramp of new and existing customer deployments, partially offset by global component shortages that limited our ability to fulfill our customer demand. Higher product revenue of 27.6 million was partially offset by lower maintenance service revenue of 1.0 million. 
 
 Gross Margin 
 Gross margin was 32.3 in 2022 compared with 34.7 in 2021. The decrease of 240 basis points was primarily due to inflationary pressures driving higher input costs, less favorable product mix, and manufacturing inefficiencies related to component shortages. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses decreased by 10.5 million, or 8 , in 2022 compared with 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by reduced research and development costs. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Outcomes 
 
 The effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the constant currency changes in certain Outcomes segment financial results were as follows: 
 Effect of Changes in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Constant Currency Change Total Change Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Outcomes Segment Revenues 237,586 243,837 (7,036) 785 (6,251) Gross profit 98,436 95,181 (3,325) 6,580 3,255 Operating expenses 52,189 44,550 (226) 7,865 7,639 
 
 Revenues 
 Revenues decreased 6.3 million, or 3 , in 2022 compared with 2021. Decreases in prepay business and consulting were offset by increases in managed services and grid operations. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted revenues by 7.0 million. 
 
 Gross Margin 
 Gross margin increased to 41.4 in 2022 compared with 39.0 for last year. The 240 basis point increase was driven by favorable managed services mix and other cost efficiencies. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses increased 7.6 million, or 17 , in 2022 compared with 2021. This increase was primarily related to increased research and development investment. 

Corporate unallocated 
 
 Operating expenses not directly associated with an operating segment are classified as Corporate unallocated. These expenses decreased 112.9 million in 2022 as compared with 2021. This was due to a decrease of 68.2 million in restructuring related primarily to the 2021 Projects. The loss on sale of businesses of 64.3 million in 2021 includes the impairment resulting from the sale of certain Gas product lines from our Device Solutions manufacturing and business operations in Europe and North America to Dresser and an increase to the loss related to the 2020 Latin America divestiture. Amortization of intangible assets decreased 10.1 million as compared with 2021. The decreases were partially offset by 38.5 million in goodwill impairment within our Device Solutions reporting unit, recognized in 2022. Refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 13: Restructuring and Note 18: Sale of Businesses for more details. 

Financial Condition 
 
 Cash Flow Information Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 2020 Cash provided by operating activities 24,500 154,794 109,514 Cash provided by (used in) investing activities 40,516 (34,884) (41,036) Cash used in financing activities (18,737) (152,887) (11,576) Less: Cash classified within assets held for sale (9,750) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (6,851) (1,627) 127 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 39,428 (44,354) 57,029 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at December 31, 2022 was 202.0 million compared with 162.6 million at December 31, 2021. The 39.4 million increase in cash and cash equivalents in the 2022 period was primarily the result of proceeds from the sale of certain Gas product lines from our Device Solutions manufacturing and business operations in Europe and North America to Dresser and cash flows from operating activities, offset by cash paid for shares repurchased and acquisition of property, plant, and equipment. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Operating activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities in 2022 was 130.3 million lower than in 2021. This decrease was primarily due to an increase in working capital (current assets less current liabilities) compared to 2021 and higher variable compensation payouts, partially offset by increased earnings in 2022. 
 
 Investing activities 
 Cash provided by investing activities during 2022 was 75.4 million higher than in 2021. This increase was primarily related to net cash proceeds received from the sale of certain Gas product lines from our Device Solutions manufacturing and business operations in Europe and North America to Dresser for 55.9 million, along with 14.9 million less purchases of property, plant, and equipment in 2022. 
 
 Financing activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities during 2022 was 18.7 million, compared with net cash used in 2021 of 152.9 million. In March 2021, we received 389.4 million from issuance of common stock related to the equity offering, after deducting underwriters' discounts of the offering, purchased 84.1 million of the convertible note hedge contracts, and proceeds of 45.3 million from the sale of warrants. Also in March 2021, we closed the sale of the Convertible Notes with gross proceeds of 460 million, which was used to pay off the outstanding term loan balance of 536.1 million. In April 2021, we repaid the senior notes totaling 410 million (including 10 million early repayment premium) with proceeds from the equity offering and cash on hand. In 2022, we repurchased 17.0 million of our stock, compared with 8.0 million in 2021. 
 
 Cash classified within assets held for sale 
 Cash classified within assets held for sale was 9.8 million as of December 31, 2021, which was related to the sale of certain Gas product lines from our Device Solutions manufacturing and business operations in Europe and North America to Dresser, which closed on February 28, 2022. 
 
 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
 The effect of exchange rates on the cash balances of currencies held in foreign denominations resulted in a decrease of 6.9 million in 2022 and a decrease of 1.6 million in 2021. Our foreign currency exposure relates to non-U.S. dollar denominated balances in our international subsidiary operations. 
 
 Free cash flow (Non-GAAP) 
 To supplement our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measure of free cash flow to analyze cash flows generated from our operations. The presentation of non-GAAP free cash flow is not meant to be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income as an indicator of our performance, or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. We calculate free cash flows, using amounts from our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Cash provided by operating activities 24,500 154,794 Acquisitions of property, plant, and equipment (19,747) (34,682) Free cash flow 4,753 120,112 
 
 Free cash flow decreased due to lower operating cash flow, partially offset by lower spending for property, plant, and equipment. See the cash flow discussion of operating and investing activities above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, borrowings, and the sale of our common stock. Cash flows may fluctuate and are sensitive to many factors including changes in working capital and the timing and magnitude of capital expenditures and payments of debt. Working capital, which represents current assets less current liabilities, continues to be in a net favorable position. We expect existing cash, cash flows from operations, and access to capital markets to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments, such as material capital expenditures and debt obligations, for at least the next 12 months and into the foreseeable future. 
 
 Stock Offering 
 On March 12, 2021, we closed the sale of 4,472,222 shares of our common stock in a public offering, resulting in net proceeds to us of 389.4 million, after deducting underwriters' discounts of the offering, and we closed the sale of the Convertible Notes 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers, resulting in net proceeds to us of 448.5 million after deducting initial purchasers' discounts of the offering. Concurrently with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we entered into the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions and Warrant Transactions. For further description of these transactions, refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 6: Debt and Note 7: Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 
 Borrowings 
 Our 2018 credit facility, as amended, provides a multicurrency revolving line of credit (the revolver) with a principal amount of up to 500 million. The revolver also contains a 300 million standby letter of credit sub-facility and a 50 million swingline sub-facility. At December 31, 2022, no amount was outstanding under the 2018 credit facility, and 56.0 million was utilized by outstanding standby letters of credit, resulting in 444.0 million available for borrowing or standby letters of credit under the revolver. At December 31, 2022, 244.0 million was available for additional standby letters of credit under the letter of credit sub-facility, and no amounts were outstanding under the swingline sub-facility. Amounts borrowed under the revolver may be repaid and reborrowed until the revolver's maturity on October 18, 2024, at which time all outstanding loans together with all accrued and unpaid interest must be repaid. 
 
 On March 12, 2021, we closed the sale of 460 million in Convertible Notes in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers. The Convertible Notes do not bear regular interest, and the principal amount does not accrete. The Convertible Notes will mature on March 15, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed, or converted in accordance with their terms. 
 
 For further description of our borrowings, refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 6: Debt. Refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 7: Derivative Financial Instruments for further details of the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions and Warrant Transactions. 
 
 For a description of our letters of credit and performance bonds, and the amounts available for additional borrowings or letters of credit under our lines of credit, including the revolver that is part of our credit facility, refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies. 
 
 Restructuring 
 On September 17, 2020, our Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan (the 2020 Projects). The 2020 Projects include activities that continue our efforts to optimize global supply chain and manufacturing operations, sales and marketing organizations, and other overhead. These projects are scheduled to be substantially complete by the end of 2023, with an estimated 8 million in cash payments remaining as of December 31, 2022 with cash outflows expected through 2024. 
 
 On October 29, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan (the 2021 Projects), which in conjunction with the announcement of the sale of certain Gas product lines from our Device Solutions manufacturing and business operations in Europe and North America to Dresser, (refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 18: Sale of Businesses), includes activities to drive reductions in certain locations and functional support areas. These projects are expected to be substantially complete by the end of 2024, with an estimated 34 million in cash payments remaining as of December 31, 2022 with cash outflows expected through 2025. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid out a net 25.8 million related to all our restructuring projects. As of December 31, 2022, 42.4 million was accrued for these restructuring projects, of which 14.5 million is expected to be paid within the next 12 months. 
 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board of Directors of Itron approved a restructuring plan (the 2023 Projects). The 2023 Projects include activities that continue the Company's efforts to optimize its global supply chain and manufacturing operations, sales and marketing organizations, and other overhead. These projects are to be substantially complete by early 2025. Itron estimates pre-tax restructuring charges of 40-45 million. Of the total estimated charge, approximately 95 will result in cash expenditures, and the remainder to non-cash impairment charges. The majority of the expense will be recognized during the first quarter of 2023. Once the 2023 Projects are substantially completed, Itron estimates 14-17 million in annualized savings. Certain of Itron's employees are represented by unions or works councils, which requires consultation, and potential restructuring projects may be subject to regulatory approval, both of which could impact the timing of planned savings in certain jurisdictions. 
 
 For further details regarding our restructuring activities, refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 13: Restructuring. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Repurchase Program 
 Effective November 1, 2021, Itron's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 100 million of our common stock over an 18-month period (the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program). Repurchases are made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, and in accordance with applicable securities laws. Following the announcement of the program and through December 31, 2022, we have repurchased 405,282 shares at an average share price of 61.67 (excluding commissions) for a total of 25 million. As of December 31, 2022, we are authorized to repurchase up to an additional 75 million before May 1, 2023. 
 
 Other contractual obligations and commitments 
 Operating lease obligations are disclosed in Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 19: Leases and do not include common area maintenance charges, real estate taxes, and insurance charges for which we are obligated. Amounts due under operating lease liabilities for the next 12 months are 18.2 million and beyond the next 12 months are 47.4 million. 
 
 We regularly enter into standard purchase orders in the ordinary course of business that may obligate us to purchase materials and other items but may not yet qualify for recognition in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Purchase orders and other purchase obligations can include open-ended agreements that provide for estimated quantities over an extended delivery period. At December 31, 2022, purchase orders and other purchase obligations were 728.2 million, which includes capital expenditures of 10.1 million. The purchase orders may include durations longer than one year, but these long-term agreements generally contain termination clauses that could require payment if the commitments were canceled, and as such the total above is considered short-term as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other long-term liabilities consist of warranty obligations, estimated pension benefit payments, and other obligations. Estimated pension benefit payments include amounts to be paid from our assets for unfunded plans and reflect expected future service. The following table summarizes our known obligations to make future payments pursuant to certain contracts as of December 31, 2022. 
 In thousands Next 12 months Beyond the next 12 months Warranty obligations 18,203 7,495 Estimated pension benefit payments 3,805 57,839 
 
 The period of cash settlement for long-term unrecognized tax benefits, which include accrued interest and penalties, cannot be reasonably estimated with the respective taxing authorities. For further information on defined benefit pension plans, income taxes, warranty obligations, and unearned revenue for extended warranties, refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 8: Defined Benefit Pension Plans, Note 11: Income Taxes, Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies, and Note 17: Revenues. 

Income Tax 
 Our tax provision as a percentage of income before tax typically differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 . Changes in our actual tax rate are subject to several factors, including fluctuations in operating results, new or revised tax legislation and accounting pronouncements, changes in the level of business in domestic and foreign jurisdictions, research and development tax credits, state income taxes, adjustments to valuation allowances, settlement of tax audits, and uncertain tax positions, among other items. Changes in tax laws, valuation allowances, and unanticipated tax liabilities could significantly impact our tax rate. 
 
 Our cash income tax payments were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 U.S. federal taxes paid 1,128 State income taxes paid 3,658 817 Foreign and local income taxes paid 7,129 6,256 Total income taxes paid 11,915 7,073 
 
 Based on current projections, we expect to pay, net of refunds, approximately 27 million in U.S. federal and state taxes and 11 million in foreign and local income taxes in 2023. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was 41.8 million of cash and short-term investments held by certain foreign subsidiaries in which we are permanently reinvested for tax purposes. As a result of recent changes in U.S. tax legislation, any repatriation in 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 the future would not result in U.S. federal income tax. Accordingly, there is no provision for U.S. deferred taxes on this cash. If this cash were repatriated to fund U.S. operations, additional withholding tax costs may be incurred. Tax is only one of many factors that we consider in the management of global cash. Accordingly, the amount of taxes that we would need to accrue and pay to repatriate foreign cash could vary significantly. 

Other Liquidity Considerations 
 In several of our consolidated international subsidiaries, we have joint venture partners who are minority shareholders. Although these entities are not wholly-owned by Itron, Inc., we consolidate them because we have a greater than 50 ownership interest and/or because we exercise control over the operations. The noncontrolling interest balance in our Consolidated Balance Sheets represents the proportional share of the equity of the joint venture entities, which is attributable to the minority shareholders. At December 31, 2022, 9.1 million of our consolidated cash balance was held in our joint venture entities. As a result, the minority shareholders of these entities have rights to their proportional share of this cash balance, and there may be limitations on our ability to repatriate cash to the United States from these entities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we expect to pay approximately 20 million for variable compensation in cash during the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 General Liquidity Overview 
 Notwithstanding the expected short to mid-term impacts of the COVID-19 related component shortages, we expect to grow through a combination of internal new research and development, licensing technology from and to others, distribution agreements, partnering arrangements, and acquisitions of technology or other companies. We expect these activities to be funded with existing cash, cash flow from operations, borrowings, or the sale of our common stock or other securities. We believe existing sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund our existing operations and obligations for the next 12 months and into the foreseeable future but offer no assurances. Our liquidity could be affected by the stability of the electricity, gas, and water utility industries, competitive pressures, our dependence on certain key vendors and components, changes in estimated liabilities for product warranties and/or litigation, duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting supply constraints, future business combinations, capital market fluctuations, international risks, and other factors described under Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors, as well as Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Contingencies 
 
 Refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Preparing consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management's application of accounting policies. Our critical accounting policies include revenue recognition, warranty, restructuring, income taxes, goodwill and intangible assets, defined benefit pension plans, contingencies, and stock-based compensation. Refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for further disclosures regarding accounting policies and new accounting pronouncements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Many of our revenue arrangements involve multiple performance obligations, consisting of hardware, software, and professional services such as implementation, project management, installation, and consulting services. These arrangements require us to determine the standalone selling price of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation and then allocate the total arrangement consideration among the separate performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling price. Revenues for each performance obligation are then recognized upon transfer of control to the customer at a point in time as products are shipped or received by a customer, or over time as services are delivered. The majority of our revenue is recognized at a point in time when products are shipped to or received by a customer. Certain contracts that contain multiple performance obligations may contain customer-specific terms and conditions that govern service level commitments, transfer of control, and variable consideration that may involve complex accounting considerations. 
 Professional services revenues are recognized over time. We measure progress towards satisfying these performance obligations using input methods, most commonly based on the costs incurred in relation to the total expected costs to provide the service. The estimate of expected costs to provide services requires judgment. Cost estimates take into consideration past history and the specific scope requested by the customer and are updated quarterly. Other variables impacting our estimate of costs to complete 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 include length of time to complete, changes in wages, subcontractor performance, supplier information, and business volume assumptions. Changes in underlying assumptions and estimates may adversely or favorably affect financial performance. 
 If we estimate that the completion of a performance obligation will result in a loss, then the loss is recognized in the period in which the loss becomes evident. We reevaluate the estimated loss through the completion of the performance obligation and adjust the estimated loss for changes in facts and circumstances. 
 Many of our contracts with customers include variable consideration, which can include liquidated damage provisions, rebates and volume and early payment discounts, or software licenses sold where the amount of consideration is dependent on the number of endpoints deployed. We estimate variable consideration using the expected value method, taking into consideration contract terms, historical customer behavior, and historical sales. Some of our contracts with customers contain clauses for liquidated damages related to the timing of delivery or milestone accomplishments, which could become material in an event of failure to meet the contractual deadlines. At the inception of the arrangement and on an ongoing basis, we evaluate the probability of having to pay liquidated damages and the magnitude of such damages. In the case of liquidated damages, we also take into consideration progress towards meeting contractual milestones, including whether milestones have not been achieved, specified rates, if applicable, stated in the contract, and history of paying liquidated damages to the customer or similar customers. 
 Certain of our revenue arrangements include an extended or customer-specific warranty provision that covers all or a portion of a customer's replacement or repair costs beyond the standard warranty period. Whether or not the extended warranty is separately priced in the arrangement, a portion of the arrangement's total consideration is allocated to this extended warranty deliverable. This revenue is deferred and recognized over the extended warranty coverage period. Extended or customer-specific warranties do not represent a significant portion of our revenue. 
 We allocate consideration to each performance obligation in an arrangement based on its relative standalone selling price. For goods or services where we have observable standalone sales, the observable standalone sales are used to determine the standalone selling price. For the majority of our goods and services, we do not have observable standalone sales. As a result, we estimate the standalone selling price using either the adjusted market assessment approach or the expected cost plus a margin approach. Approaches used to estimate the standalone selling price for a given good or service maximize the use of observable inputs and consider several factors, including our pricing practices, costs to provide a good or service, the type of good or service, and availability of other transactional data, among others. 
 We determine the estimated standalone selling prices of goods or services used in our allocation of arrangement consideration on an annual basis or more frequently if there is a significant change in our business or if we experience significant variances in our transaction prices. 
 Our contracts may be modified to add, remove, or change existing performance obligations or change contract price. The accounting for modifications to our contracts involves assessing whether the products or services added to an existing contract are distinct and whether the pricing is at the standalone selling price. Products or services added that are not distinct are accounted for as if it were part of the existing contract. The effect of the modification on the transaction price and on the measure of progress is recognized as an adjustment to revenue as of the date of the modification (i.e., on a cumulative catch-up basis). Those products or services that are distinct are accounted for prospectively, either as a separate contract if the additional services are priced at the standalone selling price, or as a termination of the existing contract and creation of a new contract if not priced at the standalone selling price. 
 Warranty 
 We offer standard warranties on our hardware products and large application software products. We accrue the estimated cost of product warranties based on historical and projected product performance trends and costs during the warranty period. Testing of new products in the development stage helps identify and correct potential warranty issues prior to manufacturing. Quality control efforts during manufacturing reduce our exposure to warranty claims. When testing or quality control efforts fail to detect a fault in our products, we may experience an increase in warranty claims. We track warranty claims to identify potential warranty trends. If an unusual trend is identified, an additional warranty accrual would be recognized if a failure event is probable and the cost can be reasonably estimated. When new products are introduced, our process relies on historical averages of similar products until sufficient data are available. As actual experience on new products becomes available, it is used to modify the historical averages to ensure the expected warranty costs are within a range of likely outcomes. Management regularly evaluates the sufficiency of the warranty provisions and makes adjustments when necessary. The warranty allowances may fluctuate due to changes in estimates for material, labor, and other costs we may incur to repair or replace projected product failures, and we may incur additional warranty and related expenses in the future with respect to new or established products, which could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring 
 We recognize a liability for costs associated with an exit or disposal activity under a restructuring project at its fair value in the period in which the liability is incurred. Employee termination benefits considered post-employment benefits are accrued when the obligation is probable and estimable, such as benefits stipulated by human resource policies and practices or statutory requirements. If the employee must provide future service greater than 60 days, such benefits are recognized ratably over the future service period. For contract termination costs, we recognize a liability upon the later of when we terminate a contract in accordance with the contract terms or when we cease using the rights conveyed by the contract. 
 
 Asset impairments associated with a restructuring project are determined at the asset group level. An impairment may be recognized for assets that are to be abandoned, are to be sold for less than net book value, or are held for sale in which the estimated proceeds are less than the net book value less costs to sell. We may also recognize impairment on an asset group, which is held and used, when the carrying value is not recoverable and exceeds the asset group's fair value. If an asset group is considered a business, a portion of our goodwill balance is allocated to it based on relative fair value. If the sale of an asset group under a restructuring project results in proceeds that exceed the net book value of the asset group, the resulting gain is recognized within restructuring expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 In determining restructuring charges, we analyze our future operating requirements, including the required headcount by business functions and facility space requirements. Our restructuring costs and any resulting accruals involve significant estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made. Our estimates involve a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control, including real estate market conditions and local labor and employment laws, rules, and regulations. If the amounts and timing of cash flows from restructuring activities are significantly different from what we have estimated, the actual amount of restructuring and asset impairment charges could be materially different, either higher or lower, than those we have recognized. 

Income Taxes 
 We estimate income tax expense in each of the taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. Changes in our actual tax rate are subject to several factors, including fluctuations in operating results, new or revised tax legislation and accounting pronouncements, changes in the level of business in domestic and foreign jurisdictions, research and development tax credits, state income taxes, adjustments to valuation allowances, settlement of tax audits, and uncertain tax positions, among other items. Changes in tax laws, valuation allowances, and unanticipated tax liabilities could significantly impact our tax rate. 
 
 We recognize valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets to the extent we believe it is more likely than not that a portion of such assets will not be realized. In making such determinations, we consider all available favorable and unfavorable evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and our ability to carry back losses to prior years. We are required to make assumptions and judgments about potential outcomes that lie outside our control. Our most sensitive and critical factors are the projection, source, and character of future taxable income. Although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance, will be realized. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward periods are reduced. 
 
 We are subject to audits in multiple taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. These audits may involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. We believe we have recognized adequate income tax provisions and reserves for uncertain tax positions. 
 
 In evaluating uncertain tax positions, we consider the relative risks and merits of positions taken in tax returns filed and to be filed, considering statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance applicable to those positions. We make assumptions and judgments about potential outcomes that lie outside management's control. To the extent the tax authorities disagree with our conclusions and depending on the final resolution of those disagreements, our actual tax rate may be materially affected in the period of final settlement with the tax authorities. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill and intangible assets may result from our business acquisitions. Intangible assets may also result from the purchase of assets and intellectual property where we do not acquire a business. We use estimates, including estimates of useful lives of intangible assets, the amount and timing of related future cash flows, and fair values of the related operations, in determining the value assigned to goodwill and intangible assets. Our finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives based on estimated discounted cash flows. In-process research and development is considered an indefinite-lived intangible asset and is not subject to amortization until the associated projects are completed or terminated. Finite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at the asset group level when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually, when events or 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 changes in circumstances indicate the asset may be impaired, or when their useful lives are determined to be no longer indefinite. 
 
 Goodwill is assigned to our reporting units based on the expected benefit from the synergies arising from each business combination, determined by using certain financial metrics, including the forecast discounted cash flows associated with each reporting unit. Each reporting unit corresponds with its respective operating segment. 
 
 We test goodwill for impairment each year as of October 1, or more frequently should a significant impairment indicator occur. As part of the impairment test, we may elect to perform an assessment of qualitative factors. If this qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit, including goodwill, is less than its carrying amount, or if we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment, we would then proceed with the impairment test. The impairment test involves comparing the fair values of the reporting units to their carrying amounts. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we first evaluate the long-lived assets within the reporting unit for impairment and then recognize a goodwill impairment loss in an amount equal to any excess. 
 
 Determining the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. We forecast discounted future cash flows at the reporting unit level using risk-adjusted discount rates and estimated future revenues and operating costs, which take into consideration factors such as existing backlog, expected future orders, supplier contracts, and expectations of competitive, business and economic environments. We also identify similar publicly traded companies and develop a correlation, referred to as a multiple, to apply to the operating results of the reporting units. These combined fair values are then reconciled to the aggregate market value of our common stock on the date of valuation, while considering a reasonable control premium. 
 
 Changes in market demand, fluctuations in the markets in which we operate, the volatility and decline in the worldwide equity markets, and a decline in our market capitalization could unfavorably impact the remaining carrying value of our goodwill, which could have a significant effect on our current and future results of operations and financial position. As the result of increases in raw material, component, labor and other costs, coupled with a decrease in forecasted revenue within the Device Solutions operating segment and reporting unit, which we determined during the second quarter of 2022, we performed an interim goodwill impairment test. At the conclusion of the test, a goodwill impairment of 38.5 million was recognized in our Corporate unallocated segment as of June 30, 2022. No interim impairment test was determined to be necessary for the Networked Solutions or Outcomes reporting units. Refer to Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 5: Goodwill for further details. 
 
 Defined Benefit Pension Plans 
 We sponsor both funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans for our international employees, primarily in Germany, France, Indonesia, India, and Italy. We recognize a liability for the projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets or an asset for plan assets in excess of the projected benefit obligation. We also recognize the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and recognize as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI), net of tax, the actuarial gains or losses and prior service costs or credits, if any, which arise during the period but are not recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. 
 
 Several economic assumptions and actuarial data are used in calculating the expense and obligations related to these plans. The assumptions are updated annually at December 31 and include the discount rate, the expected remaining service life, the expected rate of return on plan assets, and the rate of future compensation increases. The discount rate is a significant assumption used to value our pension benefit obligation. We determine a discount rate for our plans based on the estimated duration of each plan's liabilities. For euro denominated defined benefit pension plans, which represent 85 of our projected benefit obligation, we use discount rates with consideration of the duration of each of the plans, using a hypothetical yield curve developed from euro-denominated AA-rated corporate bond issues. These bonds are assigned different weights to adjust their relative influence on the yield curve, and the highest and lowest yielding 10 of bonds are excluded within each maturity group. The discount rate used was 3.75 . The weighted average discount rate used to measure the projected benefit obligation for all of the plans at December 31, 2022 was 4.14 . A change of 100 basis points in the discount rate would change our projected benefit obligation by approximately 9.0 million. The financial and actuarial assumptions used at December 31, 2022 may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions and other factors. These differences could result in a significant change in the amount of pension expense recognized in future periods. 
 
 Contingencies 
 A loss contingency is recognized if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. We evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and our ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of the ultimate loss. Loss contingencies that we determine to be 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 reasonably possible, but not probable, are disclosed but not recognized. Changes in these factors and related estimates could materially affect our financial position and results of operations. Legal costs to defend against contingent liabilities are recognized as incurred. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We grant various stock-based compensation awards to our officers, employees, and Board of Directors with service, performance, and market vesting conditions, including restricted stock units, phantom stock units, and unrestricted stock units (awards). Prior to December 31, 2020, stock options were also granted as part of the stock-based compensation awards. We measure and recognize compensation expense for all awards based on estimated fair values. For awards with only a service condition, we expense stock-based compensation using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for the entire award. For awards with service and performance conditions, if vesting is probable, we expense the stock-based compensation on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award. For awards with a market condition, we expense the fair value over the requisite service period. 
 
 We measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based compensation based on estimated fair values. The fair value of unrestricted stock awards with no market conditions is the market close price of our common stock on the date of grant. For restricted stock units with market conditions, the fair value is estimated at the date of award using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which includes assumptions for dividend yield and expected volatility for our common stock and the common stock for companies within the Russell 3000 index, as well as the risk-free interest rate and expected term of the awards. For phantom stock units, fair value is the market close price of our common stock at the end of each reporting period. For stock options, the fair value was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which included assumptions for the expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, expected term and dividend yield. 
 
 In valuing our restricted stock units with a market condition and stock options, significant judgment is required in determining the expected volatility of our common stock and the expected life that individuals will hold their stock options prior to exercising. The volatility for our restricted stock units with a market condition is based on the historical volatility of our own stock and the stock for companies comprising the market index within the market condition. The expected volatility for stock options was based on the historical and implied volatility of our own common stock. The expected life of stock option grants was derived from the historical actual term of option grants and an estimate of future exercises during the remaining contractual period of the option. While volatility and estimated life are assumptions that do not bear the risk of change subsequent to the grant date, these assumptions may be difficult to measure as they represent future expectations based on historical experience. Further, our expected volatility and expected life may change in the future, which could substantially change the grant-date fair value of future awards and ultimately the expense we recognize. Actual results and future estimates may differ substantially from our current estimates. 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP operating expense, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP diluted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow, and constant currency. The presentation of this financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, and other companies may define such measures differently. For a reconciliation of each non-GAAP measure to the most comparable financial measure prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, please see the table captioned Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures to the Most Directly Comparable GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 We use these non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision making and/or as a means for determining executive compensation. Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance and ability to service debt by excluding certain expenses that may not be indicative of our recurring core operating results. These non-GAAP financial measures facilitate management's internal comparisons to our historical performance, as well as comparisons to our competitors' operating results. Our executive compensation plans exclude non-cash charges related to amortization of intangibles and certain discrete cash and non-cash charges, such as restructuring, loss on sale of businesses, strategic initiative expenses, software project impairment, Russian currency translation write-off, goodwill impairment, or acquisition and integration related expenses. We believe that both management and investors benefit from referring to these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting and analyzing future periods. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors because they provide greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision making and because they are used by our institutional investors and the analyst community to analyze the health of our business. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP operating expenses and non-GAAP operating income We define non-GAAP operating expenses as operating expenses excluding certain expenses related to the amortization of intangible assets, restructuring, loss on sale of businesses, strategic initiative expenses, software project impairment, Russian currency translation write-off, goodwill impairment, and acquisition and integration. We define non-GAAP operating income as operating income (loss) excluding the expenses related to the amortization of intangible assets, restructuring, loss on sale of businesses, strategic initiative expenses, software project impairment, Russian currency translation write-off, goodwill impairment, and acquisition and integration. Acquisition and integration related expenses include costs, which are incurred to affect and integrate business combinations, such as professional fees, certain employee retention and salaries related to integration, severances, contract terminations, travel costs related to knowledge transfer, system conversion costs, and asset impairment charges. We consider these non-GAAP financial measures to be useful metrics for management and investors because they exclude the effect of expenses that are not related to our core operating results. By excluding these expenses, we believe that it is easier for management and investors to compare our financial results over multiple periods and analyze trends in our operations. For example, in certain periods, expenses related to amortization of intangible assets may decrease, which would improve GAAP operating margins, yet the improvement in GAAP operating margins due to this lower expense is not necessarily reflective of an improvement in our core business. There are some limitations related to the use of non-GAAP operating expenses and non-GAAP operating income versus operating expenses and operating income calculated in accordance with GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by providing specific information about the GAAP amounts excluded from non-GAAP operating expense and non-GAAP operating income and evaluating non-GAAP operating expense and non-GAAP operating income together with GAAP operating expense and operating income. 
 
 Non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS We define non-GAAP net income as net income (loss) attributable to Itron, Inc. excluding the expenses associated with amortization of intangible assets, amortization of debt placement fees, debt extinguishment, restructuring, loss on sale of businesses, strategic initiative expenses, software project impairment, Russian currency translation write-off, goodwill impairment, acquisition and integration, and the tax effect of excluding these expenses. We define non-GAAP diluted EPS as non-GAAP net income divided by diluted weighted-average shares outstanding during the period calculated on a GAAP basis and then reduced to reflect the anti-dilutive impact of the convertible note hedge transaction entered into in connection with the 0 Convertible Notes due 2026 issued in March 2021. We consider these financial measures to be useful metrics for management and investors for the same reasons that we use non-GAAP operating income. The same limitations described above regarding our use of non-GAAP operating income apply to our use of non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS. We compensate for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the GAAP amounts excluded from these non-GAAP measures and evaluating non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS together with GAAP net income attributable to Itron, Inc. and GAAP diluted EPS. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA We define adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) (a) minus interest income, (b) plus interest expense, debt extinguishment, depreciation and amortization, restructuring, loss on sale of businesses, strategic initiative expenses, software project impairment, Russian currency translation write-off, goodwill impairment, acquisition and integration, and (c) excluding income tax benefit. Management uses adjusted EBITDA as a performance measure for executive compensation. A limitation to using adjusted EBITDA is that it does not represent the total increase or decrease in the cash balance for the period and the measure includes some non-cash items and excludes other non-cash items. Additionally, the items that we exclude in our calculation of adjusted EBITDA may differ from the items that our peer companies exclude when they report their results. We compensate for these limitations by providing a reconciliation of this measure to GAAP net income (loss). 
 
 Free cash flow We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less cash used for acquisitions of property, plant and equipment. We believe free cash flow provides investors with a relevant measure of liquidity and a useful basis for assessing our ability to fund our operations and repay our debt. The same limitations described above regarding our use of adjusted EBITDA apply to our use of free cash flow. We compensate for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the GAAP amounts in the reconciliation. 
 
 Constant currency We refer to the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations in our discussions of financial results, which references the differences between the foreign currency exchange rates used to translate operating results from the entity's functional currency into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. We also use the term "constant currency", which represents financial results adjusted to exclude changes in foreign currency exchange rates as compared with the rates in the comparable prior year period. We calculate the constant currency change as the difference between the current period results and the comparable prior period's results restated using current period foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures to the most Directly Comparable GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 The tables below reconcile the non-GAAP financial measures of operating expenses, operating income, net income, diluted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, and free cash flow with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. 
 TOTAL COMPANY RECONCILIATIONS Year Ended December 31, In thousands, except per share data 2022 2021 NON-GAAP OPERATING EXPENSES GAAP operating expenses 529,628 652,468 Amortization of intangible assets (25,717) (35,801) Restructuring 13,625 (54,623) Loss on sale of businesses (3,505) (64,289) Strategic initiative (675) Software project impairment (8,719) Russian currency translation write-off (1,885) Goodwill impairment (38,480) Acquisition and integration (506) (151) Non-GAAP operating expenses 463,766 497,604 NON-GAAP OPERATING INCOME GAAP operating loss (7,439) (79,299) Amortization of intangible assets 25,717 35,801 Restructuring (13,625) 54,623 Loss on sale of businesses 3,505 64,289 Strategic initiative 675 Software project impairment 8,719 Russian currency translation write-off 1,885 Goodwill impairment 38,480 Acquisition and integration 506 151 Non-GAAP operating income 58,423 75,565 NON-GAAP NET INCOME DILUTED EPS GAAP net loss attributable to Itron, Inc. (9,732) (81,255) Amortization of intangible assets 25,717 35,801 Amortization of debt placement fees 3,323 18,078 Debt extinguishment 11,681 Restructuring (13,625) 54,623 Loss on sale of businesses 3,505 64,289 Strategic initiative 675 Software project impairment 8,719 Russian currency translation write-off 1,885 Goodwill impairment 38,480 Acquisition and integration 506 151 Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments (1) 
 (8,466) (25,265) Non-GAAP net income attributable to Itron, Inc. 50,987 78,103 Non-GAAP diluted EPS 1.13 1.75 Non-GAAP weighted average common shares outstanding - Diluted 45,305 44,617 
 45 

Table of Contents 

TOTAL COMPANY RECONCILIATIONS Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 ADJUSTED EBITDA GAAP net loss attributable to Itron, Inc. (9,732) (81,255) Interest income (2,633) (1,557) Interest expense 6,724 28,638 Income tax benefit (6,196) (45,512) Debt extinguishment 11,681 Depreciation and amortization 66,763 84,153 Restructuring (13,625) 54,623 Loss on sale of businesses 3,505 64,289 Strategic initiative 675 Software project impairment 8,719 Russian currency translation write-off 1,885 Goodwill impairment 38,480 Acquisition and integration 506 151 Adjusted EBITDA 95,071 115,211 FREE CASH FLOW Net cash provided by operating activities 24,500 154,794 Acquisitions of property, plant, and equipment (19,747) (34,682) Free Cash Flow 4,753 120,112 
 (1) The income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments is calculated using the statutory tax rates for the relevant jurisdictions if no valuation allowance exists. If a valuation allowance exists, there is no tax impact to the non-GAAP adjustment. 

Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 In the normal course of business, we are exposed to interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate risks that could impact our financial position and results of operations. As part of our risk management strategy, we may use derivative financial instruments to hedge certain foreign currency and interest rate exposures. Our objective is to offset gains and losses resulting from these exposures with losses and gains on the derivative contracts used to hedge them, therefore reducing the impact of volatility on earnings or protecting the fair values of assets and liabilities. We use derivative contracts only to manage existing underlying exposures. Accordingly, we do not use derivative contracts for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We may be exposed to interest rate risk through our variable rate debt instruments. On August 12, 2021, the U.S. dollar term loan under the credit facility was fully paid. At December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding variable rate debt. 
 
 We continually monitor and assess our interest rate risk and may institute additional interest rate swaps or other derivative instruments to manage such risk in the future if we were to have variable rate debt outstanding. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 We conduct business in a number of countries. Revenues denominated in functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar were 30 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 38 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 37 for the year ended December 31, 2020. These transactions expose our account balances to movements in foreign currency exchange rates that could have a material effect on our financial results. Our primary foreign currency exposure relates to non-U.S. dollar denominated transactions in our international subsidiary operations, the most significant of which is the euro. 
 
 We are also exposed to foreign exchange risk when we enter into non-functional currency transactions, both intercompany and third party. At each period-end, non-functional currency monetary assets and liabilities are revalued with the change recognized within other income (expense) in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. We enter into monthly foreign exchange forward contracts, which are not designated for hedge accounting, with the intent to reduce earnings volatility associated with currency exposures. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 36 contracts were offsetting our exposures from the euro, pound sterling, 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Indonesian rupiah, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, and various other currencies, with notional amounts ranging from 117,000 to 57.9 million. Based on a sensitivity analysis as of December 31, 2022, we estimate that, if foreign currency exchange rates average 10 percentage points higher in 2023 for these financial instruments, our financial results in 2023 would not be materially impacted. 
 In future periods, we may use additional derivative contracts to protect against foreign currency exchange rate risks. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Itron, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Itron, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Revenue Recognition ASC 606 Revenue arrangements involving multiple performance obligations consisting of hardware, software, and professional services such as implementation, project management, installation, and consulting services Refer to Notes 1 and 17 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 Many of the Company's revenue arrangements involve multiple performance obligations consisting of hardware, software, and professional services such as implementation, project management, installation, and consulting services. These contracts may contain customer-specific business terms and conditions, including service level commitments, variable consideration, and terms that govern when the customer has taken control. Additionally, these contracts may be modified from time to time as the Company delivers under the contract. These customer-specific business terms and conditions and modifications may involve complex accounting considerations, including determining whether the Company has enforceable rights and obligations, whether contract modifications represent new contracts or modification of existing contracts, whether certain performance obligations are distinct, and other considerations that may impact the timing of revenue recognition. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The evaluation of these factors is executed in accordance with the ASC 606 revenue recognition framework and requires significant management judgment that could affect the amount and timing of revenue recognition over the contractual period. The computations to recognize revenue under the ASC 606 revenue recognition framework can be complex and require a significant volume of data input. Additionally, there can be complexity in the computations and entries made to record the related contract assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date. Given the challenge in auditing the judgments and computations made in determining revenue recognition for these multiple performance obligation arrangements with customer-specific business terms and conditions and modifications, we identified revenue recognition as a critical audit matter. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to (1) determining whether the Company has enforceable rights and obligations, whether contract modifications represent new contracts or modifications, whether certain performance obligations are distinct and other considerations that may impact the timing of revenue recognition and (2) the completeness and accuracy of the revenue recognition computations and entries used to recognize revenue included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over contract reviews, including management's use of checklists and other review procedures to determine whether customer-specific business terms are evident in the contract and whether accounting conclusions regarding enforceable rights and obligations, contract modifications, distinct products and services, and other considerations that may impact the timing of revenue recognition are appropriately applied. 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over revenue recognition computations and entries to determine whether the computations and entries appropriately reflect the accounting conclusions for these contracts. Such controls included (1) the review of the completeness and accuracy of data input into the computations and entries and (2) the review of the mathematical accuracy of the computations and entries. 
 For a sample of contracts with customers that included existing contracts, new contracts and contract modifications, we: 
 Tested management's identification of customer-specific terms, whether the Company had enforceable rights and obligations, whether contract modifications represented new contracts or modifications to existing contracts, whether customer-specific terms introduced new or implied performance obligations, or other factors influencing the timing, nature and amount of revenue recognized, and assessed management's conclusions regarding accounting treatment. Our procedures included reading the selected contracts and inquiring of the Company's operational personnel to understand the nature of the contract and its business purpose, as well as evaluating management's conclusions. 
 Evaluated whether the identified accounting conclusions were appropriately reflected in the revenue recognition computations and entries. 
 Tested the accuracy and completeness of the data used in the computations and entries to record revenue. 
 Tested mathematical accuracy of revenue recognition computations and entries. 
 
 Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance Refer to Note 11 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 As described in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recorded deferred tax assets totaling 686.4 million, and deferred tax liabilities totaling 47.8 million, at December 31, 2022. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance of 427.4 million at December 31, 2022 against its deferred tax assets, primarily associated with foreign loss carryforwards. The net deferred tax asset is 211.2 million. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a tax valuation allowance when, management believes, it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In evaluating the Company's ability to realize its deferred tax assets, management considers all available favorable and unfavorable evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and the ability to carry losses to prior years. The most sensitive and critical factors are the projection, source, and character of future taxable income. 
 
 We identified the Company's determination of the realizability of U.S. deferred tax assets as a critical audit matter because there is significant judgment required by management, specifically considering the realization of losses before income taxes in recent years, to conclude that it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized in future periods. In addition, the auditing of these elements involved complex and subjective auditor judgment, including the need to involve personnel with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures to evaluate management's determination that sufficient taxable income will be generated to realize deferred tax assets included the following, among others : 
 We evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over income taxes, specifically those controls over the evaluation of the realizability of deferred tax assets. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management's estimates in regard to the ability to generate future taxable income and utilize the deferred tax assets by evaluating the forecast of future taxable income, including testing of management's forecasts against the Company's historical performance as adjusted for nonrecurring items, and evaluating total backlog supporting future revenues. 
 We evaluated whether the estimates of future taxable income were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 We utilized personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in income taxes and accounting for income taxes under ASC 740 to assist in the evaluation of management's assessment of positive and negative evidence and their conclusion that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefit of its deferred tax assets. 
 
 /s/ 

February 27, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2016. 

50 

Table of Contents 

 ITRON, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year Ended December 31, In thousands, except per share data 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Product revenues Service revenues Total revenues Cost of revenues Product cost of revenues Service cost of revenues Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses Sales, general and administrative Research and development Amortization of intangible assets Restructuring ) Loss on sale of businesses Goodwill impairment Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) Other income (expense) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Total other income (expense) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit (provision) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Net loss attributable to Itron, Inc. ) ) ) Net loss per common share - Basic ) ) ) Net loss per common share - Diluted ) ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - Basic Weighted average common shares outstanding - Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 ITRON, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment reclassified to net loss on sale or disposal of businesses Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments, designated as cash flow hedges ) Pension benefit obligation adjustment 
 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Total comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Itron, Inc. ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 ITRON, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS In thousands December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Deferred tax assets, net Other long-term assets Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Other current liabilities Wages and benefits payable Taxes payable Current portion of warranty Unearned revenue Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Long-term warranty Pension benefit obligation Deferred tax liabilities, net Operating lease liabilities Other long-term obligations Total liabilities Equity Preferred stock, no par value, shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, no par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Itron, Inc. shareholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 ITRON, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 Common Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Itron, Inc. Shareholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity In thousands Shares Amount Balances at January 1, 2020 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Stock options exercised Restricted stock awards released net of repurchased shares for taxes ) ) ) Issuance of stock-based compensation awards Employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Stock options exercised Restricted stock awards released net of repurchased shares for taxes ) ) ) Issuance of stock-based compensation awards Employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Stock issued related to equity offering Proceeds from sale of warrants Purchases of convertible note hedge contracts, net of tax ) ) ) Registration fee ) ) ) Stock repurchase program ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Stock options exercised Restricted stock awards released net of repurchased shares for taxes Issuance of stock-based compensation awards Employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Stock repurchase program ) ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 ITRON, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets Non-cash operating lease expense Stock-based compensation Amortization of prepaid debt fees Deferred taxes, net ) ) ) Loss on sale of businesses Loss on extinguishment of debt, net Goodwill impairment Restructuring, non-cash ) Other adjustments, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and sale of businesses: Accounts receivable Inventories ) ) Other current assets ) ) Other long-term assets ) ) Accounts payable, other current liabilities, and taxes payable ) ) Wages and benefits payable ) ) Unearned revenue ) Warranty ) ) ) Restructuring ) Other operating, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Net proceeds related to the sale of businesses Acquisitions of property, plant, and equipment ) ) ) Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired ) Other investing, net Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from borrowings Payments on debt ) ) Issuance of common stock Proceeds from common stock offering Proceeds from sale of warrants Purchases of convertible note hedge contracts ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Prepaid debt fees ) ) ) Other financing, net ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Less: Cash classified within assets held for sale ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Income taxes, net Interest Non-cash operating, investing and financing activities: Deferred tax on purchase of convertible note hedge contracts 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 ITRON, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 In this Annual Report, the terms "we", "us", "our", "Itron", and the "Company" refer to Itron, Inc. 

Note 1: 

While we have limited direct business exposure in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine, the Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy, as well as further disrupt the supply chain. A major disruption in the global economy and supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions, and resulting market and/or supply disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial . During the third quarter of 2022, we substantially liquidated our legal entity in Russia, recognizing a loss of million for the reclassification of the currency translation adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income. The loss was classified within sales, general and administrative expense within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 ownership interest or in which we exercise control over the operations. We use the equity method of accounting for entities in which we have a to investment and exercise significant influence. Entities in which we have less than a investment and where we do not exercise significant influence are accounted for under the fair value method. Intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated upon consolidation. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

ownership interest or because we exercise control over the operations. The noncontrolling interest balance is adjusted each period to reflect the allocation of net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interests, as shown in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), as well as contributions from and distributions to the owners. The noncontrolling interest balance in our Consolidated Balance Sheets represents the proportional share of the equity of the joint venture entities, which is attributable to the minority shareholders. 

57 

Table of Contents 

 years for buildings and improvements and to years for machinery and equipment, computers and software, and furniture. Leasehold improvements are capitalized and depreciated over the term of the applicable lease, including renewable periods if reasonably certain, or over the useful lives, whichever is shorter. Construction in process represents capital expenditures incurred for assets not yet placed in service. Costs related to internally developed software and software purchased for internal uses are capitalized and are amortized over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Repair and maintenance costs are recognized as incurred. We have no major planned maintenance activities. 
 
 We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Assets held for sale are classified within other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and are no longer depreciated. Gains and losses from asset disposals and impairment losses are classified within the Consolidated Statements of Operations according to the use of the asset, except those gains and losses recognized in conjunction with our restructuring activities, which are classified within restructuring expense, or impairment losses recognized in conjunction with an announced or completed sale of a business, which are classified within loss on sale of businesses. 

58 

Table of Contents 

to years for core-developed technology and customer contracts and relationships. Finite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at the asset group level when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually, when events or changes in circumstances indicate the asset may be impaired, or when their useful lives are determined to be no longer indefinite. 
 
 Goodwill is assigned to our reporting units based on the expected benefit from the synergies arising from each business combination, determined by using certain financial metrics, including the forecasted discounted cash flows associated with each reporting unit. Each reporting unit corresponds with its respective operating segment. We test goodwill for impairment each year as of October 1, or more frequently should a significant impairment indicator occur. As part of the impairment test, we may elect to perform an assessment of qualitative factors. If this qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit, including goodwill, is less than its carrying amount, or if we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment, we would then proceed with the quantitative impairment test. The impairment test involves comparing the fair values of the reporting units to their carrying amounts. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we first evaluate the long-lived assets within the reporting unit for impairment and then recognize goodwill impairment loss in an amount equal to any excess. 
 
 Determining the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. We forecast discounted future cash flows at the reporting unit level using risk-adjusted discount rates and estimated future revenues and operating costs, which take into consideration factors such as existing backlog, expected future orders, supplier contracts, and expectations of competitive and economic environments. We also identify similar publicly traded companies and develop a correlation, referred to as a multiple, to apply to the operating results of the reporting units. These combined fair values are then reconciled to the aggregate market value of our common stock on the date of valuation, while considering a reasonable control premium. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

days, such benefits are recognized ratably over the future service period. For contract termination costs, we recognize a liability upon the termination of a contract in accordance with the contract terms or the cessation of the use of the rights conveyed by the contract, whichever occurs later. 
 
 Asset impairments associated with a restructuring project are determined at the asset group level. An impairment may be recognized for assets that are to be abandoned, are to be sold for less than net book value, or are held for sale in which the estimated proceeds less costs to sell are less than the net book value. We may also recognize impairment on an asset group, which is held and used, when the carrying value is not recoverable and exceeds the asset group's fair value. If an asset group is considered a business, a portion of our goodwill balance is allocated to it based on relative fair value. If the sale of an asset group under a restructuring project results in proceeds that exceed the net book value of the asset group, the resulting gain is recognized within restructuring expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

60 

Table of Contents 

61 

Table of Contents 

 to days, depending on the destination country. We do not typically offer financing as part of our contracts with customers. 
 
 We incur certain incremental costs to obtain contracts with customers, primarily in the form of sales commissions. Where the amortization period is one year or less, we have elected to apply the practical expedient and recognize the related commissions expense as incurred. Otherwise, such incremental costs are capitalized and amortized over the contract period. Capitalized incremental costs are not material. 

62 

Table of Contents 

 . After vesting, the restricted stock units are converted into shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis and issued to employees. Certain restricted stock units are issued under the Long-Term Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and include performance and market conditions. The final number of shares issued will be based on the achievement of financial targets and our total shareholder return relative to the Russell 3000 Index during the performance periods. Due to the presence of a market condition, we utilize a Monte Carlo valuation model to determine the fair value of the awards at the grant date. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common stock for the related expected term. We believe this approach is reflective of current and historical market conditions and is an appropriate indicator of expected volatility. The risk-free interest rate is the rate available as of the grant date on zero-coupon U.S. government issues with a term equal to the expected term of the award. The expected term is the remaining term of an award based on the period of time between the grant date and the date the award is expected to vest. 
 
 Phantom stock units are a form of share-based award that are indexed to our stock price and are settled in cash upon vesting and accounted for as liability-based awards. Fair value is remeasured at the end of each reporting period based on the market close price of our common stock. Phantom stock units vest over a maximum period of . Since phantom stock units are settled in cash, compensation expense recognized over the vesting period will vary based on changes in the fair value of the awards. 
 
 The fair value of unrestricted stock awards is the market close price of our common stock on the date of grant, and the awards are deemed fully vested. We expense stock-based compensation at the date of grant for unrestricted stock awards. 
 
 The fair value of stock options was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Options to purchase our common stock were granted with an exercise price equal to the market close price of the stock on the date the Board of Directors approved the grant. Options generally became exercisable in three equal annual installments beginning from the date of grant and expiring years from the date of grant. Expected volatility was based on a combination of the historical volatility of our common stock and the implied volatility of our traded options for the related expected term. We believe this combined approach was reflective of current and historical market conditions and was an appropriate indicator of expected volatility. The risk-free interest rate was the rate available as of the award date on zero-coupon U.S. government issues with a term equal to the expected term of the award. The expected term was the weighted average expected term of an award based on the period of time between the date the award was granted and the estimated date the award will be fully exercised. Factors considered in estimating the expected term included historical experience of similar awards, contractual terms, vesting schedules, and expectations of future employee behavior. 
 
 Excess tax benefits and deficiencies resulting from employee share-based payment are recognized as income tax provision or benefit in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, and as an operating activity on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 of eligible compensation to purchase our common stock at a discount from the fair market value of the stock at the end of each fiscal quarter, subject to other limitations under the plan. The sale of the stock to the employees occurs at the beginning of the subsequent quarter. The ESPP is not considered compensatory, and no compensation expense is recognized for sales of our common stock to employees. 

63 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million were included in other expenses, net, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. ) Restructuring Other operating, net ) Year Ended December 31, 2020 In thousands As Previously Reported Adjustments As Reclassified Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and sale of businesses: Accounts payable, other current liabilities, and taxes payable ) ) ) Restructuring Other operating, net ) ) ) 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Note 2: ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - Basic Dilutive effect of stock-based awards Dilutive effect of convertible notes Weighted average common shares outstanding - Diluted Net loss per common share - Basic ) ) ) Net loss per common share - Diluted ) ) ) 
 
 Stock-based Awards 
 For stock-based awards, the dilutive effect is calculated using the treasury stock method. Under this method, the dilutive effect is computed as if the awards were exercised at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance, if later) and assumes the related proceeds were used to repurchase our common stock at the average market price during the period. Related proceeds include the amount the employee must pay upon exercise and the future compensation cost associated with the stock award. Approximately million, million, and million stock-based awards were excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, because they were anti-dilutive. These stock-based awards could be dilutive in future periods. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 , and therefore all associated shares were anti-dilutive. 
 
 In conjunction with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we sold warrants to purchase million shares of Itron common stock. The warrants have a strike price of per share. For calculating the dilutive effect of the warrants, we use the treasury stock method. With this method, we assume exercise of the warrants at the beginning of the period, or at time of issuance if later, and the issuance of common stock upon exercise. Proceeds from the exercise of the warrants are assumed to be used to repurchase shares of our stock at the average market price during the period. The incremental shares, representing the number of shares assumed to be exercised with the warrants less the number of shares repurchased, are included in diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. For periods where the warrants strike price of per share is greater than the average share price of Itron stock for the period, the warrants would be anti-dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the quarterly average closing prices of our common stock did not exceed the warrant strike price and therefore million shares were considered anti-dilutive. 
 
 Convertible Note Hedge Transactions 
 In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we entered into privately negotiated call option contracts on our common stock (the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions) with certain commercial banks (the Counterparties). The Convertible Note Hedge Transactions cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those in the Convertible Notes, approximately million shares of our common stock, the same number of shares initially underlying the Convertible Notes, at a strike price of approximately , subject to customary adjustments. The Convertible Note Hedge Transactions will expire upon the maturity of the Convertible Notes, subject to earlier exercise or termination. Exercise of the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions would reduce the number of shares of our common stock outstanding and therefore would be anti-dilutive. 

Note 3: 
 
 and 
 Unbilled receivables Total accounts receivable, net 

Provision for (release of) doubtful accounts, net ) ) Accounts written-off ) ) ) Effect of change in exchange rates ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Work in process 
 Finished goods 
 Total inventories 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Computers and software 
 Buildings, furniture, and improvements 
 Land 
 Construction in progress, including purchased equipment 
 Total cost 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Property, plant, and equipment, net 

On November, 2, 2021, Itron entered into an agreement to sell certain Gas product lines from our Device Solutions manufacturing and business operations in Europe and North America to Dresser Utility Solutions (Dresser ). The asset disposal group, which included million of accounts receivable, million of inventories, and million of property, plant, and equipment, was classified as held for sale during the fourth quarter of 2021. The disposal group was removed from the balance sheet when the transaction closed on February 28, 2022. Refer to Note 18: Sale of Businesses for additional information on the transaction. 

Note 4: 
 
 ) ) Customer contracts and relationships ) ) Trademarks and trade names ) ) Other ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) Intangible Liabilities Customer contracts and relationships ) ) ) 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Intangible assets acquired Intangible assets reclassified to held for sale ) Effect of change in exchange rates ) ) Intangible assets, gross ending balance Intangible liabilities, gross beginning balance ) ) Effect of change in exchange rates Intangible liabilities, gross ending balance ) ) 
 
 Assumed intangible liabilities reflect the present value of the projected cash outflows for an existing contract where remaining costs are expected to exceed projected revenues. 
 
 On October 12, 2021, we completed the acquisition of 100 of the shares of SELC Group Limited (SELC), a private limited company incorporated in Ireland. SELC was previously a technology supplier to Itron. The acquisition provides value to Itron through the leverage of SELC's streetlight controls technology coupled with Itron's Smart Cities network and software platform. The acquisition will increase the pace of Smart City growth and innovation within Itron's Networked Solutions business for the benefit of our customers. The purchase was funded through cash on hand and resulted in the additions of intangible assets of million and goodwill. Refer to Note 5: Goodwill for additional information on goodwill. 
 
 In conjunction with the business divestiture to Dresser (refer to Note 3: Certain Balance Sheet Components), the asset disposal group, which included million of net intangible assets, was classified as held for sale during the fourth quarter of 2021. The disposal group was removed from the balance sheet when the transaction closed on February 28, 2022. Refer to Note 18: Sale of Businesses for additional information on the transaction. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total intangible assets subject to amortization 

We have recognized amortization expense within operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. These expenses relate to intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as part of business combinations. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Note 5: 
 
 Goodwill reclassified to held for sale ) ) Goodwill acquired Effect of change in exchange rates ) ) ) ) Goodwill balance at December 31, 2021 Adjustment to goodwill acquired ) ) Goodwill impairment ) ) Effect of change in exchange rates ) ) ) ) Goodwill balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The accumulated goodwill impairment losses at December 31, 2022 were million and at December 31, 2021 were million. The goodwill impairment losses were originally recognized in 2011, 2013, and 2022. 
 
 In conjunction with the acquisition of SELC (refer to Note 4: Intangible Assets and Liabilities), the purchase resulted in the recognition of million in goodwill allocated to our Networked Solutions segment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, an immaterial adjustment was recorded to the goodwill acquired. 
 
 In conjunction with the business divestiture to Dresser (refer to Note 3: Certain Balance Sheet Components), the asset disposal group, which included million of goodwill, was classified as held for sale during the fourth quarter of 2021. The disposal group was removed from the balance sheet when the transaction closed on February 28, 2022. Refer to Note 18: Sale of Businesses for additional information on the transaction. 
 
 As the result of increases in raw material, component, labor and other costs, coupled with a decrease in forecasted revenue within the Device Solutions operating segment and reporting unit, which we determined during the second quarter of 2022, we performed an interim goodwill impairment test. At the conclusion of the test, a goodwill impairment of million was recognized in our Corporate unallocated segment as of June 30, 2022. No interim impairment test was determined to be necessary for the Networked Solutions or Outcomes reporting units. Refer to Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a description of our reporting units and our method used to determine the fair values of our reporting units and to determine the amount of any goodwill impairment. 
 
 We test goodwill for impairment each year as of October 1. Changes in market demand, fluctuations in the markets in which we operate, the volatility and decline in the worldwide equity markets, and a decline in our market capitalization could unfavorably impact the remaining carrying value of our goodwill, which could have a significant effect on our current and future results of operations and financial position. Based on the results of the annual impairment testing for our reporting units performed as of October 1, 2022, no adjustments to the carrying value of goodwill were required. Refer to Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for further details regarding the annual goodwill impairment process. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6: 
 
 Convertible notes Total debt Less: unamortized prepaid debt fees - convertible notes Long-term debt, net 
 Credit Facility 
 The credit facility, initially entered on January 5, 2018 (as amended, the 2018 credit facility), provided for committed credit facilities in the amount of billion U.S. dollars. This facility originally consisted of a million U.S. dollar term loan (the term loan) and a multicurrency revolving line of credit (the revolver) with a principal amount of up to million. The revolver also contains a million standby letter of credit sub-facility and a million swingline sub-facility. The term loan was fully repaid in August 2021. 
 
 The 2018 credit facility was amended on October 18, 2019, and this amendment extended the maturity date to October 18, 2024. The amendment also modified the required interest payments and with covenants based on total net leverage instead of total leverage. On October 19, 2020, we entered into a second amendment to obtain temporary covenant relief while also adding an additional level of pricing was added to the existing pricing grid, which is effective throughout the remaining term of the debt. On March 8, 2021, we entered into a third amendment to the 2018 credit facility, which modified provisions to permit cash settlement upon the conversion of the Convertible Notes, the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions and Warrant Transactions and also to adjust certain settlement provisions for convertible indebtedness. Refer to Note 7: Derivative Financial Instruments for further details of the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions and Warrant Transactions. 
 
 On February 25, 2022, we entered into a fourth amendment to the 2018 credit facility, which modifies provisions to allow for the addback of non-cash expenses related to restructuring charges incurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2021 and also adjusted the maximum total net leverage ratio thresholds for the period which began with the first quarter of 2022 through the fourth quarter of 2022 to allow for increased operational flexibility. The maximum leverage ratio was increased to :1 for the first through third quarters of 2022 and :1 for the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 The 2018 credit facility permits us and certain of our foreign subsidiaries to borrow in U.S. dollars, euros, or, with lender approval, other currencies readily convertible into U.S. dollars. All obligations under the 2018 credit facility are guaranteed by Itron, Inc. and material U.S. domestic subsidiaries and are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the assets of Itron, Inc. and material U.S. domestic subsidiaries. This includes a pledge of 100 of the capital stock of material U.S. domestic subsidiaries and up to 66 of the voting stock (100 of the non-voting stock) of first-tier foreign subsidiaries. In addition, the obligations of any foreign subsidiary who is a foreign borrower, as defined by the 2018 credit facility, are guaranteed by the foreign subsidiary and by its direct and indirect foreign parents. The 2018 credit facility includes debt covenants, which contain certain financial thresholds and place certain restrictions on the incurrence of debt, investments, and the issuance of dividends. We were in compliance with the debt covenants under the 2018 credit facility at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Under the 2018 credit facility, we elect applicable market interest rates for both the term loan and any outstanding revolving loans. We also pay an applicable margin, which is based on our total net leverage ratio as defined in the credit agreement. The applicable rates per annum may be based on either: (1) or (subject to a floor of ), plus an applicable margin, or (2) the Alternate Base Rate, plus an applicable margin. The Alternate Base Rate election is equal to the greatest of three rates: (i) , (ii) plus , or (iii) plus . The cessation of LIBOR will occur in June 2023 . On November 23, 2022, we entered into a fifth amendment to the 2018 credit facility, which replaces the LIBOR rate with Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as the base interest rate. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 there were outstanding loan balances under the credit facility, and million was utilized by outstanding standby letters of credit, resulting in million available for additional borrowings or standby letters of credit within the revolver. At December 31, 2022 , million was available for additional standby letters of credit under the letter of credit sub-facility, and amounts were outstanding under the swingline sub-facility. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 million after deducting initial purchasers' discounts of the offering. The Convertible Notes do not bear regular interest, and the principal amount does not accrete. The Convertible Notes will mature on March 15, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed, or converted in accordance with their terms. No sinking fund is provided for the Convertible Notes. 
 
 The initial conversion rate of the Convertible Notes is 7.9365 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share. The conversion rate of the Convertible Notes is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events. In addition, upon the occurrence of a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes) or upon a notice of redemption, we will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder that elects to convert its Convertible Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change or notice of redemption, as the case may be. 
 
 Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December 15, 2025, the Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the holders only under the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2021 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business-day period after any five consecutive trading-day period (the measurement period) in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events; or (4) upon redemption by us. On or after December 15, 2025, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding March 15, 2026, holders of the Convertible Notes may convert all or a portion of their notes at any time. Upon conversion, we will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes to be converted and pay and/or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes being converted. 
 
 On or after March 20, 2024 and prior to December 15, 2025, we may redeem for cash all or part of the Convertible Notes, at our option, if the last reported sales price of common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption, during any 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date we send the related notice of the redemption. The redemption price of each Convertible Notes to be redeemed will be the principal amount of such note, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any. Upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes), subject to a limited exception described in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes, holders may require us to repurchase all or a portion of their notes for cash at a price equal to plus accrued and unpaid special interest to, but not including, the fundamental change repurchase date (as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes). 
 
 The Convertible Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsubordinated debt and senior in right of payment to any future debt that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes will be effectively subordinated to any of our existing and future secured debt to the extent of the assets securing such indebtedness. The Convertible Notes will be structurally subordinated to all existing debt and any future debt and any other liabilities of our subsidiaries. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum payments on debt 

Note 7: 
 
 Total asset derivatives Derivatives Liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815-20 In thousands Foreign exchange forward contracts Other current liabilities Total liability derivatives ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments ) Realized (gains) losses reclassified into net income (loss) Net unrealized loss on hedging instruments at December 31, ) ) ) 
 
 Reclassification of amounts related to hedging instruments are included in interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Included in the net unrealized gain (loss) on hedging instruments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is a loss of million, net of tax, related to our nonderivative net investment hedge, which terminated in 2011. This loss on our net investment hedge will remain in AOCI until earnings are impacted by a sale or liquidation of the associated foreign operation. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 ) December 31, 2021 ) 
 ) December 31, 2021 ) 
 
 Our derivative assets and liabilities subject to netting arrangements include foreign exchange forward and interest rate contracts with counterparties at December 31, 2022 and counterparties at December 31, 2021. No derivative asset or liability balance with any of our counterparties was individually significant at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Our derivative contracts with each of these counterparties exist under agreements that provide for the net settlement of all contracts through a single payment in a single currency in the event of default. We have no pledges of cash collateral against our obligations, and we have not received pledges of cash collateral from our counterparties under the associated derivative contracts. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 As a result of our forecasted inventory purchases in a non-functional currency, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk. We hedge portions of these purchases. During February 2021, we entered into foreign exchange option contracts for a total notional amount of million at a cost of million. The contracts matured ratably through the year with final maturity occurring in October 2021. Changes in the fair values of the option contracts are recognized as a component of OCI and are recognized in product cost of revenues when the hedged item affects earnings. We did not enter into any similar arrangements in 2022. 
 
 ) Interest expense ) ) Interest rate swap contract Other income (expense), net ) Interest rate cap contracts Interest expense Foreign exchange options ) Product cost of revenues ) Cross currency swap contract ) Interest expense Cross currency swap contract Other income (expense), net ) 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Relationships 
 We are also exposed to foreign exchange risk when we enter into non-functional currency transactions, both intercompany and third party. At each period-end, non-functional currency monetary assets and liabilities are revalued with the change recognized within other income (expense) in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. We enter into monthly foreign exchange forward contracts, which are not designated for hedge accounting, with the intent to reduce earnings volatility associated with currency exposures. As of December 31, 2022, a total of contracts were offsetting our exposures from the euro, pound sterling, Indonesian rupiah, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, and various other currencies, with notional amounts ranging from to million . 
 
 73 

Table of Contents ) 
 
 We will continue to monitor and assess our interest rate and foreign exchange risk and may institute additional derivative instruments to manage such risk in the future. 
 
 Convertible Note Hedge Transactions 
 We paid an aggregate amount of million for the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions. The Convertible Note Hedge Transactions cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those in the Convertible Notes, approximately million shares of our common stock, the same number of shares initially underlying the Convertible Notes, at a strike price of approximately , subject to customary adjustments. The Convertible Note Hedge Transactions will expire upon the maturity of the Convertible Notes, subject to earlier exercise or termination. The Convertible Note Hedge Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilutive effect of the conversion of the Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted notes, as the case may be, in the event that the market price per share of our common stock, as measured under the terms of the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions, is greater than the strike price of those Convertible Note Hedge Transactions. The Convertible Note Hedge Transactions meet the criteria in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 815-40 to be classified within Stockholders' Equity, and therefore the transactions are not revalued after their issuance. 
 
 We made a tax election to integrate the Convertible Notes and the call options. We are retaining the identification statements in our books and records, together with a schedule providing the accruals on the synthetic debt instruments. The accounting impact of this tax election makes the call options deductible as original issue discount for tax purposes over the term of the Convertible Note, and results in a million deferred tax asset recognized through equity. 
 
 Warrant Transactions 
 In addition, concurrently with entering into the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions, we separately entered into privately-negotiated Warrant Transactions (the Warrant Transactions), whereby we sold to the Counterparties warrants to acquire, collectively, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, million shares of our common stock at an initial strike price of per share, which represents a premium of over the public offering price in the common stock issuance. We received aggregate proceeds of million from the Warrant Transactions with the Counterparties, with such proceeds partially offsetting the costs of entering into the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions. The warrants expire in June 2026. If the market value per share of our common stock, as measured under the Warrants Transactions, exceeds the strike price of the warrants, the warrants will have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share, unless we elect, subject to certain conditions, to settle the warrants in cash. The warrants meet the criteria in ASC 815-40 to be classified within Stockholders' Equity, therefore the warrants are not revalued after issuance. 

Note 8: 

74 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Curtailment ) ) Settlement ) ) Release for divestiture ) Other ) Benefit obligation at December 31, Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at January 1, Actual return on plan assets ) Company contributions Benefits paid ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Settlement ) Fair value of plan assets at December 31, Net pension benefit obligation at fair value 
 
 Liabilities Current portion of pension benefit obligation in wages and benefits payable Pension benefit obligation held for sale within other current liabilities Long-term portion of pension benefit obligation Pension benefit obligation, net 
 
 In conjunction with the business divestiture to Dresser (refer to Note 3: Certain Balance Sheet Components), the related disposal group was classified as held for sale during the fourth quarter of 2021. The disposal group was removed from the balance sheet when the transaction closed on February 28, 2022. Refer to Note 18: Sale of Businesses for additional information on the transaction. 
 75 

Table of Contents ) Settlement ) ) Curtailment Plan asset loss Amortization of net actuarial loss ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) Other Other comprehensive (income) loss ) ) 
 
 If actuarial gains and losses exceed 10 percent of the greater of plan assets or plan liabilities, we amortize them over the employees' average future service period. The estimated net actuarial gain and prior service cost that will be amortized from AOCI into net periodic benefit cost during 2023 is million. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service costs Amortization of actuarial net loss Settlement ) Curtailment ) ) Net periodic benefit cost 
 
 The components of net periodic benefit cost, other than the service cost component, are included in total other income (expense) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Expected annual rate of compensation increase Actuarial assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the period: Discount rate Expected rate of return on plan assets Expected annual rate of compensation increase 
 
 We determine a discount rate for our plans based on the estimated duration of each plan's liabilities. For euro denominated defined benefit pension plans, which represent of our projected benefit obligation, we use discount rates with consideration of the duration of each of the plans, using a hypothetical yield curve developed from euro-denominated AA-rated corporate bond issues. These bonds are assigned different weights to adjust their relative influence on the yield curve, and the highest and lowest yielding 10 of bonds are excluded within each maturity group. The discount rate used was . 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Our asset investment strategy focuses on maintaining a portfolio using primarily insurance funds, which are accounted for as investments and measured at fair value, in order to achieve our long-term investment objectives on a risk adjusted basis. Our general funding policy for these qualified pension plans is to contribute amounts sufficient to satisfy regulatory funding standards of the respective countries for each plan. 
 
 Insurance funds Total fair value of plan assets In thousands December 31, 2021 Cash Insurance funds Total fair value of plan assets 
 
 ) ) ) 
 In thousands Balance at January 1, 2021 Net Realized and Unrealized Gains Net Purchases, Issuances, Settlements, and Other Effect of Foreign Currency Balance at December 31, 2021 Insurance funds ) ) 
 
 As the plan assets and contributions are not significant to our total company assets, no further disclosures are considered material. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 

Note 9: 
 
 shares of common stock reserved and authorized for issuance subject to stock splits, dividends, and other similar events, and at December 31, 2022, shares were available for grant. We issue new shares of common stock upon the exercise of stock options or when vesting conditions on restricted stock units are fully satisfied. These shares are subject to a fungible share provision such that the authorized share available for grant is reduced by (i) share for every one share subject to a stock option or share appreciation right granted under the Plan and (ii) shares for every one share of common stock that was subject to an award other than an option or share appreciation right. 
 
 We also award phantom stock units, which are settled in cash upon vesting and accounted for as liability-based awards, with no impact to the shares available for grant. 
 
 In addition, we maintain the ESPP, for which shares of common stock were available for future issuance at December 31, 2022. 
 
 ESPP activity and stock-based grants other than stock options and restricted stock units were not significant for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Restricted stock units Unrestricted stock awards Phantom stock units Total stock-based compensation Related tax benefit 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2020 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Canceled ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 
 At December 31, 2022, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to nonvested stock options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately year. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected term (years) N/A N/A 
 
 Employee stock options are no longer a part of our stock compensation plan as of December 31, 2020. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Released (1) 
 ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2020 Granted Released (1) 
 ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Granted Released (1) 
 ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Vested but not released, December 31, 2022 
 
 1 Shares released is presented as gross shares and does not reflect shares withheld by us for employee payroll tax obligations. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation expense on restricted stock units was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected term (years) Weighted average fair value 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2020 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 
 At December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation expense on phantom stock units was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have recognized a phantom stock liability of million and million within wages and benefits payable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Note 10: 
 
 match on the first of the employee salary deferral, subject to statutory limitations. For our international defined contribution plans, we provide various levels of contributions, based on salary, subject to stipulated or statutory limitations. 

Note 11: 

81 

Table of Contents ) State and local Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State and local ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) Total provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) 
 
 The change in the valuation allowance does not include the impacts of currency translation adjustments, acquisitions, or significant intercompany transactions. 
 
 Our tax provision (benefit) as a percentage of income before tax was , , and less than for 2022, 2021, and 2020.) ) Foreign ) ) Total income (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) Expected federal income tax provision (benefit) ) ) ) Divestitures Change in valuation allowance ) Onshoring of international operations ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Foreign earnings ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties ) Change in tax rates ) State income tax provision (benefit), net of federal effect ) ) ) U.S. tax provision on foreign earnings Nondeductible goodwill impairment Local foreign taxes Other, net Total provision (benefit) from income taxes ) ) 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Tax credits (2) 
 Accrued expenses Pension plan benefits expense Warranty reserves Depreciation and amortization Equity compensation Inventory valuation Deferred revenue Interest Leases Capitalized research costs Other deferred tax assets, net Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities Depreciation and amortization ) ) Leases ) ) Other deferred tax liabilities, net ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 (1) million, which begin to expire in the year 2023. At December 31, 2022, we have net operating loss carryforwards in Luxembourg of billion, the majority of which can be carried forward indefinitely, offset by a full valuation allowance. The remaining portion of the loss carryforwards are composed primarily of losses in various other state and foreign jurisdictions. The majority of these losses can be carried forward indefinitely. At December 31, 2022, there was a valuation allowance of million primarily associated with foreign loss carryforwards. 
 million, which begin to expire in 2037; and state tax credits of million, which begin to expire in 2023. 
 
 Other adjustments ) ) Additions charged to costs and expenses ) Balance at end of period, noncurrent 
 
 We recognize valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets to the extent we believe it is more likely than not that a portion of such assets will not be realized. In making such determinations, we consider all available favorable and unfavorable evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and our ability to carry back losses to prior years. We are required to make assumptions and judgments about potential outcomes that lie outside management's control. Our most sensitive and critical factors are the projection, source, and character of future taxable income. Although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets, net 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Foreign taxes have been provided on these undistributed foreign earnings. As a result of recent changes in U.S. tax legislation, any repatriation of these earnings would not result in additional U.S. federal income tax. 
 
 We are subject to income tax in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We establish reserves for tax-related uncertainties based on estimates of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. These reserves are established when we believe that certain positions might be challenged despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the outcome of tax audits. The provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve positions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate. 
 
 Gross increase to positions in prior years Gross decrease to positions in prior years ) Gross increases to current period tax positions Audit settlements ) Decrease related to lapsing of statute of limitations ) Effect of change in exchange rates Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2020 Gross increase to positions in prior years Gross decrease to positions in prior years ) Gross increases to current period tax positions Audit settlements Decrease related to lapsing of statute of limitations ) Effect of change in exchange rates ) Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2021 Gross increase to positions in prior years Gross decrease to positions in prior years ) Gross increases to current period tax positions Audit settlements Decrease related to lapsing of statute of limitations ) Effect of change in exchange rates ) Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 
 
 At December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 2020 The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate 
 
 If certain unrecognized tax benefits are recognized they would create additional deferred tax assets. These assets would require a full valuation allowance in certain locations based upon present circumstances. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

) 
 
 At December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Accrued interest Accrued penalties 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we are under examination by certain tax authorities. Subsequent to year end we expect to receive an assessment from German tax authorities for years 2014-2017. We have agreed to settle certain issues with Germany, and plan to appeal or litigate others. We believe we have appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of all tax matters and do not currently anticipate that the ultimate resolution of these examinations will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, future results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Based upon the timing and outcome of examinations, litigation, the impact of legislative, regulatory, and judicial developments, and the impact of these items on the statute of limitations, it is reasonably possible that the related unrecognized tax benefits could change from those recognized within the next twelve months. However, at this time, an estimate of the range of reasonably possible adjustments to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits cannot be made. 

Note 12: 

85 

Table of Contents 

 Standby LOCs issued and outstanding ) ) Net available for additional borrowings under the multicurrency revolving line of credit Net available for additional standby LOCs under sub-facility Unsecured multicurrency revolving lines of credit with various financial institutions Multicurrency revolving lines of credit Standby LOCs issued and outstanding ) ) Short-term borrowings Net available for additional borrowings and LOCs Unsecured surety bonds in force 
 
 In the event any such standby LOC or bond is called, we would be obligated to reimburse the issuer of the standby LOC or bond; however, as of February 27, 2023, we do not believe any outstanding standby LOCs or bonds will be called. 
 
 We generally provide an indemnification related to the infringement of any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right on software or equipment within our sales contracts, which indemnifies the customer from, and pays the resulting costs, damages, and attorney's fees awarded against a customer with respect to, such a claim provided that (a) the customer promptly notifies us in writing of the claim and (b) we have the sole control of the defense and all related settlement negotiations. We may also provide an indemnification to our customers for third-party claims resulting from damages caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of our employees/agents in connection with the performance of certain contracts. The terms of our indemnifications generally do not limit the maximum potential payments. It is not possible to predict the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements. 

New product warranties Other adjustments and expirations, net ) Claims activity ) ) ) Warranties reclassified to held for sale ) Effect of change in exchange rates ) ) Ending balance Less: current portion of warranty Long-term warranty 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

Warranty expense decreased during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the same period in 2021. The lower costs in 2022 are primarily the result of a million change in estimated liability relating to resolution for gas interface modules, offset in part by recognition of million for incremental specific reserves in North America Networked Solutions. 
 
 Warranty expense decreased during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with the same period in 2020. The lower costs in 2021 are primarily the result of incremental specific reserves recognized in 2020 including million for water products in Europe, Middle East, and Africa Device Solutions and million for electric and water products in North America Networked Solutions. 

IBNR accrual, which is included in wages and benefits payable, was as follows: At December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 IBNR accrual 
 
 Our IBNR accrual and expenses may fluctuate due to the number of plan participants, claims activity, and deductible limits. For our employees located outside of the United States, health benefits are provided primarily through governmental social plans, which are funded through employee and employer tax withholdings. 
 
 Note 13: Restructuring 

87 

Table of Contents 

 ) Asset impairments net loss on sale or disposal ) Other restructuring costs Total 
 ) 
 
 2020 Projects 
 In September 2020, our Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan (the 2020 Projects), which includes activities that continue our efforts to optimize our global supply chain and manufacturing operations, sales and marketing organizations, and other overhead. These projects are scheduled to be substantially complete by the end of 2023. 
 
 ) Asset impairments net loss on sale or disposal Other restructuring costs Total 
 ) 
 
 Costs charged to expense 
 ) ) ) Cash payments 
 ) ) ) ) Cash receipts 
 Net assets disposed and impaired ) ) Effect of change in exchange rates ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, million in accrued employee severance has been released due to employee attrition and other employee agreements. 
 
 Asset impairments are determined at the asset group level. Revenues and net operating income from the activities we have exited or will exit under the restructuring projects are not material to our operating segments or consolidated results. 
 
 Certain of Itron's employees are represented by unions or works councils, which requires consultation, and potential restructuring projects may be subject to regulatory approval, both of which could impact the timing of planned savings in certain jurisdictions. 
 
 Other restructuring costs include expenses for employee relocation, professional fees associated with employee severance, costs to exit the facilities once the operations in those facilities have ceased, and other costs associated with the liquidation of any affected legal entities. Costs associated with restructuring activities are generally presented in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as restructuring, except for certain costs associated with inventory write-downs, which are classified within cost of 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and are classified within other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The long-term portions of restructuring liabilities were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The long-term portions of restructuring liabilities are classified within other long-term obligations on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and include severance accruals and facility exit costs. 

Note 14: Shareholders' Equity 
 
 million shares of preferred stock with par value. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of the corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of any outstanding preferred stock would be entitled to be paid a preferential amount per share to be determined by the Board of Directors prior to any payment to holders of common stock. There was preferred stock issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 Effective November 1, 2021, Itron's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to million of our common stock over an 18-month period (the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program). Repurchases are made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, and in accordance with applicable securities laws. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased shares of our common stock under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program. The average price paid per share was (excluding commissions) for a total of million. During the first quarter of 2022, we repurchased shares of our common stock under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program. The average price paid per share was (excluding commissions) for a total of million. shares were repurchased for the remainder of 2022. Following the announcement of the program and through 2022, we repurchased shares at an average price paid per share of (excluding commissions) for total of million. As of December 31, 2022, we are authorized to repurchase up to an additional million before May 1, 2023. 
 
 Issuance of Common Stock 
 On March 12, 2021, we closed the sale of shares of our common stock in a public offering, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately million, after deducting underwriters' discounts of the offering. 
 
 Convertible Note Hedge Transactions 
 We paid an aggregate amount of million for the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions. The Convertible Note Hedge Transactions cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those in the Convertible Notes, approximately million shares of our common stock, the same number of shares initially underlying the Convertible Notes, at a strike price of approximately , subject to customary adjustments. The Convertible Note Hedge Transactions will expire upon the maturity of the Convertible Notes, subject to earlier exercise or termination. The Convertible Note Hedge Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilutive effect of the conversion of our Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted notes, as the case may be, in the event the price per share of our common stock, as measured under the terms of the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions, is greater than the strike price of the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions. The Convertible Note Hedge Transactions meet the criteria in ASC 815-40 to be classified within Stockholders' Equity, therefore the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions are not revalued after their issuance. 
 
 We made a tax election to integrate the Convertible Notes and the call options. We are retaining the identification statements in our books and records, together with a schedule providing the accruals on the synthetic debt instruments. The accounting impact of this tax election makes the call options deductible as original issue discount for tax purposes over the term of the Convertible Note, and results in a million deferred tax asset recognized through equity. 
 
 Warrant Transactions 
 In addition, concurrently with entering into the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions, we separately entered into privately-negotiated Warrant Transactions, whereby we sold to the Counterparties warrants to acquire, collectively, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, million shares of our common stock at an initial strike price of per share, which represents a premium of over the public offering price in the common stock issuance. We received aggregate proceeds of million from the Warrant Transactions with the Counterparties, with such proceeds partially offsetting the costs of entering into the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions. The warrants expire in June 2026. If the market value per share of our common stock, as measured under the Warrant Transactions, exceeds the strike price of the warrants, the warrants will have a 
 89 

Table of Contents ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 
 In determining the amount of the impairment loss for the assets of the transaction with Dresser during the fourth quarter of 2021, we included million of accumulated foreign currency translation losses and million in unrealized defined benefit plan losses. Upon closing of the sale transaction in the first quarter of 2022, the then outstanding amounts in AOCI were reclassified to net income (loss) through loss on sale of businesses for a total of million , with a corresponding reversal of the impairment loss originally booked in the fourth quarter of 2021. Refer to Note 18: Sale of Businesses for additional information on the transaction. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we substantially liquidated our legal entity in Russia, recognizing a loss of million for the reclassification of the currency translation adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to the disposal of the business. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents ) Foreign currency translation adjustment reclassified to net loss on sale or disposal of businesses Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments, designated as cash flow hedges ) Net hedging (gain) loss reclassified to net loss 
 Net unrealized gain (loss) on defined benefit plans 
 ) Net defined benefit plan (gain) loss reclassified to net loss 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) Tax (provision) benefit Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment reclassified to net loss on sale or disposal of businesses Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments, designated as cash flow hedges ) Net hedging (gain) loss reclassified to net loss 
 ) ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on defined benefit plans 
 ) ) Net defined benefit plan (gain) loss reclassified to net loss 
 ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) tax (provision) benefit ) ) Net-of-tax amount Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment reclassified to net loss on sale or disposal of businesses Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments, designated as cash flow hedges ) Net hedging (gain) loss reclassified to net loss 
 Net unrealized gain (loss) on defined benefit plans 
 ) Net defined benefit plan (gain) loss reclassified to net loss 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) 

Note 15: Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 Convertible notes 
 
 The following methods and assumptions were used in estimating fair values: 
 Cash and cash equivalents: Due to the liquid nature of these instruments, the carrying amount approximates fair value (Level 1). 
 
 Credit Facility - multicurrency revolving line of credit: The revolver is not traded publicly. The fair values, which are determined based upon a hypothetical market participant, are calculated using a discounted cash flow model with Level 2 
 91 

Table of Contents 

Note 16: Segment Information 

92 

Table of Contents 

 Networked Solutions Outcomes Total Company Service revenues Device Solutions Networked Solutions Outcomes Total Company Total revenues Device Solutions Networked Solutions Outcomes Total Company Gross profit Device Solutions Networked Solutions Outcomes Total Company Operating income (loss) Device Solutions Networked Solutions Outcomes Corporate unallocated ) ) ) Total Company ) ) ) Total other income (expense) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 
 Our Corporate unallocated operating loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include losses from the sale of businesses of million and million. Refer to Note 18: Sale of Businesses for additional information on the transactions. 
 
 For all periods presented, no single customer represents more than 10 of total company revenue. 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Europe, Middle East, and Africa Asia Pacific and Latin America (1) 
 Total Company 

Outside United States Total Company 
 
 Networked Solutions Outcomes Corporate unallocated Total Company 

Note 17: Revenues 
 
 Revenues recognized from beginning contract liability ) Cumulative catch-up adjustments Increases due to amounts collected or due Revenues recognized from current period increases ) Other ) Ending balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 On January 1, 2022, total contract assets were million and total contract liabilities were million. On December 31, 2022, total contract assets were million and total contract liabilities were million. The contract assets primarily relate to contracts that include a retention clause and allocations related to contracts with multiple performance obligations. The contract liabilities primarily relate to deferred revenue, such as extended warranty and maintenance cost. The cumulative catch-up adjustments relate to contract modifications, measure-of-progress changes, and changes in the estimate of the transaction price. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 billion for the next months and approximately billion for periods longer than 12 months. The total remaining performance obligations consist of product and service components. The service component relates primarily to maintenance agreements for which customers pay a full year's maintenance in advance, and service revenues are generally recognized over the service period. Total transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations also includes our extended warranty contracts, for which revenue is recognized over the warranty period, and hardware, which is recognized as units are delivered. The estimate of when remaining performance obligations will be recognized requires significant judgment. 
 
 Cost to obtain a contract and cost to fulfill a contract with a customer 
 Cost to obtain a contract and costs to fulfill a contract were capitalized and amortized using a systematic rational approach to align with the transfer of control of underlying contracts with customers. While amounts were capitalized, they are not material. 
 
 Disaggregation of revenue 
 Refer to Note 16: Segment Information and the Consolidated Statements of Operations for disclosure regarding the disaggregation of revenue into categories, which depict how revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. Specifically, our operating segments and geographical regions as disclosed, and categories for products, which include hardware and software and services, are presented. 

Note 18: 
 
 subsidiaries comprising our manufacturing and sales operations in Latin America to buyers led by Instalaci n Profesional y Tecnolog as del Centro S.A. de C.V., a Mexican company doing business as Accell in Brazil (Accell), through the execution of various definitive stock purchase agreements. The sale of these Latin America-based operations is part of our continued strategy to improve profitability and focus on growing our Networked Solutions and Outcomes businesses in Latin America and throughout the world. We retained the intellectual property rights to our products sold in Latin America. As part of the transaction, we entered into an intellectual property license agreement whereby Accell pays a royalty on certain products manufactured by Accell using licensed Company intellectual property. In addition, Accell serves as the exclusive distributor for our Device Solutions, Networked Solutions, and Outcomes product and service offerings in Latin America. 
 
 The total sales price of million included deferred payments of million for working capital, which was to be paid in full by December 31, 2020, as evidenced by a promissory note, and the remainder in cash million) and other deferred consideration. We recognized a total loss of million during the year ended 2020, as the result of the total of the net assets sold (including the cumulative translation adjustment in AOCI) exceeding the sales price. 
 
 In January 2021, we agreed to extend the payment terms on the remaining outstanding working capital balance of million. Accell had agreed to make monthly payments including interest through September 2022, under which we received full payments for January through March and partial payments in April and May (totaling million including million in interest). Based on Accell's failure to make timely payments, continued requests to defer payments significantly beyond the original maturity of the working capital note and the unfavorable impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Latin American markets, we determined to fully reserve the working capital and other deferred receivables, recognizing a loss on sale of business of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Sale to Dresser 
 On November 2, 2021, Itron entered into a definitive securities and asset purchase agreement to sell certain Gas product lines from our Device Solutions manufacturing and business operations in Europe and North America to Dresser. The sale included one German subsidiary Itron GmbH along with its business operations, personnel, and the owned manufacturing facility in Karlsruhe; the business operations, personnel, and assets associated with the leased manufacturing facility in Argenteuil, France; and the business and manufacturing assets maintained at one of our contract manufacturers in North America. The base 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 million, with adjustments for (1) pension liabilities assumed by Dresser for related active employees and (2) the final working capital balance. Cash proceeds from the sale were million. 
 
 The transaction closed on February 28, 2022. The final sales price and loss on sale were determined after the finalization of the working capital adjustment, recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022. As of December 31, 2021, we recognized a pre-tax impairment loss of million as well as million for professional services in conjunction with the planned sale to Dresser (classified within loss on sale of businesses within the Consolidated Statements of Operations). In determining the amount of the impairment loss for the assets of this transaction during the fourth quarter of 2021, we included million of accumulated foreign currency translation losses and million in unrealized loss on defined benefit pension plans, both classified within AOCI. Upon closing of the sale transaction in the first quarter of 2022, the then outstanding amounts in AOCI were reclassified to net income through loss on sale of businesses for a total of million , with a corresponding reversal of the impairment loss originally booked in the fourth quarter of 2021. The difference between the amounts included for the impairment loss in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022 was driven by the change in the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate, and operating results for the period owned in 2022. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we recognized additional loss of million related to changes in the working capital balances and additional professional services. In the second quarter of 2022, the loss increased by million for professional services related to the divestiture. In the third quarter of 2022, we recognized additional loss of million related primarily to a true-up in the working capital balances. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized additional loss of million related to changes in the working capital balance and other charges related to the finalization of the transaction. We recognized a total loss of million in 2022. 

Note 19: 
 
 Variable lease cost Total operating lease cost 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to operating leases is as follows: 
 In thousands Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 
 Other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liability Weighted average remaining lease term - Operating leases years years Weighted average discount rate - Operating leases 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liability 

Note 20: 
 
 - million. Of the total estimated charge, approximately will result in cash expenditures, and the remainder to non-cash impairment charges. The majority of the expense will be recognized during the first quarter of 2023. Certain of Itron's employees are represented by unions or works councils, which requires consultation, and potential restructuring projects may be subject to regulatory approval. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9: Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 There were no disagreements with our independent accountants on accounting and financial disclosure matters within the three year period ended December 31, 2022, or in any period subsequent to such date, through the date of this report. 

Item 9A: Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Based on that evaluation, the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure the information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on our evaluation under the 2013 Framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that is included in this Annual Report. 
 
 Changes in internal controls over financial reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Itron, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Itron, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Seattle, Washington 
 February 27, 2023 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B: Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C: Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The section entitled "Proposal 1 Election of Directors" appearing in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 11, 2023 (the 2023 Proxy Statement) sets forth certain information with regard to our directors as required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Certain information with respect to persons who are or may be deemed to be executive officers of Itron, Inc. as required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K is set forth under the caption "Information about our Executive Officers" in Part I of this Annual Report. 
 
 The section entitled "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" appearing in the 2023 Proxy Statement sets forth certain information as required by Item 405 of Regulation S-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The section entitled "Corporate Governance" appearing in the 2023 Proxy Statement sets forth certain information with respect to the Registrant's code of conduct and ethics as required by Item 406 of Regulation S-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Our code of conduct and ethics can be accessed on our website, at www.itron.com under the Investors section. 
 
 There were no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to Itron's board of directors during 2023, as set forth by Item 407(c)(3) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 The section entitled "Corporate Governance" appearing in the 2023 Proxy Statement sets forth certain information regarding the Audit/Finance Committee, including the members of the Committee and the Audit/Finance Committee financial experts, as set forth by Item 407(d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11: Executive Compensation 
 
 The sections entitled "Compensation of Directors" and "Executive Compensation" appearing in the 2023 Proxy Statement set forth certain information with respect to the compensation of directors and management of Itron as required by Item 402 of Regulation S-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The section entitled "Corporate Governance" appearing in the 2023 Proxy Statement sets forth certain information regarding members of the Compensation Committee required by Item 407(e)(4) of Regulation S-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The section entitled "Compensation Committee Report" appearing in the 2023 Proxy Statement sets forth certain information required by Item 407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The section entitled "Equity Compensation Plan Information" appearing in the 2023 Proxy Statement sets forth certain information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The section entitled "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" appearing in the 2023 Proxy Statement sets forth certain information with respect to the ownership of our common stock as required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13: Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The section entitled "Corporate Governance" appearing in the 2023 Proxy Statement sets forth certain information required by Item 404 of Regulation S-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The section entitled "Corporate Governance" appearing in the 2023 Proxy Statement sets forth certain information with respect to director independence as required by Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Item 14: Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The section entitled "Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm's Audit Fees and Services" appearing in the 2023 Proxy Statement sets forth certain information with respect to the principal accounting fees and services and the Audit/Finance Committee's policy on pre-approval of audit and permissible non-audit services performed by our independent auditors as required by Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15: Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements: 
 The financial statements required by this item are submitted in Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a) (2) Financial Statement Schedule: 
 All schedules have been omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 (a) (3) Exhibits: 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 17, 2017, by and among Itron, Inc., Ivory Merger Sub, Inc., and Silver Spring, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Itron Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 18, 2017) 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Itron, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Itron, Inc. ' s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 27, 2003) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Itron, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Itron, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 28, 2022) 
 4.1 Security Agreement dated August 5, 2011 among Itron, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2011) 
 4.2 First Amendment to Security Agreement dated June 23, 2015 among Itron, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. (Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Itron, Inc. ' s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 23, 2015) 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of December 22, 2017 among Itron, Inc., the guarantors from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Itron, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 22, 2017) 
 4.4 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated January 5, 2018 among Itron, Inc. and a syndicate of banks led by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, J.P. Morgan Securities PLC, BNP Paribas, and Silicon Valley Bank (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Itron, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 12, 2018) 
 4.5 Amendment No. 1 dated October 18, 2019, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated January 5, 2018 among Itron, Inc., certain foreign borrowers, guarantors, lenders and issuing parties thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Itron, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 24, 2019) 
 4.6 Amendment No. 2 dated October 19, 2020, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated January 5, 2018 among Itron, Inc., certain foreign borrowers, guarantors, lenders and issuing parties thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Itron, Inc's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2020) 
 4.7 Amendment No. 3, dated March 8, 2021, to the Credit Agreement, dated January 5, 2018 among Itron, Inc. and certain foreign borrowers, guarantors, lenders and issuing parties thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Itron, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 12, 2021) 
 4.8 Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2021, by and between Itron, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Itron, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 12, 2021) 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 4.9 Form of 0.00 Convertible Senior Note due 2026 (Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Itron, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 12, 2021) 
 4.10 Form of Convertible Note Hedge (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Itron, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 12, 2021) 
 4.11 Form of Warrant Confirmation (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Itron, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 12, 2021) 
 4.12 Description of Registrant's Securities (filed with this report) 
 4.13 Amendment No. 4, dated February 25, 2022, to the Credit Agreement, dated January 5, 2018 among Itron, Inc. and certain foreign borrowers, guarantors, lenders and issuing parties thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. (Filed as Exhibit 4.13 to Itron, Inc's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 28, 2022) 
 4.14 Amendment No. 6, dated February 21, 2023, to the Credit Agreement, dated January 5, 2018 among Itron, Inc. and certain foreign borrowers, guarantors, lenders and issuing parties thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Itron, Inc's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 27, 2023) 
 10.1 Form of Second Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Agreement for Executive Officers. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Itron, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 4, 2022) 
 10.2 Second Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Agreement, dated May 12, 2022, by and between Itron, Inc. and Thomas L. Deitrich (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to to Itron, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 4, 2022) 
 10.3 Form of Indemnification Agreements between Itron, Inc. and certain directors and officers. (Filed as Exhibit 10.9 to Itron, Inc. ' s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 30, 2000) 
 10.4 Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Appendix A to Itron, Inc.'s Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, filed on March 13, 2014) 
 10.5 Second Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Appendix A to Itron, Inc.'s Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, filed on March 24, 2017) 
 10.6 Terms of the Amended and Restated Equity Grant Program for Nonemployee Directors under the Itron, Inc. Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Itron, Inc. ' s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 26, 2008) 
 10.7 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement for use in connection with both incentive and non-qualified stock options granted under Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Itron, Inc. ' s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 18, 2010) 
 10.8 Form of RSU Award Notice and Agreement for all Participants (excluding France) for use in connection with Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Itron, Inc. ' s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 18, 2010) 
 10.9 Form of Long Term Performance RSU Award Notice and Agreement for U.S. Participants for use in connection with Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Itron, Inc. ' s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 6, 2014) 
 10.10 Form of Long Term Performance RSU Award Notice and Agreement for International Participants (excluding France) for use in connection with Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.19 to Itron, Inc. ' s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 25, 2011) 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 10.11 Form of RSU Award Notice and Agreement for all Participants (excluding France) for use in connection with Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Itron, Inc. ' s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 6, 2014) 
 10.12 Form of RSU Award Notice and Agreement for Non-employee Directors for use in connection with Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Itron, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 3, 2013) 
 10.13 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement for use in connection with both incentive and non-qualified stock options granted under Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Itron, Inc . 's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 6, 2014) 
 10.14 Amendment to the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Itron, Inc. ' s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 3, 2016) 
 10.15 Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.21 to Itron, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 24, 2021) 
 10.16 Cooperation Agreement by and among Itron, Inc., Coppersmith Capital Management LLC, Scopia Management, Inc. and certain of their specified affiliates, Jerome J. Lande and Peter Mainz, dated as of December 9, 2015. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Itron, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 11, 2015) 
 10.17 Amendment to Cooperation Agreement by and among Itron, Inc., Coppersmith Capital Management LLC, Scopia Management, Inc. and certain of their specified affiliates, Jerome J. Lande and Peter Mainz. (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Itron, Inc. ' s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 3, 2016) 
 10.18 First Amendment to Cooperation Agreement, dated November 1, 2017, by and among Itron, Inc., Scopia Management, Inc. and certain of their specified affiliates, Jerome J. Lande and certain other individuals. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Itron, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 2, 2017) 
 10.19 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement for use in connection with both incentive and non-qualified stock options granted under Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Itron, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 4, 2017) 
 10.20 Form of Long-Term Performance RSU Award Notice and Agreement for U.S. Participants for use in connection with Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Itron, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 4, 2017) 
 10.21 Form of RSU Award Notice and Agreement for all Participants for use in connection with Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Itron, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 4, 2017) 
 10.22 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement for use in connection with both incentive and non-qualified stock options granted under Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.32 to Itron, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 28, 2019) 
 10.23 Form of Long-Term Performance RSU Award Notice and Agreement for U.S. Participants for use in connection with Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.33 to Itron, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 28, 2019) 
 10.24 Form of RSU Award Notice for awards with 1 year vesting and Agreement for all Participants for use in connection with Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.34 to Itron, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 28, 2019) 
 10.25 Form of RSU Award Notice for awards with 2 year vesting and Agreement for all Participants for use in connection with Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.35 to Itron, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 28, 2019) 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 10.26 Form of RSU Award Notice for awards with 3 year vesting and Agreement for all Participants for use in connection with Itron, Inc.'s Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.36 to Itron, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 28, 2019) 
 10.27 Employment A greement between Itron, Inc. and Thomas L. Deitrich, dated July 16, 2019. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Itron, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 22, 2019) 
 10.28 Form of Long-Term Performance RSU Award Notice and Agreement for U.S Participants for use in connection with Itron, Inc.'s Second Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.39 to Itron, Inc's Annual report on Form 10-K, filed on February 26, 2020) 
 10.29 Form of RSU Award Notice and Agreement for all Participants for use in connection with Itron, Inc.'s Second Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.36 to Itron. Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 24, 2021) 
 10.30 2022 Itron Incentive Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.36 to Itron Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 28, 2022) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Itron, Inc. (filed with this report) 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. (filed with this report) 
 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (filed with this report) 
 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (filed with this report) 
 32.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (furnished with this report) 
 101 The following financial information from Itron, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 27th day of February, 2023. 
 ITRON, INC. By: /s/ JOAN S. HOOPER Joan S. Hooper Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 27th day of February, 2023. 
 Signatures Title /s/ THOMAS L. DEITRICH Thomas L. Deitrich President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Director /s/ JOAN S. HOOPER Joan S. Hooper Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer /s/ MARY C. HEMMINGSEN Mary C. Hemmingsen Director /s/ FRANK M. JAEHNERT Frank M. Jaehnert Director /s/ JEROME J. LANDE Jerome J. Lande Director /s/ TIMOTHY M. LEYDEN Timothy M. Leyden Director /s/ SANTIAGO PEREZ Santiago Perez Director /s/ GARY E. PRUITT Gary E. Pruitt Director /s/ DIANA D. TREMBLAY Diana D. Tremblay Chair of the Board /s/ LYNDA L. ZIEGLER Lynda L. Ziegler Director 
 
 107 

<EX-4.12>
 2
 itriex-41212312022exdescri.htm
 EX-4.12 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Document 
 Exhibit 4.12 

 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 
 The following description of the Company s common stock is based upon the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Articles ), the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws and applicable provisions of law. We have summarized certain portions of the Articles and Bylaws below. The summary is not complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by express reference to, the provisions of our Articles and Bylaws, each of which is filed as an exhibit on Form 8 K of which this Exhibit 4.12 is a part. 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 Under the Articles, the Company s authorized capital stock consists of 75,000,000 shares of common stock, without par value, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, without par value. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Common Stock Outstanding . The outstanding shares of the Company s common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. The Company s common stock is listed and principally traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol ITRI. 
 
 Dividend Rights . Subject to the prior or preferential rights of holders of our preferred stock outstanding at the time, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our Board of Directors out of legally available funds. 
 
 Voting Rights . Each share of our common stock entitles its holder to one vote on all matters voted on by the shareholders, including the election of directors. We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election of directors in our Articles. 
 
 Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions . Subject to the prior or preferential rights of holders of our preferred stock outstanding at the time, in the event of our liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to shareholders. 
 
 Rights and Preferences . Holders of our common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Our Board of Directors has the authority, without further action by our shareholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences, and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms, and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock by us could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock by us could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of our company or other corporate action. No shares of preferred stock are outstanding, and we have no present plan to issue any shares of preferred stock. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 
 Certain provisions of our Articles and Bylaws could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of our company without further action by our shareholders and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. For example, our Articles and Bylaws include provisions that 
 authorize our Board of Directors to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to determine the price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of those shares without any further vote or action by the shareholders. The rights of the holders of common stock may be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future 
 limit the ability of shareholders to raise matters at a meeting of shareholders without giving advance notice 
 provide that directors may only be removed for cause 
 set the Superior Court of Spokane County of the State of Washington as the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors or officers to the Company or the Company s shareholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against the Company arising under or pursuant to, or based on, any provision of the Washington Business Corporation Act or our Articles or Bylaws, or (d) any action asserting a claim against the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine and 
 provide for a classified Board of Directors, which will generally make it more difficult for shareholders to replace a majority of our Board of Directors. 
 Washington law, our Articles and Bylaws limit the ability of shareholders from acting by written consent by requiring unanimous written consent for shareholder action to be effective. Similarly, state anti-takeover laws in the State of Washington related to corporate takeovers may prevent or delay a change of control of our Company. 

</EX-4.12>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 itriex-21112312022exhibit.htm
 EX-21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 Itron, Inc. Domestic Subsidiaries State of Incorporation Itron International, LLC Delaware Itron Networked Solutions, Inc. Delaware SSN Holdings, LLC Delaware Itron Global LLC dba Itron Global Trading Texas Royal Cautivo Insurance, Inc. Utah Itron, Inc. International Subsidiaries Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Itron Australasia Pty Limited Australia Itron Austria GmbH Austria Itron Belgium SA Belgium Itron Canada, Inc. Canada Silver Spring Networks International Limited Cayman Island Itron Metering Solutions (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China Itron Metering Systems (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China Itron Czech Republic s.r.o. Czech Republic Itron France S.A.S Dubai U.A.E. Branch Office 
 Dubai Asais S.A.S France Asais Conseil S.A.S. France Itron France S.A.S. France Itron Holding France S.A.S. France Itron Holding Germany GmbH Germany Itron Z hler & Systemtechnik GmbH Germany Itron Unterstutzungskasse GmbH Germany Allmess GmbH Germany Itron Unterstutzungseinrichtung GmbH Germany SEWA GmbH Germany Itron Labs Kft Hungary Itron India Private Limited India Itron Metering Solutions India Private Limited India Silver Spring Networks India LLP India PT Mecoindo (J.V.) Indonesia Itron Management Services Ireland, Limited Ireland Temetra Limited Ireland Itron Italia SpA Italy Itron Japan Co., Ltd. Japan Itron Metering Solutions Luxembourg SARL Luxembourg Itron Global SARL Luxembourg Metertek Sdn Bhd (J.V. 100 indirectly owned) Malaysia Itron Servicios, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Itron Nederland B.V. Netherlands Itron New Zealand Limited New Zealand Itron Polska SP ZOO Poland Itron Portugal, Unipessoal, LDA. Portugal Itron Imobiliaria, Unipessoal, LDA. Portugal Itron Sistemas de Medi o Lda. Portugal 

Itron, Inc. International Subsidiaries Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Itron Measurement and Systems (Proprietary) Limited Republic of South Africa Itron LLC Russia Itron Belgium (Rwandan Branch Office) Rwanda Itron Metering Systems Singapore Pte Ltd. Singapore Itron Spain SLU Spain Itron Sweden AB Sweden Itron Metering Solutions (Thailand) Co. Ltd. Thailand Itron Ukraine Ukraine Itron Ukrgas Meters Company (J.V. Majority) Ukraine Itron Metering Solutions UK Ltd. United Kingdom Itron Development UK Ltd. United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 itriex-23112312022exhibit.htm
 EX-23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-253986 on Form S-3, and Nos. 333-40356, 333-89966, 333-97571, 333-110703, 333-115987, 333-125461, 333-134749, 333-143048, 333-166601, 333-181685, 333-193970, 333-195633, 333-218086, 333-222480, and 333-226020 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 27, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Itron, Inc. and the effectiveness of the Itron, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Seattle, Washington 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 itriex-31112312022exhibit.htm
 EX-31.1 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Thomas L. Deitrich, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Itron, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITRON, INC. By s THOMAS L. DEITRICH Thomas L. Deitrich President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date February 27, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 itriex-31212312022exhibit.htm
 EX-31.2 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Joan S. Hooper, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Itron, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITRON, INC. By s JOAN S. HOOPER Joan S. Hooper Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date February 27, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 itriex-32112312022exhibit.htm
 EX-32.1 SECTION 906 CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATIONS

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the Annual Report of Itron, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report) for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 
 Thomas L. Deitrich, the Chief Executive Officer and Joan S. Hooper, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certifies that to the best of his or her knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s THOMAS L. DEITRICH Thomas L. Deitrich President and Chief Executive Officer February 27, 2023 s JOAN S. HOOPER Joan S. Hooper Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 27, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 itri-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 itri-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 itri-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 itri-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 itri-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

