<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_731245_0001213900-23-025415.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3330973</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>137355</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>705513</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>843939</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>828432</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>722885</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025415.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160116
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025415
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORP/DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000731245
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				131954619
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08594
		FILM NUMBER:		23787366

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1430 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 503
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		914-948-1300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1430 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 503
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025415.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_presidential.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(MARK ONE) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Class
A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates based on the closing price of the stock at June 30, 2022 was .
For purposes of this calculation it is assumed that officers and directors of the registrant are affiliates and that the BBJ Family Irrevocable
Trust is an affiliate. The registrant has no non-voting stock. The number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes
of common stock as of March 30, 2023 was shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference : None. 

PRESIDENTIAL
REALTY CORPORATION 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Explanatory
 Note 
 ii 

Forward-Looking
 Statements 
 ii 

PART
 I. 
 
 1 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 3 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 13 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 13 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 14 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 14 

PART
 II. 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 15 

ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 15 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 15 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 20 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 20 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLSAND
 PROCEDURES 
 20 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHERINFORMATION 
 21 

ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevents Inspections 
 21 

PART
 III. 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 22 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 24 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 25 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 27 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 28 

PART
 IV. 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS,
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 29 

i 

Explanatory
Note 

This
Annual Report on Form-K (this Form 10-K is a comprehensive filing for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 filed by
Presidential Realty Corp. Presidential , the Company, we, us or our, 
unless the context indicates otherwise). 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
report contains statements that do not relate to historical facts, but are forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements
relate to analyses and other information based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements
may also relate to future events or trends, our future prospects and proposed development or business strategies, among other things.
These statements can generally (although not always) be identified by their use of terms and phrases such as anticipate, appear, believe,
continue, could, estimate, expect, indicate, intend, may, plan, possible, predict, project, pursue, will, would and other similar terms
and phrases, as well as the use of the future tense. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the
date hereof, and forward looking statements in documents incorporated by reference speak only as of the date of those documents. Unless
otherwise required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Examples
of forward-looking statements in this report include, but are not limited to, the following categories of expectations about: 

our
 ability to implement plans for growth; 

our
 ability to finance the acquisition of new real estate assets; 

our
 ability to manage growth; 

our
 ability to generate operating liquidity; 

our
 ability to attract and maintain tenants for our rental properties; 

the
 demand for rental properties and the creditworthiness of tenants; 

financial
 results for 2023 and beyond; 

future
 acquisitions and dispositions of assets; 

future
 development and redevelopment opportunities; 

future
 issuances of capital stock; 

market
 and industry trends; 

interest
rates; 

the
 outcome and impact of any litigation; 

operating
 performance including statements relating to creating value for stockholders; 

governmental
 actions and initiatives; 

environmental
 and safety requirements; 

the
 form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions in future periods. 

ii 

Any
forward-looking statements are based upon management s beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking
into account information currently available. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations may change as a result of possible events or
factors, not all of which are known. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may vary
materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary from forward-looking statements due to, but not
limited to, the following: 

the
 availability and terms of capital and financing; 

the
 ability to refinance or repay indebtedness as it matures; 

the
 failure of purchase, sale, or other contracts to close; 

the
 failure to achieve anticipated benefits from acquisitions and investments or from dispositions; 

the
 potential dilutive effect of common or preferred stock offerings; 

the
 impact of future financing arrangements including secured and unsecured indebtedness; 

the
 availability of buyers and pricing with respect to the disposition of assets; 

risks
 and uncertainties related to national and local economic conditions, the real estate industry in general, and the commercial real
 estate markets in particular; 

leasing
 risks, including the ability to obtain new tenants or renew expiring tenants, the ability to lease newly developed and/or recently
 acquired space, and the risk of declining leasing rates; 

the
 adverse change in the financial condition of one or more of our major tenants; 

volatility
 in interest rates and insurance rates; 

competition
 from other developers or investors; 

the
 risks associated with real estate developments (such as zoning approval, receipt of required permits, construction delays, cost overruns,
 and leasing risk); 

the
 loss of key personnel; 

the
 potential liability for uninsured losses, condemnation, or environmental issues; 

the
 potential liability for a failure to meet regulatory requirements; 

the
 financial condition and liquidity of, or disputes with, joint venture partners; 

any
 failure to comply with debt covenants under credit agreements; 

any
 failure to continue to qualify for taxation as a real estate investment trust and meet regulatory requirements; 

risks
 associated with the COVID 19 Pandemic; 

potential
 changes to tax legislation; 

potential
 changes to state, local or federal regulations applicable to our business; 

changes
 in demand for properties; 

risks
 associated with the acquisition, development, expansion, leasing and management of properties; 

significant
 costs related to condemnation, or environmental issues; 

those
 additional risks and factors discussed in reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC by us. 

iii 

PART
I. 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 

(a) 
 General 

Presidential
Realty Corporation is a Delaware corporation organized in 1983 to succeed to the business of a company of the same name which was organized
in 1961 to succeed to the business of a closely held real estate business founded in 1911. The terms, we , us ,
 our , Presidential or the Company refer to the present Presidential Realty Corporation or its
predecessor company of the same name and to any subsidiaries. Since 1982, we have elected to be treated as a real estate investment trust REIT for Federal and State income tax purposes. See (e) Qualification as a REIT . We own, directly or indirectly,
interests in real estate and interests in entities that own real estate. 

(b) Business Generally 

We
have only one business segment: our real estate investments. Our principal assets fall into the following categories: 

(i) 
 Mapletree: 
 
 Ownership
of Rental Properties at December 31, 2022: 1,626,860 net of accumulated depreciation of 959,637, which is approximately 65 of our
assets. At December 31, 2022, this consisted of our ownership of the Mapletree Industrial Center located in Palmer, Massachusetts. This
is a multi-tenant rental facility which was originally the Wickwire-Spencer Wire Mill until 1970 at which time it became rental space.
The property consists of 31 buildings located on approximately 48 acres. Major tenants include National Fiber, Creative Material Technologies
office and lab, New England Promotional Marketing and Fulfillment Plus, Consolidated Lumber Transport office, Eastern States Associates
office, ESSROC Materials (a Portland cement distributor) and American Cable Assembly. The property offers traditional office space and
industrial/warehouse space along with vacant land with rail access. At December 31, 2022, the property had 98.4 occupancy. The buildings
comprise a total of 420,797 square feet, of which 318,780 is rentable. The property has a carrying value of 1,626,860, less accumulated
depreciation of 959,637, resulting in a net carrying value of 667,223 at December 31, 2022. See Properties below. 

(ii)
 Avalon: 

We
 own 31.3333 of Avalon Jubilee LLC which consists of 19 finished, single-family subdivision lots and approximately 21.42 acres of
 subsequent phases of undeveloped land located in Los Lunas, New Mexico . The fair value of the property is 0, which is approximately
 0 of our assets. 

(iii) 
 Cash:
 At December 31, 2022, we had 154,331 in cash, which is approximately 15 of our assets. (See Investment Strategies below.) 

Under
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), a REIT that meets certain requirements is not subject to Federal
income tax on that portion of its taxable income that is distributed to its shareholders, if at least 90 of its real estate investment
trust taxable income (exclusive of capital gains) is so distributed. Since January 1, 1982, the Company has elected to be taxed
as a REIT. We were not required to pay any dividends in 2023 and 2022. 

While
we intend to operate in such a manner as to be taxed as a REIT, and to pay dividends in an amount sufficient to maintain REIT status,
we cannot promise that we will, in fact, continue to be taxed as a REIT or that the Company will have cash available to pay any dividends
that may be required to maintain REIT status. We were not required to pay any dividends in 2022 and believe that we will not be required
to pay dividends in 2023 to maintain our REIT status. See e) Qualification as a REIT and Item 5. - Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

We
currently maintain a website at www.presrealty.com. We file annual, quarterly and periodic reports, proxy statements and other information
electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), which filings are available at the SEC s website
(http://www.sec.gov.) free of charge, or at its public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the
SEC 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information about the public reference room. 

(c) 
 Investment
 Strategies 

Our
general investment strategy is to continue our REIT status, make investments in real estate assets that offer attractive current yields
and, in some cases, potential for capital appreciation. 

Our
investment policy is not contained in or subject to restrictions included in the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
and there are no limits in the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws on the percentage of assets that it may invest
in any one type of asset or the percentage of securities of any one issuer that it may acquire. The investment policy may, therefore,
be changed by our Board of Directors of the Company without the concurrence of the holders of its outstanding stock. However, to continue
to qualify as a REIT, we must restrict our activities to those permitted under the Code. See (e) Qualification as a REIT . 

1 

(d) 
 Qualification
 as a REIT 

Since
1982, we have operated in a manner intended to permit us to qualify as a REIT under Sections 856 to 860 of the Code. We intend to continue
to operate in a manner to continue to qualify as a REIT. However, we cannot promise that we will be able to continue to operate in such
a manner or to remain qualified. 

In
any year that we qualify as a REIT and meet other conditions, including the distribution to stockholders of at least 90.0 of our real
estate investment trust taxable income (excluding long-term capital gains but before a deduction for dividends paid), we will
be entitled to deduct the distributions that we pay to our stockholders in determining our ordinary income and capital gains that are
subject to Federal income taxation (see Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ). Income not distributed is subject
to tax at rates applicable to a domestic corporation. In addition, we are subject to an excise tax (at a rate of 4 if the amounts actually
or deemed distributed during the year do not meet certain distribution requirements. In order to receive this favorable tax treatment,
the Company must restrict our operations to those activities that are permitted under the Code and to the holding of assets that a REIT
is permitted to hold. 

We
cannot promise that we will continue to be taxed as a REIT, that we will have sufficient cash to pay dividends in order to maintain REIT
status or that we will make cash distributions in the future. In addition, even if we continue to qualify as a REIT, the Board of Directors
has the discretion to determine whether or not to distribute long-term capital gains and other types of income not required to be distributed
in order to maintain REIT tax treatment. 

(e) 
 Competition 

The
real estate business is highly competitive in all respects. In all phases of our business, we face competition from companies with greater
financial and other resources. To the extent that we seek to acquire additional properties or originate new loans, we face competition
from other potential purchasers or lenders with greater financial resources. 

Obtaining
tenants for our rental property is also highly competitive. We face competition from newer buildings and from property owners who have
more financial resources available to them for capital improvements to their properties. 

(f) 
 Employees 

At
December 31, 2022, we employed 4 people, two of whom are employed at our executive office and two at our Mapletree property. 

2 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

In
addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluation
of our business. Our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.
Additional risks not presently known to us, or which we currently consider immaterial, may also impair our business and operations. 

Our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by the recent COVID-19 pandemic and the
impact could be material to us. 

In
December 2019, the Novel Corona Virus, COVID-19 was reported to have emerged in Wuhan, China. In March 2020, the World Health Organization WHO declared the COVID-19 outbreak a global pandemic. The long term extent of the pandemic on the Company s business,
financial condition, liquidity, result of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted,
including, among others, the duration and scope of the pandemic; actions that have been and continue to be taken by governmental entities,
individuals and businesses in response to the pandemic; the impact on economic activity from the pandemic and actions taken in response
thereto; the impact on capital availability and costs of capital; the impact on our employees; any other operational disruptions or difficulties
we may face; and the effect on our customers and their ability to make rental payments. Many companies are implementing work from home
polices that could negatively affect the ability to rent our properties. These polices could further impact the commercial real estate
markets and decrease the leasing rates the Company can charge. Any of these events, individually or in aggregate, could have a material
adverse impact on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and share price. 

Historical
losses have limited our ability to raise working capital for growth. 

The
Company has a history of operating losses and working capital deficiency, which could be detrimental to future growth. Our ability to
grow is dependent upon our ability to acquire additional properties through raising capital either through debt and/or equity financing. 
We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business
and the ability to finance growth. As a result, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our prior losses
and potential future losses have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. 

The
Company is leveraged and may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to pay its debt service and operating expenses . 

The
Company s largest asset and its primary income producing asset, the Mapletree Industrial Center, acts as security for a mortgage
loan. There is no guaranty that the Mapletree Property will continue to generate revenues sufficient to pay the debt service on
the loan and, together with other income, to pay the Company s operating expenses. If the Company is unable to service the
debt, or pay its operating expenses, then the Company will be required to sell the Mapletree Property and may cease to qualify as a REIT. 

3 

Volatility
in capital and credit markets, or other unfavorable changes in economic conditions, could adversely impact us. 

The
capital and credit markets are subject to volatility and disruption. We may not be able to obtain new debt financing or refinance our
existing debt on favorable terms or at all, which would adversely affect our liquidity, our ability to make distributions to stockholders
and acquire and dispose of assets. Other weakened economic conditions, including job losses and high unemployment rates, could adversely
affect rental rates and occupancy levels. Unfavorable changes in economic conditions may have a material adverse impact on our cash flows
and operating results. 

Additional
key economic risks which may adversely affect conditions in the markets in which we operate include the following: 

local
 conditions, such as an oversupply of office space available to rent, or a reduction in demand for office space in the area; 

declines
 in the financial condition of our tenants, which may make it more difficult for us to collect rents from some tenants; 

declines
 in market rental rates; 

regional
 economic downturns which may affect one or more of our geographical markets; 

increased
 operating costs, if these costs cannot be passed through to tenants; 

material
 changes in any significant tenant industry concentration; 

the
 general reputation of real estate as an attractive investment in comparison to other equity
 securities; 

changes in market valuations of our properties; 

the
 attractiveness of our assets compared to other sectors of the real estate industry; 

changes
 in tax law; 

adverse
 market reaction to the amount of our outstanding debt at any time, the amount of our maturing debt and our ability to refinance such
 debt on favorable terms; 

any
 failure to comply with existing debt covenants; and 

the
 realization of any other risk factors described in this report. 

Difficulties
of selling real estate could limit our flexibility. 

We
intend to continue to evaluate the potential disposition of assets which may no longer meet our investment objectives. When we decide
to sell an asset, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers in a timely manner as real estate investments generally cannot be disposed
of quickly, especially when market conditions are poor. These factors may limit our ability to vary our portfolio promptly in response
to changes in economic or other conditions and may also limit our ability to utilize sales proceeds as a source of liquidity, which would
adversely affect our ability to make distributions to stockholders or repay debt. 

4 

We
may incur significant costs to comply with environmental laws and environmental contamination may impair our ability to lease and/ or
sell real estate. 

Our
operations and properties are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations concerning the protection of the environment,
including air and water quality, hazardous or toxic substances and health and safety. Under some environmental laws, a current or previous
owner or operator of real estate may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances released at a property. The
owner or operator may also be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage or personal injuries and for
investigation and clean-up costs incurred by those parties because of the contamination. These laws often impose liability without regard
to whether the owner or operator knew of the release of the substances or caused the release. The presence of contamination or the failure
to remediate contamination may also impair our ability to sell or lease real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral.
Other laws and regulations govern indoor and outdoor air quality including those that can require the abatement or removal of asbestos-containing
materials in the event of damage, demolition, renovation or remodeling and govern emissions of and exposure to asbestos fibers in the
air. The maintenance and removal of lead paint and certain electrical equipment containing polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are also
regulated by federal and state laws. We are also subject to risks associated with human exposure to chemical or biological contaminants
such as molds, pollens, viruses and bacteria which, above certain levels, can be alleged to be connected to allergic or other health
effects and symptoms in susceptible individuals. We could incur fines for environmental compliance and be held liable for the costs of
remedial action with respect to the foregoing regulated substances or related claims arising out of environmental contamination or human
exposure to contamination at or from our properties. 

Each
of our properties has been subject to varying degrees of environmental assessment. Our Mapletree Property has a controlled recognized
environmental condition that was remediated by the Company during the years 2009-2012. This remediation plan was fully approved and audited
after completion by the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection. The property currently has certain use restrictions and
has to perform ongoing required monitoring that was part of the remediation plan. While there are currently no further actions required
with regards to this environmental condition, the company could experience future risks related to this condition or other conditions
that could develop at its properties. 

We
have limited assets so that an adverse event occurring with respect to one asset may not be offset by the performance of the remaining
assets . 

At
the end of 2022 we owned two investments: Mapletree Industrial Center and Avalon Jubilee. We are vulnerable to significant losses as
a percentage of our assets if there is an adverse effect to the Mapletree Property. 

Losses
from catastrophes may exceed our insurance coverage. 

We
carry comprehensive property and liability insurance on our properties, which we believe is of the type and amount customarily obtained
on similar real property assets by similar types of owners. We intend to obtain similar coverage for properties we acquire in the future.
However, some losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as losses from floods, hurricanes, or earthquakes, may be subject to coverage
limitations. We exercise our discretion in determining amounts, coverage limits, and deductible provisions of insurance to maintain appropriate
insurance on our investments at a reasonable cost and on suitable terms. If we suffer a catastrophic loss, our insurance coverage may
not be sufficient to pay the full current market value or current replacement value of our lost investment, as well as the anticipated
future revenues from the property. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations, and other factors
also may reduce the feasibility of using insurance proceeds to replace a property after it has been damaged or destroyed. 

5 

Competition
and changing rental needs due to companies allowing employees to work remotely could limit our ability to lease our properties or increase
or maintain rental income. 

There
are numerous alternatives which compete with our properties in attracting tenants. Some of these other properties may be newer and offer
more modern amenities. This competitive environment could have a material adverse effect on our ability to lease our present properties
as well as on the rents realized. In addition, companies allowing employees to work remotely could reduce demand and lease prices for
rental space and reduce income derived from our properties. 

Newly
developed and acquired properties may not produce the cash flow that we expect, which could adversely affect our overall financial performance. 

In
deciding whether to acquire or develop a particular property, we make assumptions regarding the expected future performance of that property.
If our estimated return on investment proves to be inaccurate, it may fail to perform as we expected. With certain properties, our business
plan contemplates reposition or redeveloping that property with the goal of increasing its cash flow, value or both. Our estimate of
the costs of repositioning or redeveloping an acquired property may prove to be inaccurate, which may result in our failure to meet our
profitability goals. Additionally, we may acquire new properties not fully leased or developed and the cash flow from those properties
may be insufficient to pay the operating expenses and debt service associated with that property until the property is more fully leased
or developed. If one or more of these new properties do not perform as expected or we are unable to successfully integrate new properties
into our operations, our financial performance and ability to make distributions may be adversely affected. 

Investments
through joint ventures involve risks not present in investments in which we are the sole investor. 

We
have invested, and may continue to invest, as a joint venture partner in joint ventures. These investments involve risks, including the
possibility the other joint venture partner may have business goals which are inconsistent with ours, possess the ability to take action
or withhold consent contrary to our requests, or become insolvent and require us to assume and fulfill the joint venture s financial
obligations. We and our joint venture partner may each have the right to initiate a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause us to sell
our interest, or acquire our joint venture partner s interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have entered into such a transaction.
Each joint venture agreement is individually negotiated, and our ability to operate, finance, and/or dispose of a community in our sole
discretion may be limited to varying degrees depending on the terms of the joint venture agreement. 

Such
investments may involve risks not otherwise present when acquiring real estate directly, including for example: 

joint
 ventures may share certain approval rights over major decisions; 

co-ventures,
 co-owner or partner may at any time have economic or business interests or goals which are or which may become inconsistent with
 our business interests or goals, including inconsistent goals relating to the sale of properties held in the joint venture or the
 timing of termination or liquidation of the joint venture; 

6 

the
 possibility that our co-ventures, co-owner or partner in an investment might become insolvent or bankrupt; 

the
 possibility that we may incur liabilities as a result of an action taken by our co-venture, co-owner or partner; 

a
 co-venture, co-owner or partner may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies
 or objectives, including our policy with respect to qualifying and maintaining our qualification as a REIT; 

disputes
 between us and our co-ventures may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent its officers
 and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business and result in subjecting the properties owned by the applicable
 joint venture to additional risk; or 

under
 certain joint venture arrangements, neither joint venture partner may have the power to control the venture, and an impasse could
 be reached which might have a negative influence on the joint venture. 

Our
acquisition strategy may not produce the cash flows expected. 

We
may acquire additional operating properties on a selective basis. Our acquisition activities are subject to a number of risks, including
the following: 

our
 percentage ownership in any new property may be small; 

we
 may not be able to successfully integrate acquired properties into our existing operations; 

our
 estimates of the costs, if any, of repositioning or redeveloping the acquired property may prove inaccurate; 

the
 expected occupancy and rental rates may differ from the actual results; and 

we
 may not be able to obtain adequate financing. 

A
portion of any acquisitions we may make in the near future will have to be made through the issuance and/or sale of shares of our common
stock and will likely result in our ownership together with other partners. We may not be able to identify suitable partners or properties
on terms acceptable to us and may not achieve expected returns or other benefits. 

We
depend on our key personnel. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to attract and retain the services of executive officers and other personnel. There is substantial
competition for qualified personnel in the real estate industry, and the loss of key personnel could have an adverse effect on us. 

7 

Insufficient
cash flows could limit our ability to pay our operating expenses to make required payments for debt obligations or pay distributions
to shareholders. 

All
of our income is derived from rental and other income from our Mapletree Property. As a result, our performance depends in large part
on our ability to collect rent from tenants, which could be negatively affected by a number of factors, including the following: 

delay
 in lease commencements; 

decline
 in occupancy; 

failure
 of tenants to make rental payments when due; 

the
 attractiveness of our properties to tenants and potential tenants; 

our
 ability to adequately manage and maintain our properties; 

competition
 from other available commercial alternatives; and 

changes
 in market rents. 

Cash
flow could be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest with respect to debt financing. In order for us to continue
to qualify as a REIT, we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to distribute annual
dividends to our stockholders equal to a minimum of 90 of our REIT taxable income, computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction
and our net capital gains. This requirement limits the cash available to meet required principal payments on our debt. 

We
may be unable to renew, repay or refinance our outstanding debt. 

We
are subject to the risk that indebtedness on our properties will not be renewed, repaid or refinanced when due or the terms of any renewal
or refinancing will not be as favorable as the existing terms of such indebtedness. If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness on
acceptable terms, or at all, we might be forced to dispose of one or more of the properties on disadvantageous terms, which might result
in losses to us. Such losses could have a material adverse effect on us and our ability to make distributions to our shareholders and
pay amounts due on our debt. Furthermore, if a property is mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and we are unable to meet mortgage
payments, the mortgagee could foreclose on the property, appoint a receiver and exercise rights under an assignment of rents and leases,
or pursue other remedies, all with a consequent loss of our revenues and asset value. Foreclosures could also create taxable income without
accompanying cash proceeds, thereby hindering our ability to meet the REIT distribution requirements of the Code. 

Issuances
of additional debt may adversely impact our financial condition. 

Our
capital requirements depend on numerous factors, including the rental and occupancy rates of our properties, dividend payment rates to
our stockholders, capital expenditures, costs of operations and potential acquisitions. If our capital requirements vary materially from
our plans, we may require additional financing earlier than anticipated. If we issue more debt, we could become more leveraged, resulting
in increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in our debt service requirements, both of which could adversely affect
our financial condition and ability to access debt and equity capital markets in the future. 

8 

Potential
conflicts of interest between related parties. 

We
outsource the management of the Mapletree property to Signature Community Management LLC and Signature Community Investment Group LLC,
companies owned by our CEO. This is a related party relationship and while monitored by our Board of Directors could be subject to conflicts
of interest. 

The
form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions in future periods may vary and be impacted by economic and other considerations. 

The
form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions will be declared at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on
actual cash from operations, our financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions
of the Code and other factors as the Board may consider relevant. The Board may modify the form, timing and/or amount of dividends from
time to time. 

Tax
matters, including failure to qualify as a REIT, could have adverse consequences. 

We
may not continue to qualify as a REIT in the future. The Internal Revenue Service may challenge our qualification as a REIT for prior
years and new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations, or court decisions may change the tax laws or the application
of the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT or the federal tax consequences of such qualification. 

For
any taxable year that we fail to qualify as a REIT and do not qualify under statutory relief provisions: 

we
 would be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates, including any applicable alternative minimum
 tax; 

we
 would be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify, thereby
 reducing our net income, including any distributions to shareholders, as we would be required to pay significant income taxes for
 the year or years involved; and 

our
ability to expand our business and raise capital would be impaired, which may adversely affect the value of our common shares. 

We
may face other tax liabilities in the future which may impact our cash flow. These potential tax liabilities may be calculated on our
income or property values at either the corporate or individual property levels. Any additional tax expense incurred would decrease the
cash available for cash distributions to our shareholders. 

We
may change our targeted investments without stockholder consent. 

We
have no restrictions in our Certificate of Incorporation or other organization documents with respect to the types of investments we
may make. We may make adjustments to our target portfolio based on real estate market conditions and investment opportunities, and we
may change our targeted investments and investment guidelines at any time without the consent of our common stockholders, which could
result in our making investments that are different from, and possibly riskier than, the investments that we have made in the past. A
change in our targeted investments or investment guidelines may increase our exposure to real estate market risk, interest rate risk,
default risk and concentration risk, all of which could adversely affect the value of our common stock and our ability to make distributions
to our stockholders. 

We
may pursue business development and strategic transactions that could result in a change of strategy, dilution to our current stockholders
or an acquisition at a per share value that is less than our stockholders may have paid for their investment in the Company. 

Our
board of directors is continually evaluating business development opportunities and other opportunities for strategic transactions with
third parties. This may include the sale of additional stock, the sale of our assets or even the sale of the entire company. If any of
these transactions occur there may be an adverse effect on our stockholders. For instance, depending on the terms of such transactions,
most notably the price per share, which may be less than the price paid per share in our public or private offerings, and the value of
our properties, holders of our common stock might experience a dilution in the book value per share of their stock. 

9 

A
stockholder s interest in us may be diluted if we issue additional stock. 

Our
common stockholders do not have preemptive rights to any stock we issue in the future. Therefore, in the event that we (1) sell stock
in the future, (2) sell securities that are convertible into stock, (3) issue stock in a private offering, (4) issue stock upon the exercise
of options granted to our directors, executives, employees or others, or (5) issue stock to sellers of assets acquired by us in connection
with an exchange of limited partnership interests in our operating partnership, holders of our common stock will experience dilution
of their percentage ownership in us. Depending on the terms of such transactions, most notably the price per share, which may be less
than the price paid per share in our public or private offerings, and the value of our properties, holders of our common stock might
also experience a dilution in the book value per share of their stock. 

Our
organization documents permit our board of directors to issue stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into equity securities,
with terms that maybe subordinate the rights of our common stockholders or discourage a third party from acquiring us in a manner that
could result in a premium price to our stockholders. 

Our
board of directors may issue, classify and establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, and limitations
as to distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption of any of our preferred stock. Our board of directors could
authorize the issuance of preferred stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into equity securities, with terms and conditions
that could have priority as to distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation over the rights of the holders of our common stock.
Such preferred stock and convertible or exchangeable securities could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change
in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets)
that might provide a premium price to holders of our common stock. 

Our
stockholders have limited control over changes in our policies and operations, which increases the uncertainty and risks of an investment
in us. 

Our
board s broad discretion in setting policies and our stockholders inability to exert control over those policies increases
the uncertainty and risks of an investment in us. 

Share
ownership limits and our ability to issue additional equity securities may prevent takeovers beneficial to shareholders and limits our
ability to make investments using our common stock. 

For
us to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must have 100 or more shareholders during the year and not more than 50 in value of our
outstanding shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals. As defined for federal income tax purposes, the
term individuals includes a number of specified entities. To minimize the possibility of us failing to qualify as a REIT
under this test, our articles of incorporation include restrictions on transfers of our shares and ownership limits. The ownership limits,
as well as our ability to issue other classes of equity securities, may delay, defer, or prevent a change in control. These provisions
may also deter tender offers for our common shares which may be attractive to you or limit your opportunity to receive a premium for
your shares which might otherwise exist if a third party were attempting to effect a change in control transaction. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation limits ownership of our common stock by a single holder or group of related holders to 9.2 . Until we can
increase the market price of our stock and increase our asset base, the number of shares that can be issued to any single holder or group
of related holders adversely affects our ability to use our common stock as the purchase price for new assets. 

10 

Our
share price will fluctuate. 

The
market price and trading volume of our common shares are subject to fluctuation due to general market conditions, the risks discussed
in this report and other matters, including the following: 

operating
 results which vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

investor
 interest in our property portfolio; 

the
 reputation and performance of REITs; 

the
 attractiveness of REITs as compared to other investment vehicles; 

the
 results of our financial condition and operations; 

the
 perception of our growth and earnings potential; 

dividend
 payment rates; 

increases
 in market interest rates, which may lead purchasers of our common shares to demand a higher yield; and 

changes
 in financial markets and national economic and general market conditions. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the Pink Sheets OTCQB market which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the Pink Sheets OTCQB market, which is a significantly more limited trading market than the New York Stock
Exchange or The NASDAQ Stock Market. The quotation of the Company s shares on the OTCQB may result in a less liquid market available
for existing and potential stockholders to trade shares of our common stock, could depress the trading price of our common stock and
could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future. 

When
fewer shares of a security are being traded on the OTCQB, volatility of prices may increase and price movement may outpace the ability
to deliver accurate quote information. Due to lower trading volumes in shares of our common stock, there may be a lower likelihood of
one s orders for shares of our common stock being executed, and current prices may differ significantly from the price one was
quoted at the time of one s order entry. 

Our
common stock is thinly traded, so stockholders may be unable to sell at or near asking prices or at all if you need to sell your shares
to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares. 

Currently,
our common stock is quoted in the Pink Sheets OTCQB market and the trading volume the Company anticipates to develop may be limited by
the fact that many major institutional investment funds, including mutual funds, as well as individual investors follow a policy of not
investing in unlisted stocks and certain major brokerage firms restrict their brokers from recommending unlisted stocks because they
are considered speculative, volatile and thinly traded. The Pink Sheets OTCQB market is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than
the major exchanges, and our common stock is subject to abuses, volatility and shorting. Thus, there is currently no broadly followed
and established trading market for our common stock. An established trading market may never develop or be maintained. Active trading
markets generally result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders. Absence of an active trading
market reduces the liquidity of the shares traded there. 

The
trading volume of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, limited and sporadic. As a result of such trading activity, the
quoted price for our common stock on the OTCQB may not necessarily be a reliable indicator of its fair market value. Further, if we cease
to be quoted, holders would find it more difficult to dispose of our common stock or to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value
of our common stock and as a result, the market value of our common stock likely would decline. 

11 

We
are subject to the penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC that require brokers to provide
extensive disclosure to its customers prior to executing trades in penny stocks. These disclosure requirements may cause a reduction
in the trading activity of our common stock, which in all likelihood would make it difficult for our stockholders to sell their securities. 

Rule
3a51-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, establishes the definition of a penny stock, for purposes relevant
to us, as any equity security that has a minimum bid price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00
per share, subject to a limited number of exceptions which are not available to us. This classification would severely and adversely
affect any market liquidity for our common stock. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the penny stock rules require
that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor
a written agreement to the transaction setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve
a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience
and objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and
that that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in
penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule required by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form, sets forth: 

The
 basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and 

That
 the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commission payable
to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available
to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information
for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

Because
of these regulations, broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or may encounter
difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock, which may affect the ability of selling stockholders or other holders
to sell their shares in any secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in any secondary market. These
additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our common stock, if and when our common stock becomes
publicly traded. In addition, the liquidity for our common stock may decrease, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our common
stock. Our common stock, in all probability, will be subject to such penny stock rules for the foreseeable future and our stockholders
will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their common stock. 

12 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

As
of December 31, 2022, we owned 100 of the Mapletree Industrial Center located in Palmer, Massachusetts. 

The
chart below lists the Company s 100 owned property as of December 31, 2022. 

Gross Amount of Real
 Estate At December 31, 2022 

Property 
 Rentable Space 
 Land ) 
 Buildings, Improvements 
 and equipment ) 
 Total ) 
 Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 
 2022 ) 
 Net Amount of 
 Real 
 Estate At December 31, 
 2022 ) 
 Mortgage 
 Balance at December 31, 
2022 ) 
 Maturity Date 
 Interest Rate 

Mapletree Industrial Center,
 Palmer, MA 
 318,780
 sq. ft. 
 79,100 
 1,547,760 
 1,626,860 
 959,637 
 667,223 
 1,486,191 
 (1) 
 6.031 

(1) Mortgage
 matures August 2025 

Mapletree
Industrial Center Palmer, Massachusetts 

We
own 100 of the Mapletree Industrial Center located in Palmer, Massachusetts. This is a multi-tenant rental facility which was originally
the Wickwire-Spencer Wire Mill until 1970 at which time it became rental space. The property consists of 31 buildings located on approximately
48 acres. Major tenants include Creative Material Technologies office and lab, Consolidated Lumber Transport office, Australian natural
Soapworks, ESSROC Materials (a Portland cement distributor), Michael Houle, JP Mc Carthy Sons and American Cable Assembly. The
property offers traditional office space and industrial/warehouse space along with vacant land with rail access ready for development.
The buildings comprise a total of 420,797 square feet, of which 318,780 is rentable. The property has a carrying value of 1,626,860,
less accumulated depreciation of 959,637, resulting in a net carrying value of 667,223 at December 31, 2022. 

The
 occupancy rate at the property at December 31, 2022 was 98.4 with most tenants being on month to month lease terms. 

Due
to the varied nature of the building types on this property, it is occupied by office tenants as well as storage, warehouse and distribution
operations. The average effective annual rent per square foot at the property is 2.97 and varies based on the type and location of the
space within the property. 

13 

Avalon
Jubilee LLC-Los Lunas, New Mexico 

We own a 31.3333 non-controlling joint venture
partnership interest in Avalon Jubilee LLC located in Los Lunas, New Mexico valued at 0. 

In
the opinion of management, all our wholly owned real estate properties are adequately covered by insurance in accordance with normal
insurance practices. All wholly owned real estate owned by us is owned in fee simple interest with title insurance. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

The
Company may be involved in legal proceedings and litigation in the ordinary course of business. Management is not currently aware of
any such matters. In the ordinary course of business, we may be subject to litigation from time to time. Except as discussed below, there
is no current, pending or, to our knowledge, threatened litigation or administrative action to which we are a party or of which our property
is the subject (including litigation or actions involving our officers, directors, affiliates, or other key personnel, or holders of
record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, or any associate of such party) which in our opinion has,
or is expected to have, a material adverse effect upon our business, prospects, financial condition or operations. 

There
is pending in the Supreme Court of the state of New York county of New York (Index No. 656191/2017) an action entitled MLF3 NWJ LLC filed
in October of 2017, suing Nickolas W. Jekogian, III, Presidential Realty Corporation, Presidential Realty Operating Partnership LP, First
Capital Real Estate Trust Incorporated, First Capital Real Estate Operating Partnership, Nickolas W. Jekogian, JR. as trustee of The
BBJ Family Irrevocable Trust, Alexander Ludwig, Signature Group Advisors LLC, Richard Brandt, Marjorie Feder as Executrix of the Estate
of Robert Feder, Jeffrey F. Joseph, Jeffrey Rogers. 

The
litigation is related to actions taken by Mr. Jekogian individually on a real estate project and personal guarantee that predated his
involvement with the Company. The Plaintiff had received a judgment against Mr. Jekogian for approximately 1,500,000, in addition
to attorneys fees, and had filed a lien on assets owned individually by Mr. Jekogian including certain options and warrants to
purchase stock in the Company. When the Company entered into the Contribution Agreement with FC REIT in January of 2017,
Mr. Jekogian surrendered these options and warrants to purchase stock in the Company as part of the transaction. The
Plaintiff is arguing that they had a lien on Mr. Jekogian s options and warrants in the Company and that the actions taken by the
Company, its Officers and Directors, in entering into the Contribution Agreement with FC REIT fraudulently conveyed their interests in
the options and warrants owned by Mr. Jekogian and damaged their position. The Company, its Officers and Directors,
named in this action had no involvement in this personal matter relating to Mr. Jekogian and answered the complaint in February of 2018
stating that it had no merit. Since that time, the Company has received no additional notification that the action against
the Company, its Officers and Directors is moving forward. The Company believes that as to the Company, Officers and Directors,
the claims have no merit. 

ITEM
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

14 

PART
II. 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a)
The principal market for our Class A common stock (ticker symbol PDNLA) and our Class B common stock (ticker symbol PDNLB) is the
Pink Sheets OTCQB market. 

The
range of high low bid information for the Class A and Class B common stock for the last two calendar years are set forth below: 

Class A 
 Class B 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Calendar 2022 

First Quarter 
 .25 
 .16 
 .04 
 .02 
 
 Second Quarter 
 .20 
 .20 
 .03 
 .01 
 
 Third Quarter 
 .20 
 .20 
 .02 
 .01 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 .20 
 .20 
 .01 
 .01 

Calendar 2021 

First Quarter 
 .20 
 .09 
 .05 
 .02 
 
 Second Quarter 
 .64 
 .10 
 .10 
 .01 
 
 Third Quarter 
 .60 
 .02 
 .05 
 .00 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 1.10 
 .10 
 .50 
 .00 

(b)
The number of aggregate record holders for the Company s Class A and Class B Common Stock at March 17, 2023 was 321
holders. 

(C)
Under the Code, a REIT which meets certain requirements is not subject to Federal income tax on that portion of its taxable income
which is distributed to its shareholders, if at least 90 of its real estate investment trust taxable income 
(exclusive of capital gains) is so distributed. In 2022 and 2021, the Company did not pay any dividends. Management does not believe
that any dividend will be payable in respect to 2023. We cannot promise that we will continue to be taxed as a REIT, or that we will
have sufficient cash to pay dividends in order to maintain REIT status . See Item 1. - Business (e) Qualification as a
REIT above. 

ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

None. 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 

We
own 100 of the Mapletree Industrial Center located in Palmer, Massachusetts. This is a multi-tenant rental facility which was originally
the Wickwire-Spencer Wire Mill until 1970 at which time it became rental space. The property consists of 31 buildings located on approximately
48 acres.Major tenants include Creative Material Technologies office and lab, Consolidated Lumber Transport office, Australian natural
Soapworks, ESSROC Materials (a Portland cement distributor), Michael Houle, JP Mc Carthy Sons and American Cable Assembly. The
property offers traditional office space and industrial/warehouse space along with vacant land with rail access ready for development.
The buildings comprise a total of 420,797 square feet, of which 318,780 is rentable. 

We
own a 31.3333 non-controlling joint venture partnership interest in Avalon Jubilee LLC located in Los Lunas, New Mexico. The Avalon
Property consists of 19 finished single-family subdivision lots and approximately 21.42 acres of subsequent phases of undeveloped land
in Los Lunas, New Mexico 

15 

We
outsource the property management of the Mapletree Industrial Center to Signature Community Management LLC Signature and our asset management to Signature Community Investment Group LLC SCIG ), companies owned by our CEO. We accrued a property
management fee of 47,122 and an asset management fee of 14,207 during 2022. 

We
obtain funds for working capital and investment from our available cash, operating activities, and refinancing of mortgage loans on our
real estate. 

On
July 28, 2015, Palmer-Mapletree LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into a Loan Agreement (the Loan Agreement with Natixis Real Estate Capital LLC providing for a mortgage loan in the principal amount of 1,750,000 (the Loan at
an interest rate of 6.031 . 934,794 of the loan proceeds were used to repay the prior mortgage loan and line of credit on the Mapletree
Property. 123,757 of the Loan proceeds was set aside for capital improvements and reserves for the property. We received net proceeds
of 585,125. The Loan matures on August 5, 2025 and requires monthly payments of 11,308. The outstanding balance of the loan and unamortized
mortgage costs at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1,486,191 and 40,313, respectively and 1,529,570 and 56,045, respectively. The Company
is required to maintain certain Financial Covenants. The Company was compliance with the covenants at December 31, 2022. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

In
preparing the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the financial statements and disclosures.
These estimates require difficult, complex and subjective judgments. Management has discussed with the Audit Committee the implementation
of the critical accounting policies described below and the estimates required with respect to such policies. 

Basis
of presentation 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had a loss from operations. This combined with a history of operating losses and working capital deficiency,
has been detrimental to our operations and could potentially affect our ability to meet our obligations and continue as a going concern.
Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the successful execution of strategies to achieve profitability and increase
working capital by raising debt and/or equity. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from
this uncertainty. 

Real
Estate 

Real
estate is carried at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Additions and improvements are capitalized whereas repairs and maintenance
are charged to rental property operating expenses as incurred. Depreciation is generally provided on the straight-line method over the
estimated useful life of the asset. The useful life of each property, as well as the allocation of the costs associated with a property
to its various components, requires estimates by management. If management incorrectly estimates the allocation of those costs or incorrectly
estimates the useful lives of its real estate, depreciation expense may be miscalculated. 

The
Company reviews its properties for impairment if events or changes in circumstances warrant. If impairment were to occur, the
property would be written down to its estimated fair value. The Company assesses the recoverability of its investment in real estate
based on undiscounted cash flow estimates. The future estimated cash flows of a property are based on current rental revenues and
operating expenses, as well as the current local economic climate affecting the property. Considerable judgment is required in
making these estimates and changes in these estimates could cause the estimated cash flows to change and impairment could occur. As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s net real estate was carried at 667,223. 

16 

Rental
Revenue Recognition 

Rental
revenues include revenues from the leasing of space at our Mapletree property, which primarily consist of monthly base rents in addition
to the reimbursement of utilities. Other rental revenues, which are included as a component of rental revenue, primarily include fees
related to build-out or other services performed by the Company on the property. 

The
Company adopted ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606) effective January 1, 2018, and its adoption did not have
a material effect on the consolidated financial statements, as the majority of the Company s revenue is recognized under ASC 840,
 Leases, and subsequently ASC 842, Leases, upon its adoption, which are scoped out of ASC 606. ASC 606 establishes a single
comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contract with customers and supersedes most of the existing
revenue recognition guidance. This standard requires us to recognize for certain of our revenue sources the transfer of promised goods
or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we are entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The
Company s other rental revenues recognized in accordance with ASC 606 are recognized over time as the performance obligations are
satisfied. Such revenues are not material to the consolidated financial statements. 

Revenues
from the leasing of space at our property to tenants includes (i) lease components, including fixed and variable lease payments, and
nonlease components which include reimbursement of electric expense and (ii) reimbursement of real estate taxes. As lessor, we have elected
to combine the lease and nonlease components of our operating lease agreements and account for the components as a single lease component
in accordance with ASC 842. 

Revenues
derived from fixed lease payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over the non-cancelable period of the lease, together with
renewal options that are reasonably certain of being exercised. We commence rental revenue recognition when the underlying asset is available
for use by the lessee. Revenue derived from the reimbursement of real estate taxes and electric expense are generally recognized in the
same period as the related expenses are incurred, which did not change as a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 

The
Company assess the collectability of lease receivables (including future minimum rental payments) both at commencement and throughout
the lease term. If our assessment of collectability changes during the lease term, any difference between the revenue that would have
been received under the straight-line method and the lease payments that have been collected will be recognized as a current period adjustment
to rental revenue. Rental revenue associated with leases where collectability has been deemed less than probable is recognized on a cash
basis in accordance with ASC 842. 

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts 

The
Company assesses the collectability of amounts due from tenants and other receivables, using indicators such as past-due accounts, the
nature and age of the receivable, the payment history and the ability of the tenant or debtor to meet its payment obligations. Management s
estimate of allowances for doubtful accounts is subject to revision as these factors change. Any subsequent recovery of tenant receivable
that were previously reserved is recorded as a reduction in the allowance of bad debt. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allowance
relating to tenant receivables was 3,500 and 6,235, respectively. 

Investments
in Joint Venture 

The
Company has an equity investment in joint venture and accounts for this investment using the fair value method of accounting. 

17 

Income
Taxes 

We
operate in a manner intended to enable us to continue to qualify as a Real Estate Investment Trust under Sections 856 to 860 of the Code.
Under those sections, a REIT which meets certain requirements is not subject to Federal income tax on that portion of its taxable income
which is distributed to its shareholders, if at least 90 of its REIT taxable income (exclusive of capital gains) is so distributed.
As a result of our ordinary tax loss for 2022 there was no requirement to make a distribution in 2023. In addition, no provision for
income taxes was required at December 31, 2022. If the Company fails to distribute the required amounts of income to its shareholders,
or otherwise fails to meet the REIT requirements, we would fail to qualify as a REIT and substantial adverse tax consequences could result.
We believe that we will not be required to pay a dividend in 2023 to maintain our REIT status. 

Results
of Operations 

Results
of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 were as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Total Revenue 
 1,100,817 
 1,030,141 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 427,377 
 348,184 
 
 Rental property costs 
 800,713 
 771,823 
 
 Other income 
 7,585 
 42,116 
 
 Net (loss) 
 (119,688 
 (47,750 

Revenues
increased by 70,676 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result of higher occupancy
and rent increases at the Mapletree Industrial Center. 

Net
loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 119,688 compared to net loss of 47,750 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increased
loss of 71,938 for the year. The increase was comprised of higher general and administrative expenses of 79,193 caused by increases
in insurance and professional fees, an increase of 28,890 in Rental property costs, and the PPP loan forgiveness of 42,100. This was offset
by increases in rental revenue of 70,676 and 7,574 of distributions from our Avalon property. We incurred additional professional
fees in connection with legal fees in the exploration of strategic growth transactions for the company. 

Balance
Sheet 

December
31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021 

Net
real estate increased by approximately 23,000 as a result of additions and improvements to our Mapletree property of approximately 82,000
offset by depreciation expense of approximately 59,000 in 2022. 

Prepaid
expenses decreased by approximately 11,000 primarily as a result of the timing of payments for insurance costs in connection with the
Mapletree property and corporate directors and officer s insurance. 

Mortgage
escrow increased by approximately 21,000 primarily due to increased escrow requirements for higher property insurance and the timing
of improvements made to the Mapletree property during 2022. 

Accounts
payable and accrued liabilities increased by approximately 140,000 primarily due to higher accrued professional fees related to the
exploration of strategic growth transactions for the company and accrual of our property management fees and asset management fees
to Signature and SCIG. 

18 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
obtain funds for working capital and investment from our available cash and operating activities and refinancing of mortgage loans on
our real estate. 

The
Company had a loss from continuing operations at December 31, 2022. This, combined with a history of operating losses and working capital
deficiency, has been detrimental to our ability to grow the Company. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had 154,331 in available cash, a decrease of approximately 71,000 from December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash
was due to cash provided by operating activities of 75,682, offset by 81,513 used for capital improvements and 43,379 in principal
payments. 

(a) Insurance 

The
Company carries comprehensive liability, fire, extended coverage, auto, workman s compensation, rental loss and acts of terrorism
insurance on its properties. The Company also carries director and officer insurance. Management believes that its properties are adequately
covered by insurance. In 2022, the cost for this insurance was approximately 180,000. 

(b) Operating
Activities 

Cash
from operating activities includes net cash received from rental property operations. Net cash received from rental property operations
was approximately 374,000. Net cash received from rental property operations is before additions and improvements and mortgage amortization. 

(c) Investing
Activities 

During
2022, the Company invested approximately 82,000 in additions and improvements to its property. 

(d) Financing
Activities 

During
2022, the Company made principal payments of 43,379 in connection with the Mapletree property. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a material effect on the financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources of
the Company. 

19 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

While
we are not required as a smaller reporting company to comply with this Item 7A, we are providing the following general discussion of
qualitative market risk. 

Our
financial instruments consist of mortgage notes payable. Substantially all of these instruments bear interest at fixed rates, so our
cash flows from them are not directly impacted by changes in market rates of interest. However, changes in market rates of interest impact
the fair values of these fixed rate assets and liabilities. We do not own any derivative financial instruments or engage in hedging activities. 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See
Table of Contents to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures or controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that the information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in the reports that a company files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and President, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and President, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange
Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our President concluded that as of December 31,
2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at providing reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed
by the Company 

is
recorded, processed and summarized in an accurate matter. 

20 

(b)
Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Management
of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could
 have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on its assessment and those criteria, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control
over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial
reporting. The Company is a smaller reporting company and, as such, management s report is not subject to attestation by our registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permits us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

(c)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) during the first quarter of Fiscal 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
 9c. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 

Not applicable. 

21 

PART III. 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers of the Company 

Name
 of Director (Age) 
 
 Position
 with Company and Principal 
 Occupation 
 
 Director
 Since 
 
 Nickolas
 W. Jekogian III (53) 
 
 Director,
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Owner and Chief Executive Officer of Signature Community Investment Group LLC, Signature Community
 Management LLC 
 
 2011 

Jeffrey
 F. Joseph (81) 
 
 Director,
 Audit Chair 
 
 1993 

Alexander
 Ludwig (52) 
 
 Director,
 President, Chief Operating Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 
 2011 

Nickolas
W. Jekogian, III . Mr. Jekogian, is the founder, owner and President of Signature Community Investment Group LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (together with its affiliates, Signature ). Mr. Jekogian founded Signature in 1991 while in college with
the purchase of an apartment building in Center City Philadelphia. Since that time, Mr. Jekogian has obtained extensive experience in
the real estate industry focusing Signature primarily on multi-family rental properties and at the same time gaining experience in developing
commercial properties for third parties. He has built Signature into an integrated real estate company that has owned and operated over
its history approximately 5,000 apartment units in 17 markets throughout the United States. Mr. Jekogian is a licensed real estate broker
in New York. He has a business Administration degree from Drexel University and a Masters degree in Management from the University of
Pennsylvania. Mr. Jekogian has more than 15 years experience developing commercial projects in the New York and Philadelphia Metropolitan
areas for retailers such as CVS Drugs, Commerce Bank and Blockbuster Video. During the last five years, prior to joining Presidential,
Mr. Jekogian worked exclusively with Signature. Through his extensive experience in the real estate industry, his involvement in strategic
transactions within the industry and educational background, Mr. Jekogian provides important expertise to the Board of Directors. 

Jeffrey
F. Joseph . Mr. Joseph has been employed by Presidential for many years in many capacities. Mr. Joseph initially served as General
Counsel for Presidential and was its President and Chief Executive Officer from 1992 to 2011. Mr. Joseph has served as a director of
Presidential since 1993. As a result of his long experience in the real estate business in general and with Presidential, Mr. Joseph
has a deep understanding of Presidential s business, finances and operational requirements and is a valuable member of our Board. 

Alexander
Ludwig From 2009 to October of 2011 he worked at Urban Real Estate Growth Fund LLC, a real estate development and financing company,
where he oversaw new investments. Prior to joining Urban Real Estate Growth Fund LLC, Mr. Ludwig worked from 2003 to 2008 for ADG Capital
LLC, a real estate development and financing company, where he oversaw multiple real estate development projects. Mr. Ludwig also held
various positions in banking, where he structured debt and corporate finance transactions, most recently as a Vice President at Societe
Generale, where he was employed from 1997 until 2002. Previously he worked for First Union National Bank and First Fidelity Bank from
1993 to 1997 underwriting and structuring loan transactions. Mr. Ludwig holds a BA degree in history from The University of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Ludwig brings substantial leadership skills and knowledge to our board of directors through his experience in the real estate and
financial industries. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any director and any executive officer. 

22 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, during the past ten years, none of our directors, executive officers, promoters, control persons, or nominees has: 

been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

had
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business
 association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years
 prior to that time; 

been
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction
 or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in
 any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be
 associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been
found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been
the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation
of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance
companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty
or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire
fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

23 

Section 16(A) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more
than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 stockholders are required by regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of reports
we received, or written representations that no such reports were required for those persons, we believe that, for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 that all statements of beneficial ownership required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission were filed
on a timely basis. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that
applies to all officers and employees, including its Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer . The Company s Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics is filed as Exhibit 14 to this report. and is available on the SEC s website, www.sec.gov . We will provide any person without charge, upon your written request to the company, a copy of such code. 

Audit Committee 

The sole member of the Audit Committee from January
1, 2022 and through the date of the filing is Jeffrey Joseph. The function of the Audit Committee, which is established in accordance
with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities and Exchange Act, is to oversee the accounting and financial reporting process of the
Company and the audits of the financial statements of the Company. The sole member of the Audit Committee is independent (as defined in
Section 803A(2) of the NYSE Amex Company Guide). The Board of Directors has adopted a written Charter for the Audit Committee. 

The Board of Directors has determined that Jeffrey
Joseph, the sole member of the Audit Committee, is financially sophisticated as defined by Section 803B(2)(a)(iii) of the NYSE Amex
Company Guide. The Board does not believe that it is necessary to have a member of the Audit Committee who meets the definition of a financial
expert pursuant to Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K because the sole member of the Audit Committee satisfies the NYSE Amex requirements
for Audit Committee membership applicable to NYSE Amex listed companies and, as mentioned above, the sole member of the Audit Committee
is a financially sophisticated individual as defined by the NYSE Amex Company Guide. In addition, the sole member of the Audit Committee
has been involved with the company and its operations for many years and is familiar with the business and accounting practices of the
Company. The Charter of the Audit Committee is filed as Exhibit A to the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
held June 15, 2009, filed with the SEC on April 27, 2009, and is available on the SEC s website, www.sec.gov, and Presidential 
s website, www.presrealty.com. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Remuneration of Executive Officers 

The following table and discussion summarize the
compensation for the two years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 of the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial officer/Chief
Operating Officer/President of the Company who served as such during fiscal 2022 and those persons serving in such capacity at December
31, 2022. There were no other executive officers at December 31, 2022. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Salary 
 All Other 
 Compensation (2) 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Nickolas W. Jekogian III (1) 
 2022 
 -0- 
 47,880 
 47,880 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 2021 
 -0- 
 45,399 
 45,399 

Alexander Ludwig President (1) 
 2022 
 -0- 
 16,800 
 16,800 
 
 Chief Operating Officer, Principal Financial Officer and
 Secretary 
 2021 
 -0- 
 15,930 
 15,930 

(1) Elected as an officer effective November 16, 2011. 

(2) All other compensation was entirely comprised of annual health
care coverage for both Mr. Jekogian and Mr. Ludwig for 2022 and 2021. 

24 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 

Name 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options exercisable (#) 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable (#) 
 Equity incentive
 plan awards: Number
 of securities underlying unexercised unearned options
 (#) 
 Option exercise price per share ) 
 Option expiration date 
 Number of shares or
 units of
 stock that have
 not 
 vested (#) 
 Market value of shares
 or units
 of 
 stock that have not vested ) 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Number
 of unearned shares, units
 or other
 rights that
 have not
 vested (#) 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Market
 or payout value
 of unearned shares, units
 or other
 rights that
 have not
 vested ) 
 
 Alexander Ludwig 
 0 
 550,000 
 0 
 .00 
 January 6, 2027 

Employment Agreements and Stock Option Agreements 

Nickolas W. Jekogian III Mr.
Jekogian is employed by the Company as the Chief Executive Officer on a month-to-month basis until such time as otherwise determined by
the Company in its sole discretion. Mr. Jekogian has not received any salary for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021, and we do
not anticipate paying him any salary in 2023. 

Alexander Ludwig - Mr. Ludwig,
is employed by the Company as the President, Chief Operating Officer and Principal Financial Officer. Mr. Ludwig has not received any
salary for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021, and we do not anticipate paying him any salary in 2023. 

Compensation of Directors 

None 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

As of March xx, 2023, there were 442,533 shares
of Class A common stock and 4,746,147 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 

The following tables set forth certain information
regarding our Class A and Class B common stock beneficially owned as of March xx, 2023, for (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial
owner of 5 or more of any class of our outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each named executive officer and director, and (iii)
all executive officers and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially own any shares: (i) over which such person,
directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial
ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options or warrants. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment
power relating to the shares shown in the table for our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or
shared by the owner and the owner s spouse or children. 

For purposes of the table, a person or group of
persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock that such person has the right to acquire within
60 days of March 15, 2023. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock held by each person
or group of persons named above, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 31, 2023 is deemed
to be outstanding, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 
The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 

25 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

The following table sets forth information as
of the date noted in the footnotes about persons, (whose ownership of our common stock is set forth in the previous table), who, to our
knowledge, as of March 30, 2023, beneficially owned more than 5 of any class of our outstanding shares of common stock determined in
accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the directors, and executive officers of Presidential owned beneficially
the following amounts and percentages of the Class A and Class B common stock of Presidential: 

Name of Beneficial
 Owner 
 Class
 A 
 Common Beneficially 
 Owned and Percentage of Class 
 Class
 B 
 Common Beneficially 
 Owned and Percentage of Class 
 Percentage of
 all Outstanding Stock
 (Class A
 and B Combined) 

Number
 of shares 
 
 Number
 of shares 

Nickolas W. Jekogian, Jr.,
 
 Trustee of the BBJ Irrevocable 
 Family Trust 
 312 Lewis Rd 
 Broomall, PA 19008 
 226,013 
 51.1 
 250,000 
 5.0 
 9.2 
 
 Alexander Ludwig,
 Director, President, 
 C/O Presidential Realty Corporation 
 Chief Operating Officer, Principal 
 Financial Officer, 
 1430 Broadway Suite 503 
 New York, NY 10018 

450,000 
 9.4 
 8.7 
 
 Alex B Gray (1) 
 6519 Oxford Avenue. 
 Zionsville, IN 46077 

410,539 
 8.7 
 7.9 
 
 Jeffrey F. Joseph, Director
 
 C/O Presidential Realty Corporation 
 530 Seventh Avenue, Suite 407 
 New York, NY 10018 
 4,344 
 1.0 
 390,720 
 8.2 
 7.6 
 
 The Estate of Richard Brandt,
 Deceased 
 4555 E Mayo Blvd Apt #5308 
 Phoenix, AZ 85050 

291,000 
 6.1 
 5.6 
 
 The Estate of Robert Feder,
 Deceased 
 4 Samuel Purdy Lane 
 Katonah, NY 10536 

286,000 
 6.0 
 5.5 
 
 Jeffrey Rogers 
 12 E. 86th St. Unit 921 
 New York, NY 10028 

242,000 
 5.1 
 4.7 
 
 All officers and directors
 as a group (3 persons) 
 4,344 
 1 
 840,720 
 17.6 
 16.3 

(1) 
 Includes 73,400 shares owned by Mr. Gray s wife for whom he shares voting power and 20,000 shares held in custodial accounts for
his children which he has the right to vote but in which he disclaims any primary interest. 

Except as set forth in the notes to the table,
each of the owners of the shares set forth in the table has the sole voting and dispositive power over such shares except that any such
owner has no voting or dispositive power over shares the beneficial ownership of which is disclaimed. 

The Company s management knows of no other
persons owning beneficially more than 5 of either the outstanding Class A common stock or the outstanding Class B common stock
of the Company. 

BBJ Family Irrevocable Trust owns 226,013
shares of Class A common stock and 250,000 shares of Class B common stock. The trust was formed in September 2009 by Mr. Jekogian for
the benefit of family members including Mr. Jekogian's parents, grandparents, wife, sister, children, nieces and nephews. The trustee
of the trust is Mr. Jekogian s father and Mr. Jekogian remains the protector of the Trust. There is no agreement between the trustee
of the trust and Mr. Jekogian as to how the shares of Class A common stock acquired by the trust will be voted or otherwise dealt with
the ownership restrictions in our certificate of incorporation define ownership under both Subchapter M, Part II of the Code and Rule
13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The BBJ Irrevocable Family Trust has entered into agreements with us pursuant to which,
among other things, they acknowledge that they are not entitled to vote or transfer any excess shares and that if they hold such shares,
they hold them in trust for the Company. 

26 

The following table sets forth certain information
as of December 31, 2022, relating to the Company s equity compensation plans: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be 
 issued upon exercise of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 Weighted average exercise 
 price of outstanding 
 options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available for 
 further issuance under 
 equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 None 
 None 
 1,000,000 Class B Common Shares 

Equity compensation not approved by the security Holders 
 550,000 
 -0- 
 None 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Independent Directors 

The Board has determined that Jeffrey Joseph,
is an independent director pursuant to Section 803A(2) of the NYSE MKT LLC Company Guide. 

Conflicts of Interest and Fiduciary Duties 

Conflicts of interest may arise as a result of
the relationship between Mr. Jekogian, who is Chairman of the Company s board of directors and chief executive officer of the Company,
and Signature, of which Mr. Jekogian is the owner and chief executive officer. Mr. Ludwig, a director, our president, chief operating
officer and principal financial officer, also provides consulting services to and receives compensation from Signature. All of our directors
and officers have fiduciary duties to manage the Company in a manner beneficial to our stockholders. At the same time, Mr. Jekogian and
Mr. Ludwig may also owe fiduciary duties to Signature. The independent director of the Board has reviewed, and will continue to review,
all transactions between the Company and Signature and the activities of Mr. Jekogian and Mr. Ludwig. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

The Company s Articles of Incorporation
provide that no director, officer of or employee to the corporation past, present or future, shall be personally liable to the corporation
or any of its shareholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer; provided, however, that the liability of
a director for acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law and for the payment of dividends
is not so eliminated. The corporation shall advance or reimburse reasonable expenses incurred by an affected officer, director or
employee without regard to the above limitations, or any other limitation which may hereafter be enacted to the extent such limitation
may be disregarded if authorized by the Articles of Incorporation. 

27 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

The following table presents fees billed for professional
services rendered by Baker Tilly US LLP Baker Tilly for the audit of the Company s financial statements for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and fees for other services rendered by Baker Tilly during the year. 

2022 
 
 Audit Fees (a) 
 50,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 30,000 
 
 Taxes 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 
 Total 
 80,000 

(a) 
 Fees for audit services consisted of the audit of the Company s annual consolidated financial statements and review of the Company s quarterly financial statements. 

Policy on Pre-Approval of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

The Audit Committee is responsible for appointing,
setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has established
a policy regarding pre-approval of all audit and non-audit services provided by our Company s independent registered public accounting
firm. 

On an on-going basis, management communicates
specific projects and categories of service for which the advance approval of the Audit Committee is requested. The Audit Committee reviews
these requests and advises management if the Audit Committee approves the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm.
The Audit Committee may also delegate the ability to pre-approve audit and permitted non-audit services to one or more of its members,
provided that any pre-approvals are reported to the Audit Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. 

28 

PART IV. 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

SUBJECT TO FUTHER REVIEW FOR INCLUSION 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Post-effective Amendment No. 1 to the
Company s Registration Statement on Form S-14, Registration No. 2-83073). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3 to the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1987, Commission File No. 1-8594). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed July 21, 1988 with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 1988, Commission File No. 1-8594). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed on September 12, 1989 with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 1989, Commission File No. 1-8594). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed on August 15, 2012 with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting to Shareholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 3, 2012, Commission File No. 1-8594). 

3.6 
 
 By-laws of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to Post-effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration
Statement on Form S-14, Registration No. 2-83073). 

4.1 
 
 2012 Equity Incentive Plan and Forms of Award Agreements (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit B to the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting to Shareholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 3, 2012, Commission File No. 1-8594). 

10.1 
 
 Property Management Agreement, dated November 8, 2011, between Presidential Realty Corp. and Signature Community Investment Group LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed on November 9, 2011, Commission File No. 1-8594) 

10.2 
 
 Asset Management Agreement, dated November 8, 2011, between Presidential Realty Corp. and Signature Community Investment Group LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed on November 9, 2011, Commission File No. 1-8594). 

10.3 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated November 8, 2011, between Presidential Realty Corp. and Nickolas W. Jekogian, III (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed on November 9, 2011, Commission File No. 1-8594). 

10.4 
 
 Warrant issued January 8, 2014 to Nickolas W. Jekogian to purchase 1,700,000 shares of Class B Common Stock. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed on January 15, 2014, Commission File No. 1-8594). 

10.5 
 
 Amendment dated January 8, 2014 to the Employment Agreement dated November 8, 2011 between the Company and Nickolas W. Jekogian (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed on January 15, 2014, Commission File No. 1-8594). 

10.6 
 
 Option Agreement, dated November 8, 2011, between Presidential Realty Corp. and Nickolas W. Jekogian, III (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed on November 9, 2011, Commission File No. 1-8594). 

29 

10.7 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated November 8, 2011, between the Company and Alexander Ludwig (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed on November 9, 2011, Commission File No. 1-8594). 

10.8 
 
 Amendment dated January 8, 2014 to the Employment Agreement dated November 8, 2011 between the Company and Alexander Ludwig (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed on January 15, 2014, Commission File No. 1-8594). 

10.9 
 
 Option Agreement, dated November 8, 2011, between the Company and Alexander Ludwig (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K as filed on November 9, 2011, Commission File No. 1-8594) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Presidential Realty Corp. and each officer and director (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed on November 9, 2011, Commission File No. 1-8594). 

10.11 
 
 Loan Agreement dated as of July 28, 2015 between Palmer-Mapletree LLC and Natixis Real Estate Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed on August 3, 2015, commission file No. 1-8594). 

10.12 
 
 Promissory Note dated as of July 28, 2015, by Palmer-Mapletree LLC in favor of Natixis Real Estate Capital LLC incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed on August 3, 2015, commission file No. 1-8594). 

10.13 
 
 Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents and Security Agreement dated as of July 28, 2015, by Palmer-Mapletree LLC to Natixis Real Estate Capital LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed on August 3, 2015, commission file No. 1-8594). 

10.14 
 
 Guaranty of Recourse Obligations dated as of July 28, 2015, by Presidential Realty Corporation in favor of Natixis Real Estate Capital LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed on August 3, 2015, commission file No. 1-8594). 

14. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company's 10-K as filed April 12, 2016, commission file No 001-08594) 

21. 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Registrant. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

30 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on the 31 st day of March, 2023 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Nickolas W. Jekogian III 

Nickolas W. Jekogian III 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 of the Board 

By: 
 /s/ Alexander Ludwig 

Alexander Ludwig 

President, Chief Operating Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature and Title 
 
 Date 

By 
 /s/ NICKOLAS W. JEKOGIAN III 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Nickolas W. Jekogian III 

Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ JEFFREY F. JOSEPH 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Jeffrey F. Joseph 

Director 

By: 
 /s/ ALEXANDER LUDWIG 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Alexander Ludwig 
 Director, President, Chief Operating Officer and Principal
 Financial Officer 

31 

PRESIDENTIAL
REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID 23 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Baker Tilly US, LLP 
 8219 Leesburg Pike, Ste 800 
 Tysons, VA 22182-2625 
 
 T: +1 (703) 923 8300 
 F: +1 (703) 923 8330 
 
 bakertilly.com 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the shareholders and the board of
directors of Presidential Realty Corporation 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial
Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Presidential Realty Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of
operations, stockholders' deficit, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of
the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on
our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising
from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a
separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Investment in Partnership (Refer to Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated
financial statements) 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company has an equity investment in a joint venture and accounts for this investment using the fair value method of accounting.
As a result, the unrealized gain or loss measured on an annual basis is based on the change in fair value of the equity investment and
is recognized as a component of net income within the consolidated statements of operations. Fair value is determined based on estimated
cash flow projections that utilize discount and capitalization rates and available market information. The Company s discounted
cash flows require management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to future lot sales prices, estimated lot take downs,
capitalization rates, and discount rates. Due to the significant estimates and assumptions management is required to make, we identified
the fair value option of accounting for this investment as a critical audit matter. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness
of these estimates and assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical
audit matter included: 

We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design and implementation of controls over the investment valuation process. This included
management's review over the assessment of the methodology, significant inputs and assumptions included in the fair value estimate, as
well as management s review around the completeness, accuracy and reasonableness of the data used in this estimate. 

Our audit procedures assessed whether the valuation methodology used was appropriate and tested the mathematical accuracy of the valuation
model. 

We evaluated whether the assumptions used were reasonable by considering the past performance and third-party market data, and whether
such assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 

March 31, 2023 

PCAOB ID: 

F- 3 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Real estate 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Net real estate 

Investment in Avalon Jubilee, LLC 
 -
 
 -

Prepaid expenses 

Other receivables (net of valuation allowance of in 2022 and in 2021) 

Cash 

Mortgage escrow 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Deficit 

Liabilities: 

Mortgage payable, net 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Presidential Stockholders Deficit: 

Common stock: par value .00001 per share 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Class A 

Authorized: 
 700,000 
 700,000 

Issued and Outstanding:

Class B 

Authorized: 
 999,300,000 
 999,300,000 

Issued and Outstanding:

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

YEARS ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues: 

Rental 

Total Revenue 

Costs and Expenses: 

General and administrative 

Rental property: 

Operating expenses 

Interest expense and amortization of mortgage costs 

Real estate taxes 

Depreciation on real estate 

Total Costs and Expenses 

Other Income: 

SBA PPP Loan forgivness 
 -

Distribution from Avalon Jubilee, LLC 
 
 -

Investment income 

Total other income 

Net loss 

Net loss per Common Share -basic 

Net loss per Common Share -diluted 

Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding 

basic 

diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Stockholders Deficit 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

Net Loss 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net Loss 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flow from operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt 

Loan forgivness SBA PPP 
 -

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Decrease (increase) in: 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses 

Other assets 

Increase (decreases) in: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total adjustments 

Net cash flow provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Payments disbursed for capital improvements 

Net cash flow (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Principal payments on mortgage debt 

Net cash flow (used in) financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash, Beginning of Year 

Cash and restricted cash, End of Year (1) 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Interest paid in cash 

(1) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to for buildings
and improvements and from to for furniture and equipment. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred
and renewals and replacements are capitalized. The Company reviews each of its property investments for possible impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Impairment of properties is determined to exist
when estimated amounts recoverable through future operations on an undiscounted basis are below the properties carrying value. If a property
is determined to be impaired, it is written down to its estimated fair value. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not identify
any indicators of impairment. 

F- 8 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(Continued) 

and , respectively. 

F- 9 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(Continued) 

, of outstanding stock options, as their inclusion would be antidilutive. 

. 

likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. 

F- 10 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(Continued) 

Buildings 

Furniture and equipment 

Total 

interest in Avalon Jublee, LLC
(the Avalon Property) with an aggregate fair value of - -. The Company has elected the fair value option versus accounting under the
equity method as the fair value better represents the Company s expected realization of this investment. During the year ended December
31, 2022 the Company received a cash tax distribution of . 

F- 11 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

3. Investment in Partnership (continued) 

owned) accounted for by the fair value method is as follows: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Other liabilities 

Loans from partners 

Partners capital 

Total liabilities and capital 

Condensed statement of operations 

Gross receipts 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Other expenses 

Net income loss) 

Net Income (loss) attributed to Presidential Realty Corporation 

F- 12 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(the Loan at an interest rate of . of the loan
proceeds were used to repay the prior mortgage loan and line of credit on the Mapletree Property. of the Loan proceeds was set
aside for capital improvements and reserves for the property. We received net proceeds of . The Loan matures on August 5, 2025
and requires monthly principal and interest payments of and escrows for insurance, taxes and capital improvements. Escrow balances
are considered restricted cash. The mortgage is presented net of unamortized Mortgage costs, the outstanding balance of the loan and loan
costs were as follows: 

December 31, 2021 

2024 

2025 

of its real estate investment trust taxable
income to its shareholders each year by the end of the following year and which meets certain other conditions will not be taxed on any
of its taxable income as long as they distribute the required amounts to its shareholders. 

. 

and , respectively and . per share) and . per share), respectively,
which was all ordinary income, before utilization of net operating loss carry forwards, which was all ordinary income. 

F- 13 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of monthly rental income actually received from tenants at the Mapletree Property. The Property
Management Agreement renewed for a one-year term on November 8, 2022 and will automatically renew for one-year terms until it is terminated
by either party upon written notice. The Company incurred management fees of and , for the year ended December 31, 2022,
and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively and is recorded in
accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

of the monthly gross
rental revenues collected for the Mapletree Property. The Company incurred asset management
fees of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively, and is recorded in accounts payable and
accrued expenses. 

F- 14 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

6. Commitments, Contingencies, Concentrations and Related
parties (continued) 

of any class of our voting
securities, or any associate of such party) which in our opinion has, or is expected to have, a material adverse effect upon our business,
prospects, financial condition or operations. 

, in addition to attorneys fees, and had filed a lien
on assets owned individually by Mr. Jekogian including certain options and warrants to purchase stock in the Company. When
the Company entered into the Contribution Agreement with FC REIT in January of 2017, Mr. Jekogian surrendered these options and warrants
to purchase stock in the Company as part of the transaction. The Plaintiff is arguing that they had a lien on Mr. Jekogian s
options and warrants in the Company and that the actions taken by the Company, its Officers and Directors, in entering into the Contribution
Agreement with FC REIT fraudulently conveyed their interests in the options and warrants owned by Mr. Jekogian and damaged their position. 
 The Company, its Officers and Directors, named in this action had no involvement in this personal matter relating to Mr. Jekogian
and answered the complaint in February of 2018 stating that it had no merit. Since that time, the Company has received no
additional notification that the action against the Company, its Officers and Directors is moving forward. The Company believes
that as to the Company, Officers and Directors, the claims have no merit. 

customers accounted for approximately , , , and of
the Company s accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. 

customers accounted for approximately and of the Company s
accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021. 

F- 15 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of Class B common stock for distribution to executive officers (including executive
officers who are also directors), employees, directors, independent agents, consultants and attorneys in accordance with the 2012 Plan s
terms. The 2012 Plan provides for the grant of any or all of the following types of awards (collectively, Awards ): (a) stock
options and (b) restricted stock. Awards may be granted singly, in combination, or in tandem, as determined by the Compensation Committee.
The maximum number of shares of Class B common stock with respect to which incentive stock options may be granted to any one individual
in any calendar year shall not exceed in fair market value as determined at the time of grant. If any outstanding Award is canceled,
forfeited, delivered to us as payment for the exercise price or surrendered to us for tax withholding purposes, shares of Class B common
stock allocable to such Award may again be available for Awards under the 2012 Incentive Plan. 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited and expired 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

F- 16 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

9. Fair Value Measurements (Continued) 

to 
 to 

- 
 - - 
 
 Net unrealized gain(loss) on held investment 
 - - 
 - - 
 
 Purchase /additional funding 
 - - 
 - - 
 
 Ending balance 
 - - 
 - - 

F- 17 

PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

9. Fair Value Measurements (Continued) 

estimated fair value of the Company s mortgage payable is less than the carrying value (before
unamortized deferred financing costs of ), assuming a blended market interest rate of based on the year
remaining term to maturity of the mortgage 

estimated
fair value of the Company s mortgage payable is greater than the carrying value (before unamortized deferred financing
costs of ), assuming a blended market interest rate of based on the year remaining term to maturity of the
mortgage. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 
 -

Total 

F-18 

<EX-21>
 2
 f10k2022ex21_presidential.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 State of Organization 
 
 Palmer-MapleTree LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_presidential.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.1 

PRESIDENTIAL
REALTY CORP. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OR 15D-14 OF 

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Nickolas W. Jekogian III certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Presidential Realty Corp.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and; 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Nickolas W. Jekogian III 

Nickolas
 W. Jekogian III 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_presidential.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.2 

PRESIDENTIAL
REALTY CORP. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OR 15D-14 OF 

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Alexander Ludwig, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Presidential Realty Corp.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and; 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Alexander Ludwig 

Alexander
 Ludwig 

President,
 Chief Operating Officer and 
Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_presidential.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1 

PRESIDENTIAL
REALTY CORP. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Presidential Realty Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Nickolas Jekogian, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

/s/
 Nickolas W. Jekogian III 

Nickolas
 W. Jekogian III 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date: March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_presidential.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.2 

PRESIDENTIAL
REALTY CORP. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Presidential Realty Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Alexander Ludwig, President, Chief Operating Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of
my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

/s/
 Alexander Ludwig 

Alexander
 Ludwig 

President,
Chief Operating Officer and 
Principal Financial Officer 

Date: March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pdnla-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pdnla-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pdnla-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pdnla-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pdnla-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

