<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1901297_0001493152-23-010078.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6732867</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>155632</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2844153</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1585669</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>921493</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1101260</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010078.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331132617
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010078
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Harmony Energy Technologies Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001901297
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				832756695
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56380
		FILM NUMBER:		23786217

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		165 BROADWAY, FL 23
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 602 1188

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		165 BROADWAY, FL 23
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10006

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010078.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______________to___________________ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 5(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation ST 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company and an emerging growth company . See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated
filer smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes 

The
registrant was t a publicly listed company as of December 31, 2022, the last business day of its most recently completed fiscal
year, and therefore, cannot calculate the aggregate market value of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates
as of such date. 

As
of March 31, 2023, the number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding was . 

Documents
incorporated by reference: 

Harmony
Energy Technologies Corporation 

 Table
of Contents 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Description of Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Description of Property 
 15 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 16 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 16 
 
 Item
 7a. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 21 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 22 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 23 
 
 Item
 9a. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 23 
 
 Item
 9b. 
 Other Information 
 23 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 24 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 26 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 27 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transaction, and Director Independence 
 28 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 28 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 29 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 29 

2 

PART
I 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act ), that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are contained
principally in Part I, Item 1. Business, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and Part II, Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, but are also contained elsewhere in this Annual Report
in some cases you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , is expected to , anticipates ,
 estimates , intends , plans , projection , could , vision ,
 goals , objective and outlook and similar expressions. These statements are not historical
facts and may be forward-looking and may involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties which could cause actual results or outcomes
to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond
our control. 

You
should refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors section of this Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that may cause
our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. As a result of these factors,
we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report will prove to be accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking
statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking
statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our
objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements.
Unless the context requires otherwise, references to Harmony, we, us, our, and
 Company, refer to Harmony Energy Technologies Corporation and its subsidiaries. 

Our
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that may
cause our actual future results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied in this
Annual Report. Reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance. 

Because
some of these risks and uncertainties cannot be predicted or quantified and some are beyond our control, you should not rely on our forward-looking
statements as predictions of future events. More information about potential risks and uncertainties that could affect our business and
financial results is included in the section of this Annual Report titled Risk Factors and our other filings with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), which are available on the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . Moreover,
we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment; new risks and uncertainties may emerge from time to time and it is
not possible for us to predict all risks nor identify all uncertainties. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking
statements might not be achieved and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Except
as otherwise noted, all forward-looking statements are made as of the date we file this Annual Report, and are based on information and
estimates available to us at this time. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we cannot guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. Except as required by law, Harmony assumes no obligation to update
any of the statements in this Annual Report whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances, or otherwise.
You should read this Annual Report with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, events, and circumstances might
be materially different from what we expect. 

3 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Harmony
Energy Technologies Corporation is a startup engaged in designing, developing and marketing the energy storage products (battery systems)
in the US market. The Company s fiscal year is December 31. On June 19, 2018, Harmony was incorporated in the State of Delaware,
USA. Shenzhen Smarten Technology Co., Ltd., Smarten and H-Z Merger Sub, Inc. are the wholly owned subsidiaries of the
Company. Smarten manages supply chain and performs quality assurance. Our products are manufactured by outsourcing partners that are
located in China. H-Z Merger Sub, Inc.is a California Corporation, consistent with California General Corporation Law, which engages
in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of California other than the
banking business, the trust company business or the practice of a profession permitted to be incorporated by the California Corporations
Code. 

On
December 27, 2021, the Company filed Registration Statement on Form 10-12G. On February 10, 2022, June 8, 2022 and August 8, 2022, the
Company filed Amendment No. 1, No. 2 and No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form 10-12G/A. The Securities and Exchange Commission
of United States has completed the review of Form 10-12G on August 22, 2022. 

Our
Product 

The
Power Station PS is a small lithium-ion based battery system which is designed for personal and/or residential emergency
applications during power outages. The PS provides both AC and DC power for short-term use. The PS can be recharged from grid and solar
power. The Company has received the necessary certifications including FCC, RoHS to sell the product in the United Sates. 

Markets
and Distribution 

The
Company s customers are primarily the consumers. The Company targets to sell its products directly to consumers through its online
stores and its direct sales force. We strive to deliver a pleasant experience to our clients. 

Competition 

The
markets for the Company s products are highly competitive, and are characterized by aggressive price competition and resulting
downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual
improvement in product price and performance characteristics, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, and price
sensitivity on the part of consumers. Many of the Company s competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and
very low cost structures. 

The
Company s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new
products to the marketplace. Principal competitive factors important to the Company include price, product features, relative price and
performance, product quality and reliability, design innovation, marketing and distribution capability, customer service, and our reputation. 

The
Company is a startup, new to the marketplace. Many of our competitors have been in business longer and with greater financial accessibility
than us. 

Supply
Chain 

The
Company s products are manufactured by outsourcing partners that are located in China. 

Smarten
manages supply chain and perform quality assurance. 

Research
and Development 

Because
the industries in which the Company competes are characterized by rapid technological advances, the Company s ability to compete
successfully depends heavily upon its ability to ensure a continual and timely flow of competitive products to the marketplace. 

In
addition to the PS, the Company is in early R D phase for possible new products. The Company will continue to assess its strategies
as R D progresses. 

4 

The
People 

As
a new startup, we believe in the people. The Company strives to build a talented, motivated, and dedicated team. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had 3 full-time equivalent employees. 

Available
Information 

The
Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed
pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the
SEC are available free of charge at www.hetcusa.com when such reports are available on the SEC s website. The Company periodically
provides other information for investors on its website, www.hetcusa.com . This includes press releases and other information about
financial performance, information on environmental, social and corporate governance and details related to the Company s annual
meeting of shareholders. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into
this filing. Further, the Company s references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

The
Company s business, results of operations and financial condition, reputation as well as the price of the Company s stock,
can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described below. When any one or more of
these risks materialize from time to time, the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the
price of the Company s stock, can be materially and adversely affected. 

Because
of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company s results of operations and financial condition, past
financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical
trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. This discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. 

This
section should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. 

General
Risks 

The
Company is a startup with a limited operating history. The Company has not been able to generate any revenue from its operations. The
Company cannot determine when it can generate revenue, or positive cash flow. The Company will require additional funding to be able
to develop the business and to meet ongoing requirements for general operations. 

There
can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds
will be available from external sources, such as debts or equity financing. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability
to generate cash flow from operations, or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or
cease operations and would, therefore, have a material adverse effect on its business. 

These
factors indicate that material uncertainties exist which may cast significant doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern, and as a result, our shareholders could lose their entire investment. 

5 

Risks
Related to COVID-19 

The
Company s business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the price of the Company s stock, have been
adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

COVID-19
has had, and continues to have, a significant impact around the world, prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures
in response. Such measures have included restrictions on travel and business operations, temporary closures of businesses, and quarantine
etc. The COVID-19 pandemic has at times significantly curtailed global economic activity and caused significant volatility and disruption
in global financial markets. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken by many countries in response have adversely affected and could in the future materially adversely
impact the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the price of the Company s stock.
During the course of the pandemic, certain of the Company s suppliers, manufacturing partners and logistical service providers
have experienced disruptions, resulting in supply shortages that affected our business development, and similar disruptions could occur
in the future. 

The
Company continues to monitor the situation and take appropriate actions in accordance with the recommendations and requirements of relevant
authorities. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact the Company s operational and financial performance remains uncertain
and will depend on many factors outside the Company s control, including the timing, extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic,
the emergence of new variants, the development, availability, distribution and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments, the imposition
of protective public safety measures, and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy and demand for consumer products. Additional
future impacts on the Company may include, but are not limited to, material adverse effects on demand for the Company s products,
the Company s supply chain and sales, the Company s ability to execute its strategic plans, and the Company s profitability
and cost structure. 

To
the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock
price, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 

Macroeconomic
and Industry Risks 

The
Company s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions and adverse economic conditions
can materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
Company plans to generate sales revenue in the U.S. market. In addition, the Company s global supply chain and the Company s
manufacturing partners, are located in China. As a result, the Company s operations and performance depend significantly on global
and regional economic conditions. 

Adverse
macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slower growth or recession, new or increased tariffs and other barriers to trade, changes
to fiscal and monetary policy, tighter credit, higher interest rates, high unemployment and currency fluctuations can materially adversely
affect demand for the Company s products and services. In addition, consumer confidence and spending can be adversely affected
in response to financial market volatility, negative financial news, high inflation and interest rate, declines in income or asset values,
changes to fuel and other energy costs, labor and healthcare costs and other economic factors. 

In
addition to an adverse impact on demand for the Company s products, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic
conditions can have a significant impact on the Company s suppliers, manufacturing partners, logistics providers. Potential effects
include financial instability; inability to obtain credit to finance operations and purchases of the Company s products; and insolvency. 

A
downturn in the economic environment can also lead to increased business operation risks for the Company and limitations on the Company s
ability to conduct finance. These and other economic factors can materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

6 

The
Company s business can be impacted by political events, trade and other international disputes, war, terrorism, natural disasters,
public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions. 

Political
events, trade and other international disputes, war, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other
business interruptions can harm or disrupt international commerce and the global economy and could have a material adverse effect on
the Company and its customers, suppliers, manufacturing partners, logistics providers. 

The
Company believes that it benefits from growth in international trade. Trade and other international disputes can result in tariffs, sanctions,
and other measures that restrict international trade and can adversely affect the Company s business. For example, tensions between
the U.S. and China have led to a series of tariffs being imposed by the U.S. on imports from China mainland, as well as other business
restrictions. Tariffs increase the cost of the Company s products and the components and raw materials that go into making them.
These increased costs adversely impact the gross margin that the Company earns on its products. Tariffs can also make the Company s
products more expensive for customers, which could make the Company s products less competitive and reduce consumer demand. Countries
may also adopt other measures, such as controls on imports that could adversely impact the Company s operations and supply chain
and limit the Company s ability to offer its products as designed. These measures can require the Company to take various actions,
including changing suppliers and restructuring business relationships. Changing the Company s operations in accordance with new
or changed trade restrictions can be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to the Company s operations and distracting to management.
Such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice and the Company may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse
impacts from such measures. Political uncertainty surrounding trade and other international disputes could also have a negative effect
on consumer confidence and spending, which could adversely affect the Company s business. 

Many
of the Company s suppliers and manufacturing partners are in locations that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters.
In addition, such operations and facilities are subject to the risk of interruption by fire, power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents
and other industrial accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, ransomware and other cybersecurity attacks, labor disputes,
public health issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and other events beyond the Company s control. Global
climate change is resulting in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. Such events
can make it difficult or impossible for the Company to operate and deliver products to its customers. Following an interruption to its
business, the Company can require substantial recovery time, experience significant expenditures to resume operations, and lose significant
sales. Because the Company relies on single or limited sources for our products, a business interruption affecting such sources would
exacerbate any negative consequences to the Company. 

The
Company s operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its manufacturing partners. While the Company s
partners are required to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur and could result in disruption
to the Company s business. While the Company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of losses, such insurance coverage
may be insufficient to cover all losses that may arise. 

The
market for the Company s products is highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the Company may be unable
to compete effectively. 

The
Company s primary market is the US, which is a highly competitive market characterized by aggressive price competition and resulting
downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry
standards, continual improvement in product price and performance characteristics, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors,
and price sensitivity on the part of consumers. 

The
Company s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new
products to the marketplace. The Company designs and develops its products. As a result, the Company must make significant investments
in R D. There can be no assurance these investments will achieve expected returns, and the Company may not be able to develop and
market new products successfully. If the Company is unable to continue to develop and sell innovative new products with attractive margins,
the Company s ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be adversely affected. 

7 

The
Company is startup and new in the market. The Company faces substantial competition from companies that have significant technical, marketing,
distribution and other resources. In addition, some of the Company s competitors have broader product lines, lower-priced products,
a larger clients base, and a much longer operating history. Certain competitors have the resources, experience, or cost structures to
provide products at little or no profit or even at a loss. 

The
Company s business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on the Company s ability to continually improve
its products to maintain their functional and design advantages. There can be no assurance the Company will be able to continue to provide
products that compete effectively. 

Business
Risks 

To
remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the Company must successfully manage frequent introductions and transitions of products. 

Due
to the highly competitive nature of the industries in which the Company competes, the Company must continually introduce new products
and technologies, enhance existing products and services, effectively stimulate customer demand for new and upgraded products, and successfully
manage the transition to these new and upgraded products. The success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors, including
timely and successful development, market acceptance, the Company s ability to manage the risks associated with production ramp-up
issues, the availability of application software for the Company s products, the effective management of inventory levels in line
with anticipated product demand, the availability of products in appropriate quantities and at expected costs to meet anticipated demand,
and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects or deficiencies. There can be no assurance the Company will successfully
manage future introductions and transitions of products and services. 

The
Company depends on product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing partners, many of which are located outside
of the U.S. 

All
the Company s manufacturing is performed by outsourcing partners located in China. A significant concentration of this manufacturing
is currently performed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often in single locations. The Company has also outsourced much of
its transportation and logistics management. While these arrangements can lower operating costs, they also reduce the Company s
direct control over production and distribution. Such diminished control has from time to time and may in the future have an adverse
effect on the quality or quantity of products manufactured, or adversely affect the Company s flexibility to respond to changing
conditions. Although arrangements with these partners may contain provisions for product defect expense reimbursement, the Company remains
responsible to the consumer for warranty and out-of-warranty service in the event of product defects and experiences an unanticipated
product defect liability from time to time. While the Company relies on its partners to adhere to its supplier code of conduct, violations
of the supplier code of conduct occur from time to time and can materially adversely affect the Company s business, reputation,
results of operations and financial condition. 

The
Company relies on outsourcing partners in China to manufacture the Company s products. Any failure of these partners to perform
can have a negative impact on the Company s cost or finished goods. In addition, manufacturing and logistics or transit to final
destinations can be disrupted for a variety of reasons, including natural and man-made disasters, information technology system failures,
commercial disputes, military actions, economic, business, labor, environmental, public health or political issues, or international
trade disputes. 

The
Company has invested in certain manufacturing process equipment, much of which is held at certain of its outsourcing partners. While
these arrangements help ensure the supply of the products, if these outsourcing partners experience severe financial problems or other
disruptions in their business, such continued supply can be reduced or terminated, and the recoverability of manufacturing process equipment
or prepayments can be negatively impacted or impossible. 

8 

Future
operating results depend upon the Company s ability to obtain products in sufficient quantities on commercially reasonable terms. 

Because
the Company currently obtains the products from limited sources, the Company is subject to significant supply and pricing risks. Many
components, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortages and significant
commodity pricing fluctuations that can materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial
condition. For example, the global semiconductor industry is experiencing high demand and shortages of supply, which has adversely affected,
and could materially adversely affect, the Company s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of products on commercially reasonable
terms or at all. While the Company has entered into agreements for the supply of the products, there can be no assurance the Company
will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar terms, or at all. The manufacturing partners may suffer from poor financial
conditions, which can lead to business failure for the supplier or consolidation within a particular industry, further limiting the Company s
ability to obtain products on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The effects of global or regional economic conditions on the Company s
suppliers, described in The Company s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic
conditions and adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial
condition, above, can also affect the Company s ability to obtain products . Therefore, the Company remains subject
to significant risks of supply shortages and price increases that can materially adversely affect its business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

The
Company s products may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could materially adversely affect
the Company s business and result in harm to the Company s reputation. 

The
Company offers products that can be affected by design and manufacturing defects. Defects can also exist in components and so products.
Component defects could make the Company s products unsafe and create a risk of environmental or property damage and personal injury.
These risks may increase as the Company s products are introduced into specialized applications, including healthcare. There can
be no assurance the Company will be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in the products it offers. Failure to do so can result
in widespread technical and performance issues affecting the Company s products. In addition, the Company can be exposed to product
liability claims, recalls, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory, property, plant and equipment, and/or intangible
assets, and significant warranty and other expenses, including litigation costs and regulatory fines. Quality problems can also adversely
affect the experience for users of the Company s products, and result in harm to the Company s reputation, loss of competitive
advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products, delay in new product introductions and lost sales. 

The
Company is exposed to the risk of write-downs on the value of its inventory and other assets, in addition to purchase commitment cancellation
risk. 

The
Company records a write-down for inventories that have become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand, or for which cost exceeds net realizable
value. The Company also accrues necessary cancellation fee reserves for orders of excess products. The Company reviews long-lived assets,
including capital assets held at its suppliers facilities and inventory prepayments, for impairment whenever events or circumstances
indicate the assets may not be recoverable. If the Company determines that an impairment has occurred, it records a write-down equal
to the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. Although the Company believes its inventory, capital assets,
inventory prepayments and other assets and purchase commitments are currently recoverable, there can be no assurance the Company will
not incur write-downs, fees, impairments and other charges given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product obsolescence in the industries
in which the Company competes. 

The
Company orders its products and builds inventory in advance of product announcements and shipments. Manufacturing purchase obligations
cover the Company s forecasted component and manufacturing requirements, typically for periods up to 180 days. Because the markets
are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and price changes, there is a risk the Company will forecast incorrectly and
order or produce excess or insufficient amounts of products, or not fully utilize firm purchase commitments. 

9 

The
Company relies on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to the Company on commercially reasonable terms
or at all. 

The
Company s products are designed to include intellectual property owned by third parties, which requires licenses from those third
parties. In addition, because of technological changes in the industries in which the Company currently competes or in the future may
compete, current extensive patent coverage and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, the Company s products may unknowingly
infringe existing patents or intellectual property rights of others. From time to time, the Company has been notified that it may be
infringing certain patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties. Based on experience and industry practice, the Company
believes licenses to such third-party intellectual property can generally be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. However, there
can be no assurance the necessary licenses can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Failure to obtain the right to
use third-party intellectual property, or to use such intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms, can preclude the Company
from selling certain products, or otherwise have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

The
Company s success depends largely on the continued service and availability of highly skilled employees, including key personnel. 

Much
of the Company s future success depends on the continued availability and service of key personnel, including its Chief Executive
Officer, executive team, and other highly skilled employees. Experienced personnel in the technology industry are in high demand and
competition for their talents is intense. If the Company is unable to recruit and retain highly skilled employees, it will materially
adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
lack of adequate D O insurance may also make it difficult for the Company to retain and attract talented and skilled directors and
officers. 

In
the future we may be subject to litigation, including potential class action and shareholder derivative actions. Risks associated with
legal liability are difficult to assess and quantify, and their existence and magnitude can remain unknown for significant periods of
time. To date, we have not obtained directors and officers liability D O insurance. Without adequate D O insurance,
the amounts we would pay to indemnify our officers and directors should they be subject to legal action based on their service to the
Company could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Furthermore, the lack of
adequate D O insurance may make it difficult for the Company to retain and attract talented and skilled directors and officers, which
could adversely affect our business. 

Our
key personnel may voluntarily terminate their relationship with us at any time, and competition for qualified personnel is intense. The
process of locating additional personnel with the combination of skills and attributes required to carry out our strategy could be lengthy,
costly, and disruptive. 

If
we lose the services of key personnel or fail to replace the services of key personnel who depart, we could experience a severe negative
effect on our financial results and stock price. The loss of the services of any key personnel, marketing or other personnel or our failure
to attract, integrate, motivate, and retain additional key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
and financial results and stock price. 

Our
officers and directors have limited experience managing a publicly listed company in the United States. 

Our
officers and directors have limited experience managing a publicly listed company in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able
to raise any funds or run our public company successfully. Our executive officers and directors lack of experience of managing
a publicly listed company in the United States could cause you to lose all your investment. 

Investment
in acquisitions and new business strategies could disrupt the Company s ongoing business, present risks not originally contemplated
and adversely affect the Company s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
Company has invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies and acquisitions. Such endeavors may involve significant
risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, greater-than-expected liabilities and expenses,
economic, legal, and regulatory challenges associated with operating in new businesses, regions or countries, inadequate return on capital,
potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets, and significant write-offs. Investment and acquisition transactions are exposed
to additional risks. We cannot assure that the Company is able to fully realize the anticipated benefits of a transaction. These new
ventures are inherently risky and may not be successful. The failure of any significant investment could adversely affect the Company s
business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 

10 

Legal
and Regulatory Compliance Risks 

The
Company is subject to complex and changing laws and regulations, which exposes the Company to potential liabilities, increased costs
and other adverse effects on the Company s business. 

The
Company s operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations on subjects, including privacy, data security and
data localization; consumer protection; advertising, sales, billing and e-commerce; product liability; intellectual property ownership
and infringement; availability of third-party software applications and services; labor and employment; anticorruption; import, export
and trade; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; foreign ownership and investment; tax; and environmental, health
and safety, including electronic waste, recycling, and climate change. 

Compliance
with these laws and regulations is onerous and expensive, increasing the cost of conducting the Company s operations. Changes to
laws and regulations can adversely affect the Company s business by increasing the Company s costs, limiting the Company s
ability to offer a product to customers, requiring changes to the Company s supply chain and business practices or otherwise making
the Company s products less attractive to customers. The Company has implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance
with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance the Company s employees, contractors or agents will not violate
such laws and regulations or the Company s policies and procedures. If the Company is found to have violated laws and regulations,
it could materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. Regulatory changes
and other actions that materially adversely affect the Company s business may be announced with little or no advance notice and
the Company may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. 

Financial
Risks 

The
Company s financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to Chinese
currencies. 

The
Company s primary market is the US market. The Company s products are outsourced to its manufacturing partners located in
China. Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our business, operating and financial results and stock price. 

The
Company is subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation and exposure to additional tax
liabilities. 

The
Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. and China. Due to economic and political conditions, tax laws and tax rates for income taxes
and other non-income taxes in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. The Company s effective tax rates are
affected by changes in the earnings, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the introduction of new taxes,
or changes in tax laws or their interpretation, including in the U.S. and China. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

We
will conduct offerings of our equity securities in the future, in which case your proportionate interest may become diluted. 

We
anticipate continuing to rely on equity sales of our common stocks to fund our business operations. If we issue additional common stock
shares or securities convertible into our common stock, your percentage interest in the Company could become diluted. 

11 

During
the future financing, when our common stocks are issued in return for additional funds, the price per share could be lower than that
paid by our current shareholders. 

The
sale or availability of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely affect their market price. 

Should
we become a publicly listed company, sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these
sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could materially impair our ability to raise capital
through equity offerings in the future. As of this Form 10-K, we have 21,155,079 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. We cannot
predict what effect, if any, market sales of securities held by our significant shareholders or any other shareholder or the availability
of these securities for future sale will have on the market price of our common stock. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends or distributions on our capital stock. And we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends or distributions on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain our future earnings,
if any, to support operations and to finance expansion and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock
in the foreseeable future. 

The
declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors, and will depend upon,
among other things, the results of our operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other
factors as the board of directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and, if dividends are
paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. 

Because
we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, you must rely on a price appreciation of our common stock in return for
your investment. 

We
currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our
business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, you should not rely on an investment
in our common stock as a source for any future dividend income. 

Accordingly,
the return on your investment in our common stock will depend entirely upon any future price appreciation of our common stock. There
is no guarantee that the market price of our common stock will appreciate, or even maintain the price at which you purchased the common
stock. You may not realize a return on your investment in our common stock and you may even lose your entire investment in our common
stock. 

We
may become involved in securities class action litigation that could divert management s attention and harm our business. 

The
stock market in general, and the shares of early-stage companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations.
These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the companies involved. If these fluctuations
occur in the future, the market price of our stocks could fall regardless of our operating performance. In the past, following periods
of volatility in the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought
against that company. If the market price or volume of our stocks suffers extreme fluctuations, then we may become involved in this type
of litigation, which would be expensive and divert management s attention and resources from managing our business. 

In
the event we become a publicly listed company, we may also from time to time make forward-looking statements about future operating results
and provide some financial guidance to the public markets. Projections may not be made timely or set at expected performance levels and
could materially affect the price of our shares. Any failure to meet published forward-looking statements that adversely affect the stock
price could result in losses to investors, stockholder lawsuits or other litigation, sanctions or restrictions issued by the SEC. 

12 

Although
we do not believe that we are currently a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, there can be no assurance
that others, including the SEC or OTC Markets will agree with our assessment. 

OTC
Markets may note our Company as a shell risk and although we do not believe that the Company is a shell company 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, at this time, there can be no assurance that others,
such as the SEC or OTC Markets, will not disagree with our belief that we are not a shell company. If the Company is deemed to be a shell
company our common stock would be subject to a risk arising from restrictions on reliance on Rule 144 by shell companies or former
shell companies and it would have a negative effect on our common stock and our Company as a whole. 

Under
a regulation of the SEC known as Rule 144, a person who beneficially owns restricted securities of an issuer and who is
not an affiliate of that issuer may sell them without registration under the Securities Act provided that certain conditions have been
met. One of these conditions is that such person has held the restricted securities for a prescribed period, which will be 6 months for
the Common Stock. However, Rule 144 is unavailable for the resale of securities issued by an issuer that is a shell company (other than
a business combination related shell company) or, unless certain conditions are met, that has been at any time previously a shell company. 

The
SEC defines a shell company as a company that has (a) no or nominal operations and (b) either (i) no or nominal assets, (ii) assets consisting
solely of cash and cash equivalents; or (iii) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets.
While we believe that we are not a shell company, the SEC and others whose approval is required in order for shares to be sold under
Rule 144 might take a different view. 

Rule
144 is available for the resale of securities of former shell companies if and for as long as the following conditions are met: 

(1) 
 the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company, 

(2) 
 the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, 

(3) 
 the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on
 Form 8-K; and 

(4) 
 at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current comprehensive disclosure with the SEC reflecting its status
 as an entity that is not a shell company known as Form 10 Information. 

Upon
becoming a publicly listed company, our common stock is currently deemed a penny stock, which makes it more difficult for
our investors to sell their shares. 

Upon
becoming a publicly listed company, our common stock may be deemed a penny stock, which would make it more difficult for
our investors to sell their shares. The SEC has adopted rule 3a51-1 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, 
for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price
of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15g-9 requires: 

that
 a broker or dealer approves a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, and 

the
 broker or dealer receives from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the
 penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

obtain
 financial information and investment experience objectives of the person, and 

make
 a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge
 and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: 

sets
 forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination and 

that
 the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

13 

Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

The
Company has elected to avail itself to the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards pursuant
to Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act, and further the JOBS Act will allow us to postpone the date by which we must comply with some of
the laws and regulations intended to protect investors and to reduce the amount of information we provide in our reports filed with the
SEC, which could undermine investor confidence in our Company. 

For
so long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS
Act, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging
growth companies. In particular, as an emerging growth company we: 

are
 not required to obtain an attestation and report from our auditors on our management s assessment of our internal control over
 financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

are
 not required to provide a detailed narrative disclosure discussing our compensation principles, objectives and elements and analyzing
 how those elements fit with our principles and objectives (commonly referred to as compensation discussion and analysis 

are
 not required to obtain a non-binding advisory vote from our stockholders on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements
 (commonly referred to as the say-on-pay, say-on-frequency and say-on-golden-parachute votes); 

are
 exempt from certain executive compensation disclosure provisions requiring a pay-for-performance graph and CEO pay ratio disclosure; 

may
 present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management s Discussion Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A and 

are
 eligible to claim longer phase-in periods for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards under 107 of the
 JOBS Act. 

Under
the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of the above-described reduced reporting requirements and exemptions for up to five years after our
initial sale of common equity pursuant to a registration statement declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), or such earlier time that we no longer meet the definition of an emerging growth company. In this regard,
the JOBS Act provides that we would cease to be an emerging growth company if we have more than 1,070,000,000 in annual
revenues, have more than 700 million in market value of our Common stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more than 1.0 billion in
principal amount of non-convertible debt over a three-year period. We would cease to be an emerging growth company on the last day of
the fiscal year following the date of the fifth anniversary of our first sale of common equity securities under an effective registration
statement or a fiscal year in which we have 1 billion in gross revenues. 

We
intend to take advantage of all of these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions, including the longer phase-in periods for the
adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards under 107 of the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption
of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply
to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public
company effective dates. Therefore, our election to use the phase-in periods may make it difficult to compare our financial statements
to those of non-emerging growth companies and other emerging growth companies that have opted out of the phase-in periods under 107
of the JOBS Act. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, which may increase the risk that
weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. Likewise, so long as we qualify as an emerging
growth company, we may elect not to provide you with certain information, including certain financial information and certain
information regarding compensation of our executive officers, that we would otherwise have been required to provide in filings we make
with the SEC, which may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate our company. We cannot predict if investors
will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. 

14 

Our
Auditor is Canada based, registered with the PCAOB, and is subject to PCAOB Inspections. 

As
of this Form 10-K, the Company has been a reporting issuer in Canada since 2019. Our auditor is a PCAOB registered public accounting
firm, based in Canada, and subjected to PCAOB inspections. According to our auditor, all the auditing work papers are kept in Canada. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS 

There is no unresolved staff comments. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
lease facilities under operating leases with through 2022. The Company is headquartered in New York, New York. 

We
believe our facilities are suitable for their present and intended purposes and are operating at a level consistent with the requirements
of the industry in which we operate. We also believe that our leases are at competitive or market rates and do not anticipate any difficulty
in leasing suitable additional space upon expiration of our current lease terms. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. As
of this Form 10-K, we are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken
together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is neither traded nor quoted at any market. 

Holders
of Our Common Stock 

As
of March 28, 2023, there were 124 stockholders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by
brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to precisely estimate the total number of stockholders represented
by these record holders, but based on input from proxy service providers we believe our common stock is held by more than 500 separate
accounts. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any,
to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. Any future determination regarding the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of
directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions,
capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 

15 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

From
June 19, 2018 through March 28, 2023, the Company issued 21,155,079 our common stock. The transactions did not involve any underwriters,
underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering. We believe the offers, sales, and issuances of the above securities were
exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (or Regulation D or Regulation S promulgated thereunder) because
they did not involve any public offering. 

For
more information, please refer to our Amendment 3 to Registration Statement on Form 10-12G/A filed on August 8, 2022. 

ITEM
6. Reserved 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

The
following management discussion and analysis of the financial position and results of operations MD A should be read
in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes to the financial statements included elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that relate to future events or our future financial
performance. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and other factors include, among others, those listed under Forward-Looking
Statements and Risk Factors and those included elsewhere in this report. 

COMPANY
OVERVIEW 

On
June 19, 2018, Harmony was incorporated in the State of Delaware, USA as a wholly owned subsidiary of Golden Share Resources Corporation Golden Share ). Golden Share is a Canadian publicly traded natural resource company exploring in Ontario, Canada. 

On
January 14, 2019, the Company completed the acquisition of the energy business unit from Golden Share. 

Since
January 1, 2020, the Company obtained the control over Shenzhen Smarten Technology Co., Ltd. Smarten ). 

On
March 22, 2023, the wholly owned subsidiary, H-Z Merger Sub, Inc. was incorporated in the State of California, USA. 

board
of directors and management 

Harmony s
Board of Directors is comprised of two members: Mr. Christian Guilbaud, Mr. Kenneth Charles Grainger, and Mr. Guilbaud as the Chairman. 

The
management team includes Mr. Kenneth Charles Grainger as President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Demin (Fleming) Huang as Chief Financial
Officer, and Mr. Rui Zhu as the General Manager of Smarten. 

Fiscal
Year Highlights 

The
Company has received the confirmation that Securities and Exchange Commission of United States has completed the review of the form 10-12G
on August 22, 2022. 

The
Company finished its products samples, Power Station and Magnetic Wireless Charging Power Bank. We have received all necessary independent
certifications, such as RoHS, FCC, etc. and the product is met the UN38.3 standard and can be transported by sea and land or aircraft
with certain limits. 

16 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s selected financial information as the following. All the data is presented in United
States dollars. 

Financial
Position Analysis 

The
information presented as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 represents the information of Harmony Energy Technologies Corporation. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 
 
 Assets 
 29,337 
 224,341 
 265,881 
 
 Liabilities 
 755,883 
 788,557 
 879,788 
 
 Equity 
 (726,546 
 (564,216 
 (613,907 

Assets 

The
total assets on December 31, 2022 were 29,337 compared to 224,341 on December 31, 2021, a decrease of 195,004. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company decreased cash on hand of 91,433, VAT recoverable of 54,947, prepaid and other assets of 34,494 and
inventory of 13,412. 

Liabilities 

Total
liabilities on December 31, 2022 were 756,883 while 788,557 on December 31, 2021, the decrease of 32,674 were mainly because the Company
increased accounts payable and accrued liability of 40,563, which was offset by the decrease of 73,237 of loan payable and loan from
related parties. In February 2022, one lender waived all the accrued interest of 78,158 (CNY540,000) and lowered the loan payable. 

Equity 

Total
equity on December 31, 2022 was deficit of 726,546 compared to deficit of 564,216 on December 31, 2021, a decrease of 162,330. The
Company raised 47,500 through private placement at 0.10 per unit and issued 540,000 shares and 360,000 shares for share for debt settlement
and stock compensation at 0.10 per share (please refer to note 5 of the financial statements for more details), which was offset by
the increased net loss of 331,617. 

17 

Operating
Results Analysis 

Readers
are invited to take into consideration of the operation results of Harmony for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Three-month periods ended 
 Twelve-month periods ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenue 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,672 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (5,424 
 
 Gross Profit 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,248 

Operating Expenses 

Marketing Expense 
 (31 
 - 
 (7,545 
 - 
 
 Research and development 
 (8,067 
 (81,962 
 (46,823 
 (110,448 
 
 Administrative expenses 
 (25,856 
 (161,408 
 (273,179 
 (624,552 
 
 Financial expenses 
 (87,128 
 (20,156 
 (47,121 
 (108,884 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 (121,082 
 (263,526 
 (374,668 
 (843,884 

Operating Income (Loss) 
 (121,082 
 (263,526 
 (374,668 
 (842,636 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Interest income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 512 
 
 Gain on disposal 
 - 
 73.00 
 - 
 16,832 
 
 Gain on lease termination 
 - 
 (249.00 
 - 
 (249 
 
 Other Income 
 16,731 
 - 
 16,731 
 - 
 
 Foreign exchange loss 
 (8,772 
 (13,565 
 26,320 
 (13,565 
 
 Loss, Net of Income Tax 
 (113,123 
 (277,267 
 (331,617 
 (839,106 

Foreign currency translation differences of foreign operations 
 5,805 
 (2,893 
 31,787 
 (5,003 
 
 Net Loss and Other Comprehensive Loss 
 (107,318 
 (280,160 
 (299,830 
 (844,109 

Basic net income per share 
 (0.005 
 (0.015 
 (0.015 
 (0.060 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 
 21,155,079 
 18,949,209 
 20,239,668 
 14,147,932 

The
above net loss for year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is composed as the following: 

Sales
revenue and gross margin 

The
company has not generated any meaningful sales revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company received 6,672 revenue from
the sample products during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Research
and development 

For
the three-month and twelve-months periods ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred R D expenditures 8,067 and 46,823, respectively,
including the salaries of researchers and materials, while the Company spent 81,962 and 110,448 during the comparable period during
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Administrative
expenses 

Comparing
the two comparable periods of the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company decreased administrative expenses of 351,373, which
major caused from decreased stock based compensation of 269,000, depreciation of 40,808, Salary and benefits expense of 28,844 and
management fee of 18,000, while the Company increase the legal fee of 10,356. The detailed administrative expenses were presented in
the following table. 

Three-month periods ended 
 Twelve-month periods ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Management fees 
 - 
 18,000 
 54,000 
 72,000 
 
 Professional service fees 
 16,376 
 40,679 
 114,697 
 104,341 
 
 Salaries and benefits expenses 
 2,568 
 21,823 
 28,297 
 57,141 
 
 Office rent and related expenses 
 3,373 
 (24,923 
 16,425 
 18,932 
 
 Transfer agent fee 
 2,417 
 2,451 
 14,606 
 14,937 
 
 Regulatory fee 
 990 
 5,755 
 6,846 
 10,831 
 
 Travel, accommodation and meals 
 - 
 - 
 1,746 
 - 
 
 Stock based compensation 
 - 
 66,000 
 36,000 
 305,000 
 
 Depreciation 
 132 
 31,623 
 562 
 41,370 

25,856 
 161,408 
 273,179 
 624,552 

18 

Stock
based compensation 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 2,000,000 share common stock, in lieu of cash consideration at a price of 0.10
per share, for retainer bonus of 200,000 to the CEO, and a director who works as General Manager of Smarten. The Company issued 1,050,000
shares of common stock at 0.10 per share for stock compensation of 105,000 to directors of board, management team and consultants. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 360,000 share common stock, in lieu of cash consideration at a price of 0.10 per
share, for stock compensation to General Manager of Smarten. 

Financial
expenses 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company accrued 46,696 for the 4 unsecured loan agreements with accumulate principal of 529,210.
During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company accrued 108,884 for the 5 unsecured loan agreements with accumulate principal of
 538,859. 

Other
comprehensive income (loss) 

The
other comprehensive income (loss) records the unrealized foreign exchange gain (loss) resulted from translating Smarten s financial
data into US dollars. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 31,787 foreign exchange gain while the Company recorded
 5,003 foreign exchange loss during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cash
Flow Analysis 

December 31, 2022 
 (3 months) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (3 months) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (12 months) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (12 months) 
 
 Operating activities 
 (4,166 
 (100,470 
 (138,933 
 (294,729 
 
 Investing activities 
 - 
 (649 
 - 
 41,745 
 
 Financing activities 
 - 
 233 
 47,500 
 319,935 

Operating
Activities 

During
the three months and twelve months period ended December 31, 2022, the operating activities used cash flows of 4,166 and 138,933, respectively,
compared to 100,470 and 294,729for the comparable periods in 2021. The cash was spent for the general operation activities and R D. 

Investing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received full loan payment as 44,026 and purchased new equipment of 2,281, while the
Company did not have any investing activity during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Financing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received 358,188 cash from private placement at 0.10 per unit, and received new loan
of 23,603, which was offset by the loan payment of 26,750 and lease payment of 35,106, while the Company received 47,500 from private
placement during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

19 

Quarterly
Results Trend (In Thousands of 

The
following table presented the operating results for each of the last eight quarters. Management considers that the information for each
of those quarters was determined in the same way as for our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

2022 
 2021 

Q4 
 Q3 
 Q2 
 Q1 
 Q4 
 Q3 
 Q2 
 Q1 

Revenue 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss and other comprehensive loss 
 (107 
 (100 
 (51 
 (41 
 (278 
 (332 
 (110 
 (122 
 
 Basic and diluted net loss per common share 
 (0.01 
 (0.01 
 - 
 - 
 (0.01 
 (0.02 
 (0.01 
 (0.01 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Sources of Financing 

The
Company has operating losses currently. To date, the Company has been financed primarily through private placements and unsecured loans. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had a cash position of 27,924 and the Company has a deficit working capital of 727,959. The Company
believes it will not have sufficient liquidity to fund its operations and capital needs for the next 12 months and consequently intends
to raise capital to generate cash in sufficient amounts to meet its planned business objectives, while the Company does not have any
commitments. 

Information
on Outstanding Securities 

The
following table sets out the number of common shares and warrants outstanding as of the date hereof: 

Common shares issued and outstanding 
 21,055,079 
 
 Potential issuance of common shares 

Warrants 
 5,056,880 
 
 Stock options 
 - 
 
 Fully diluted shares 
 26,211,959 

Related
Party Transactions 

The
Company has not entered into any other related party transaction except the disclosure in Note 9 of the audited consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Estimates,
Judgments and Assumptions 

The
Company prepares its financial statements in accordance with US GAAP, which require management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the amounts of its assets and liabilities, the information provided with regard to future assets and liabilities as well as the
amounts of revenues and expenses for the relevant periods. Readers are invited to refer to the Note 4 of the financial statements for
the year ended December 31, 2022 for details. 

Future
Changes in Accounting Policies 

At
the date of authorization of these financial statements, certain new standards, amendments and interpretations to existing standards
have been published by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) but are not yet effective and have not been adopted early by the
Company. 

Management
anticipates that all the relevant pronouncements will be adopted in the Company s accounting policies for the first period beginning
after the effective date of the pronouncement. Readers are invited to refer to the financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2022 for a full description of these new standards. 

20 

Going
Concern Assumption 

The
Company s financial statements were prepared according to the US GAAP and under the going concern assumption. They do not reflect
adjustments that should be made to the book value of assets and liabilities, the reported amounts of income and expenses and the classification
of balance sheet postings if the going concern assumption was unfounded. These adjustments could be important. 

Risks
related to financial instruments 

Capital
market conditions and other unforeseeable events may impact the Company s ability to finance and develop its projects. 

The
Company intends to continue the evaluation and development of its energy business subject to the availability of financing on acceptable
terms. The Company intends to finance these activities either through existing financial resources or through additional equity or quasi-equity
financing. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to raise such additional equity. 

All
filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), Additional information on the Company can be found on
EDGAR of the Securities and Exchange Commission www.sec.gov/edgar.shtml ). 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Interest
Rate and Foreign Currency Risk 

Interest
Rate Risk 

The
Company s exposure to changes in interest rates relates primarily to the Company s cash, cash equivalents and outstanding
debts. Due to the size of the Company, we ignore the interest rate fluctuations. 

The
Company is a startup focusing on growth, without any meaningful sales revenue generated. The continue operation will depend on the equity
financing, the increase of market interest rate could damp the interests from the potential investors to the Company. 

Foreign
Currency Risk 

The
Company s products are outsourcing to the manufacturing partners located in Asia. The primary market is the US. Accordingly, changes
in exchange rates, and in particular a weakening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively affect the Company s net sales and gross margins
as expressed in U.S. dollars. 

The
Company is in early stage, we select to ignore the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

21 

ITEM
8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Index
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 

Audited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-3 

Audited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 

Audited Consolidated Statements of Changes In Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Audited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

22 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Directors of Harmony Energy Technologies Corporation 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Harmony Energy Technologies Corporation. (the Company as
of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, cash flows and changes
in stockholders equity (deficit), and for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). 

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Material
Uncertainty Related to Going Concern 

We
draw attention to Note 2 in the consolidated financial statements, which describe the events and conditions that indicate the existence
of material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion
is not modified in respect of this matter. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does
not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters
below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Kreston
GTA LLP | 8953 Woodbine Avenue, Markham, Ontario, Canada, L3R 0J9, T. 905.474.5593 | www.krestongta.com 

 A
member of Kreston International | A global network of independent accounting firms 

F- 1 

Valuation
of units issued for private placement 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

We
identified the valuation of units issued for private placement as a key audit matter due to significant auditor and management judgement
and estimation involved in determining the fair value of common shares purchase warrants, which are based on the Black-Scholes option
pricing model, including management s process for developing the estimates and the assumptions used. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
primary procedures to address this critical audit matter include i) testing the design effectiveness of certain internal controls related
to the Company s process to develop the estimates and the assumptions; ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology used;
and iii) evaluating the reasonableness of the assumptions used by management. We also assessed the competence, capabilities and objectivity
of the Company s personnel involved in preparing the valuation of common share purchase warrants. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

/s/ 

Chartered
Professional Accountants 

 Licensed
Public Accountants 

March
31, 2023 

 Kreston
GTA LLP | 8953 Woodbine Avenue, Markham, Ontario, Canada, L3R 0J9, T. 905.474.5593 | www.krestongta.com 

 A
member of Kreston International | A global network of independent accounting firms 

F- 2 

HARMONY
ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

 AUDITED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 As
of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Note 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

VAT recoverable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 
 - 

Inventory 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 - 

Loan to related party 
 
 - 
 - 

Total Current Assets 

Non-Current Assets: 

Equipment 
 6 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 
 
 - 
 - 

Lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 - 

Loan payable 
 7 

Loan from related parties 
 7,9 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity: 

Share capital 
 5 

Additional paid in capital 
 5 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
 accompanying notes are an integral part of the audited consolidated financial statements. 

Approved
 on behalf of the Board 

Christian
 Guilbaud , Director 
 
 Kenneth
 Charles Grainger , Director 

F- 3 

HARMONY
ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

 AUDITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Note 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 

Year ended 

Note 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 

Revenue 
 
 - 

Cost of goods sold 
 
 - 

Gross Profit 
 
 - 

Operating Expenses 

Marketing Expense 

- 
 - 
 
 Research and development 

Administrative expenses 

Financial expenses 
 7 

Acquisition costs 
 
 - 
 - 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Income (Loss) 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Interest income 
 
 - 

Gain on disposal 
 
 - 

Gain on lease termination 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Other Income 

- 
 - 
 
 Foreign exchange loss 

Loss, Net of Income Tax 

Foreign currency translation differences of foreign operations 

Net Loss and Other Comprehensive Loss 

Basic net income per share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

HARMONY
ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

 AUDITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 As
of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Note 
 Number of Common Share 
 Par Value 
 Additional Paid in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Total 
 
 Balance - January 1, 2021 

Shares issued for private placement 
 5 

- 
 - 

Warrants issued for private placement 
 5 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued for debt settlement 
 9 

- 
 - 

Shares issued to Officers and Consultants as compensation 
 5 

- 
 - 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign currency translation differences of foreign operations 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Balance - January 1, 2022 

Beginning
 balance 

Shares issued for private placement 

- 
 - 

Shares issued for debt settlement 

- 
 - 

Shares issued to Officers and Consultants as compensation 

- 
 - 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign currency translation differences of foreign operations 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

Ending
 balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

HARMONY
ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

 AUDITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Note 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 

Years ended 

Note 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Non-cash items: 

Interest income adjustment 
 7 

Stock based compensation 
 5 

Lease termination 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on disposal 
 
 - 

Depreciation 
 6 

Interest expense 
 7 

Rent expense 
 
 - 
 - 

Acquisition Cost 
 
 - 
 - 

Loss on foreign exchange gain and loss 

- 
 
 Exchange differences on translation from functional to presentation currency 

- 
 - 
 
 Change in non-cash working capital items 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 
 
 - 

Cash Flow from Operating Activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of new equipment 
 
 - 

Repayment received from other party 
 
 - 

Proceeds from acquisition of Smarten, net of cash 
 
 - 
 - 

Cash Flow from Investing Activities 
 
 - 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from private placement 
 5 

Proceeds received from third party loans 
 
 - 

Repayment to third party loan 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from related party loan 
 
 - 
 - 

Repayment to related party loan 
 
 - 
 - 

Lease payment 
 
 - 

Cash Flow from Financing Activities 

Effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuation on cash 
 
 - 

Net change in cash during the period 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

HARMONY
ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
United States Dollars) 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

common shares Harmony Shares to Golden Share,
which was distributed to Golden Share s shareholders on the basis of one Harmony Share for each 10 Golden Share common shares held
as of the close of business on January 3, 2019. 

On
September 1, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of Shenzhen Smarten Technology Co., Ltd. Smarten ). 

(deficit of on December 31, 2021) and working capital deficit of (deficit of 
on December 31, 2021) which will not be sufficient to support the Company s needs for cash during this and the coming year. In
addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant negative impact on the Company s audited consolidated financial statements
as of December 31, 2022, and management expects the pandemic to continue to have a negative impact in the foreseeable future, the extent
of which is uncertain and largely subject to whether the severity of the pandemic worsens, or duration lengthens. In the event that the
COVID-19 pandemic and the economic disruptions it has caused continue for an extended period of time the Company cannot assure that it
will remain in compliance with the financial covenants in its credit facilities. The Company will require additional funding to be able
to develop the business and to meet ongoing requirements for general operations. These factors indicate that material uncertainties exist
which may cast significant doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to raise additional fund to further develop the
energy business and continued support of suppliers and creditors. Even if the Company has been successful in the past in doing so, there
is no assurance that it will manage to obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
carrying amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses presented in the financial statements and the classification used in the statement
of financial position have not been adjusted as would be required if the going concern assumption was not appropriate. Those adjustments
could be material. 

At
the commencement date of the lease, the Company recognizes a lease liability measured at the present value of lease payments to be made
over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Company s
incremental borrowing rate. 

Currently,
the Company only have the leases with terms of 12 months or less, the Company elects to not recognize lease assets and liabilities, instead
recognize lease expense on a straight-line basis, generally, over the term of the lease. 

years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 years 

When
assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the consolidated balance sheets,
and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. 

impairment of long-lived assets. 

likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test,
no tax benefit is recorded. 

In
February 2020, the FASB issued authoritative guidance (ASU 2020-02 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) and
Leases (Topic 842)) that amends and clarifies Topic 326 and Topic 842. For Topic 326, the codification was updated to include the SEC
staff interpretations associated with registrants engaged in lending activities. ASC Topic 326 is effective for annual periods beginning
after January 1, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of applying
this guidance on its financial instruments, such as accounts receivable. 

Fair
value of the shares issued for acquisition of Smarten 

The
Company s shares are not quoted in an active market, therefore the fair value of the Company s issued shares to Smarten is
based on valuation methods and techniques generally recognized as standard within the industry in which observable data have been used
to the extent practicable. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of the shares issued for acquisition
of Smarten. 

Business
acquisition of Smarten 

In
a business combination, the Corporation may acquire assets and assume certain liabilities of an acquired entity. Estimates are made as
to the fair value of property and equipment, intangible assets, and goodwill, among other items. In certain circumstances, such as the
valuation of property and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill acquired, the Corporation may rely on independent third-party valuators.
The determination of these fair values involves a variety of assumptions, include revenue growth rates, expected operating income, discount
rates, and earnings multiples. 

Income
taxes 

The
estimation of income taxes includes evaluating the recoverability of deferred tax assets based on an assessment of the Company s
ability to utilize the underlying future tax deductions against future taxable income prior to expiry of those deductions. Management
assesses whether it is probable that some or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of
deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income. If changes were made to management s assessment
regarding the Company s ability to use future tax deductions, the Company would adjust future income tax provisions or recoveries. 

 of common shares with a par value of per share. 

Transactions
on share capital 

Shares issued for private placement (i)(ii)(iii) 

Shares issued for debt settlement (iv) 

Shares issued to Officers and Consultants as compensation (v) 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Shares issued for private placement (vi) 

Shares issued for debt settlement (vii) 

Shares issued to Officers and Consultants as compensation (viii) 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

(i) 
 and issued units at a price of
 per unit. Each Unit consists of one common share and one common share purchase warrant Warrant ). Each Warrant
 entitles the holder thereof to acquire one common share at a price of for a period of 36 months from the issuance date. 

(ii) 
 and issued units at a price of
 per unit. Each Unit consists of one common share and one common share purchase warrant Warrant ). Each Warrant
 entitles the holder thereof to acquire one common share at a price of for a period of 36 months from the issuance date. 

(iii) 
 and issued units at a price
 of per unit. Each Unit consists of one common share and one common share purchase warrant Warrant ). Each Warrant
 entitles the holder thereof to acquire one common share at a price of for a period of 24 months from the issuance date. 

(iv) 
 
 by issuing common shares at a price of per share. And the Company settled loan payable of (CNY by issuing common shares at a price of per share, which the loan was owed by Smarten. 

(v) 
 common shares to compensate certain directors, officers and consultants
 at a price of per share. At the same time, the Company issued common shares at a price of to 2 key team members
 as a retainer bonus. 

(vi) 
 and issued units at a price of
 per unit. Each Unit consists of one common share and one common share purchase warrant Warrant ). Each Warrant
 entitles the holder thereof to acquire one common share at a price of for a period of 24 months from the issuance date. 

(vii) 
 by issuing
 common shares at a price of per share. 

(viii) 
 common shares to compensate one officer at a price of per share. 

Warrants 

- 

Issued for private placement 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 

Issued for private placement 

Issued for private placement 

Issued for private placement 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Issued for private placement 

Warrants expired 

- 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we deemed the value of the warrants as nil . 

Foreign currency translation differences 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

Accumulated Depreciation 
 Computer and Office Equipment 
 Total 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2021 

Amortization 

Foreign currency translation differences 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

Net Book Value 
 Computer and Office Equipment 
 Total 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2021 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

(CNY 

(CNY 

To
 be settled 
 
 Lender
 2 

(CNY 

(CNY) 

To
 be settled 
 
 Nan
 Du 

(CNY 
 
 - 

To
 be settled 
 
 Keystone
 Associates Inc. 

(CNY 

(CNY 

Transferred
 from Nick Zeng, to be settled 
 
 Total 

(CNY 

(CNY 

a. 
 In
 January 2020, Smarten entered into an agreement of six-month unsecured loans with Lender 1 for (CNY with annual interest
 as per month). This agreement was renewed in July 2020, January 2021, and July 2021, for 6 months each time. On December
 30, 2021, Smarten increased the loan amount of (CNY with the same terms as before, and renewed the agreement for
 another 6 months at the same time. The agreement was renewed in July 2022 for 12 months. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
 the Company accrued interest expense of (2021- and paid an interest expense of (2021- for this loan. 

b. 
 In
 January 2020, Smarten entered into an agreement of six-month unsecured loans for (CNY and renewed the loan in July
 2020, the loan bears interest at annually. 

c. 
 In
 May 2020, Smarten entered into an agreement of six-month unsecured loans for (CNY and the loan bears interest at
 annually. 

d. 
 In
 August 2020, Smarten entered into an six-month unsecured loan agreement for (CNY and the loan bears interest at 
 annually. 

During
 the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company has accrued interest of for the above 3 loan agreements (b, c, and d). On December
 31, 2020, the Company entered into a new loan agreement to replace the 3 loan agreements, and total principal amount is 
 (CNY , includes the unpaid interest) and the loan bears interest at annually. The loan agreement was renewed on June 30,
 2021 and December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company accrued interest expense of (2021- ). 

e. 
 In
 July 2020, Smarten entered into a loan agreement with the former President CEO of Harmony for a loan of (CNY and renewed on December 31, 2020 and June 30, 2021. The loan bears interest annually. On December 31, 2021, the principal of
 loan was increased to (CNY and extended to , at the same time, the loan was assigned to Keystone
 Associates Inc., which is owner by the former President CEO of Harmony. The Company accrued interest expenses of 
 (2021- for this loan during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

f. 
 In
 September 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with one former shareholder of Smarten, Ms. Nan Du, to settle the unpaid cash
 consideration of (CNY for acquisition of Smarten as loan payable. The loan bears an annual interest rate of .
 The Company accrued interest expenses of for the cash consideration during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

In
 February 2022, Ms. Du waived all the accumulated interest of and agreed to receive payment when Harmony cash position is
 sufficient upon Harmony s decision. 

Professional service fees 

Salaries and benefits expenses 

Office rent and related expenses 

Transfer agent fee 

Regulatory fee 

Travel, accommodation and meals 
 
 - 
 
 Stock based compensation 

Depreciation 

Administrative expense 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has the following related party transactions: 

A
 company owned by the former President and CEO provides consulting and administrative services to the Company. The Company recorded
 management fee for the former CEO s service (2021- ). During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued
 share common stock, in lieu of cash consideration at a price of per share, as the retainer bonus of to the
 former President and CEO of the Company. 

The
 Company recorded (2021 - professional fee to CFO for the services provided. 

The
 Company made a cash payment of (2021 - and issued (2021 - shares of common stock at per
 share for stock compensation to a former director, who is acting as the General Manager of Smarten for his service at Smarten since
 August 2021. 

During
 the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares common stock to certain directors and officers at price of 
 per share for a total value of . The Company did not issue stock compensation except the issuance above. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled accounts payable with former CEO for an aggregate amount of by issuing
 common shares (2021, ). 

In
July 2020, Smarten entered into a loan agreement with the former President CEO of Harmony for a loan of (CNY and
renewed on December 31, 2020 and June 30, 2021. The loan bears interest annually. On December 31, 2021, the principal of loan was
increased to (CNY and extended to , at the same time, the loan was assigned to Keystone Associates Inc.,
which is owner by the former President CEO of Harmony. The Company accrued interest expenses of (2021- for
this loan during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

No
changes were made in the objectives, policies and processes related to financial instrument risk management during the reported periods. 

Credit
risk 

Credit
risk is the risk that another party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss for the Company by failing to discharge an
obligation. The Company s maximum exposure to credit risk is limited to the carrying amount of financial assets at the reporting
date, as summarized below: 

VAT recoverable 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 - 

Total 

The
credit risk regarding cash is considered to be negligible because the counterparty is a reputable bank with an investment grade external
credit rating. 

Liquidity
risk 

Liquidity
risk is the risk that an entity will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities that are settled
by delivering cash or another financial asset. 

Liquidity
risk management serves to maintain a sufficient amount of cash and to ensure that the Company has financing sources such as private and
public investments for a sufficient amount. 

Over
the past period, the Company has financed its business development commitments, its working capital requirements and acquisitions through
private placement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have sufficient cash to pay its accounts payable and accrued liabilities
which have contractual maturities within twelve months. 

Foreign
currency risk 

Foreign
currency risk is the risk that the fair value of, or future cash flows from, the Company s financial instruments will fluctuate
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company functional currency is the United States dollars and major purchases are transacted
in United States dollars. The Company s foreign currency risk arises primarily with respect to its loan is denominated in CNY. 

F- 18 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, under the supervision and with the participation of Harmony s management,
including its principal executive officer who is also its principal financial officer, Harmony conducted an evaluation of its disclosure
controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation. Based upon their evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the SEC. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no significant changes in Harmony s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) during the most recently completed fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2021 that have materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect the internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

23 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth the names, ages, and positions of Harmony s current executive officers and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions
 and Offices Held 
 
 Christian
 Guilbaud 
 
 49 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Kenneth
 Charles (KC) Grainger 
 
 76 
 
 Director,
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Demin
 (Fleming) Huang 
 
 45 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (principal financial/accounting officer) 
 
 Rui
 Zhu 
 
 52 
 
 General
 Manager of Smarten 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of each of our current executive officers and directors. 

Christian
Guilbaud Chairman 

Mr.
Christian Guilbaud holds a bachelor s degree in business administration and a Diploma in Economy. He has over 20 years experience
in financial administration and his experience includes positions in financial services and mutual funds management. Mr. Guilbaud has
served as a director with Golden Share from May 2010 through December 2018, as well as Stelmine Canada Mining Exploration from July 2016
through May 2021. 

Aside
from that provided herein, Mr. Guilbaud does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company
with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the
Exchange Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Kenneth
Charles (KC) Grainger Director, President Chief Executive Officer 

Mr.
Grainger has a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from the University of Bridgeport (Ct.) and an MBA in Finance from
Pace University (NYC). 

His
specialty is the analysis of small capitalization and mid-cap North American and Canadian corporations, writing and editing research
reports and producing technical reports on individual companies and markets. 

Mr.
Grainger is currently an analyst for Montrealanalyst.com and Canadianmineanalysis.com and continues to work as an independent professional
trader and analyst. 

Aside
from that provided above, Mr. Grainger does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company
with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the
Exchange Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Demin
(Fleming) Huang Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Fleming Huang is a Chartered Professional Accountant, Certified Management Accountant with over 20 years of administration and corporate
finance working experience in different industries, including mining exploration. Currently, Mr. Huang is the Chief Financial Officer
of the Company as well CFO of Golden Share since July 2017 and CFO of Gowest Gold Ltd. since August 2021. Mr. Huang has served as a director
with Gowest Gold Ltd. from November 2017 through August 2021, service as Director and President of Golden Share since March 2021. Aside
from that provided herein, Mr. Huang does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with
a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

24 

Rui
Zhu General Manager of Smarten 

Mr.
Zhu has 30 years of experience in the electricity industry and gained extensive experience in the emerging clean energy industry. 

Mr.
Zhu has been the General Manager of Smarten, the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company since July 2021 and service as a Board Director
of the Company from August 2020 to June 2022. 

From
August 2019 to December 2020, Mr. Zhu was the General Manger of Thermal Management Business Unit, Shenzhen Silver Basis Technology Co.,
Ltd., in charge of business development globally. 

From
March 2018 to August 2019, Mr. Zhu was the Senior VP Sales of Joysun New Energy Co., Ltd., in charge of business development for batteries. 

From
March 2015 to November 2017, Mr. Zhu was the Sales Director of Aavid Thermal Management Company in China, in charging of custom solutions
for battery thermal management. 

Aside
from that provided above, Mr. Zhu does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with
a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Term
of Office 

Our
directors are appointed to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance
with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board, subject to their respective
employment agreements. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between or among the directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors
or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During
the past 10 years, none of our current directors, nominees for directors or current executive officers has been involved in any legal
proceeding identified in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Director
Independence 

The
Board of Directors is currently composed of two members, which are Christian Guilbaud and Kenneth Charles Grainger. Mr. Grainger does
not qualify as independent in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence
definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the Director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of
the Company s employees and that neither the Director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings
with us. 

Audit
Committee 

Pursuant
to Section 4.2 of the Bylaws, the Board may, by resolution passed by a majority of the entire Board, designate one or more committees.
Pursuant to an undated Directors Resolution, Kenneth Charles Grainger and Christian Guilbaud have each been appointed as members
of the Audit Committee of the Company. Mr. Christian Guilbaud is independent, while Mr. Grainger is not independent due to that he is
the executive officer of the Company. 

25 

Nominating
and Compensation Committees 

We
do not have a standing nominating and compensation committee. Rather, our Board of Directors performs the functions of these committees.
We do not believe it is necessary for our Board of Directors to appoint such committees because the volume of matters that come before
our Board of Directors for consideration permits the directors to give sufficient time and attention to such matters to be involved in
all decision making. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation
of Executive Officers and Directors 

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officers paid
by us during the last five years. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal 
 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Totals 
 
 Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 54,000 
 54,000 
 
 Nick Zeng, 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 110,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 72,000 
 182,000 
 
 Former CEO 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 100,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 72,000 
 172,000 
 
 and President 
 2019 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 72,000 
 72,000 

2018 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Kenneth 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Charles 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 1,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,000 
 
 Grainger, 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 President CEO 
 2019 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2018 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 48,000 
 48,000 
 
 Demin 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 10,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 48,000 
 58,000 
 
 (Fleming) 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 48,000 
 68,000 
 
 Huang, CFO 
 2019 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 36,000 
 36,000 

2018 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Christian 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 12,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 12,000 
 
 Guilbaud, 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director 
 2019 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2018 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2022 
 19,316 
 - 
 36,000 

55,316 
 
 Rui Zhu, 
 2021 
 10,073 
 - 
 151,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 161,073 
 
 Director, 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 10,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,000 
 
 GM of Smarten 
 2019 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2018 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

26 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

Other
than as discussed above, no executive officer received any equity awards, or holds exercisable or unexercisable options, as of the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2019. 

Long-Term
Incentive Plans 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which the Company would provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for our director or executive
officer. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Company currently does not have a compensation committee of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors as a whole determines executive
compensation. 

Compensation
of Directors 

Directors
are permitted to receive fixed fees and other compensation for their services as Directors. The Board of Directors has the authority
to fix the compensation of Directors. No amounts have been paid to, or accrued to, Directors in such capacity. 

Director
Independence 

The
Board of Directors is currently composed of two members, which are Christian Guilbaud and Kenneth Charles Grainger. Mr. Grainger do not
qualify as independent in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition
includes a series of objective tests, such as that the Director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of the Company s
employees and that neither the Director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. 

Security
Holders Recommendations to Board of Directors 

The
Company welcomes comments and questions from the shareholders. However, while the Company appreciates all comments from shareholders,
it may not be able to individually respond to all communications. 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company currently have 2 Engagement Agreements with its named executive officers or directors, copies of the agreements is filed as Exhibit
10.1, and 10.2 to this form 10-K. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

We
have a Company Stock Option Plan but have not yet granted any stock options. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

As
of March 24, 2023, there were 21,155,079 common stocks issued and outstanding and 124 shareholders of record. 

The
following table sets forth certain information known to us regarding beneficial ownership of our capital stock as of date hereof for
(i) all executive officers and directors as a group and (ii) each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to be the beneficial
owner of more than five percent (5 of our capital stock. The percentage of beneficial ownership in the table below is based on 19,780,079
shares of common stock deemed to be outstanding as of date hereof. 

27 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percentage of Beneficial Ownership (2) 
 
 Directors and Officers: 

Rui Zhu 
 2,060,000 
 9.74 
 
 Christian Guilbaud 
 1,436,333 
 6.79 
 
 Fleming Huang 
 1,185,147 
 5.60 
 
 KC Grainger 
 51,000 
 0.24 
 
 Subtotal 
 4,732,480 
 22.37 

Other beneficial shareholders (5 or more) 

Nick Zeng 
 5,447,237 
 25.75 
 
 Dongqing Liu 
 1,678,000 
 7.93 
 
 Juntao Zheng 
 1,140,000 
 5.39 
 
 Wei Zhang 
 1,080,000 
 5.11 
 
 Subtotal 
 9,345,237 
 44.17 

(1)
Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement,
understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting
of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be
deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of
the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for
example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage
ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person
(and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown
in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of
common stock actually outstanding. 

(2)
Based upon 21,155,079 common shares issued and outstanding. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
Board of Directors is currently composed of two members, which are Christian Guilbaud and Kenneth Charles Grainger. The Board of Directors
has determined, after considering all the relevant facts and circumstances, that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, Mr.
Grainger do not qualify as independent, while Mr. Christian Guilbaud is independent director as that term is defined in the federal securities
laws and the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled accounts payable with former CEO for an aggregate amount of 54,000 by issuing
540,000 common shares. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

28 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are file as part of the report: 

a. 
 The
 following financial statements are included in this Annual Report for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

i. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

ii. 
 Audited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

iii. 
 Audited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

iv. 
 Audited Consolidated Statements of Changes In Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

v. 
 Audited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

vi. 
 Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

(b) 
 All
 financial statement schedules have been omitted as the required information is either inapplicable or included in the Consolidated
 Financial Statements or related notes thereto. 

(c) 
 Exhibits:
 The exhibits set forth in the accompanying exhibit index below are either filed as part of this report or are incorporated herein
 by reference: 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation filed on June 19, 2018. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, filed on June 17, 2022 
 
 10.1 
 
 Executive Contract with Rui Zhu 
 
 10.2 
 
 Executive Contract with Demin (Fleming) Huang 
 
 21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Harmony Corporation 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Kreston GTA LLP, Independent Registered Accounting Firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of President, Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of President, Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Item16
Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

29 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, there unto duly authorized. 

HARMONY
 ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Kenneth Charles Grainger 

President
 Chief Executive Officer 

Dated:
March 31, 2023 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Kenneth Charles Grainger 
 
 President
 Chief Executive Officer, 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Kenneth
 Charles Grainger 
 
 Chairman 

/s/
 Demin (Fleming) Huang 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Demin
 (Fleming) Huang 

/s/
 Christian Guilbaud 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Christian
 Guilbaud 

30 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 ex3-1.htm

Exhibit 3.1 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-3.2>
 3
 ex3-2.htm

Exhibit 3.2 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-10.1>
 4
 ex10-1.htm

Exhibit
10.1 

ENGAGEMENT
AGREEMENT 

This
Engagement Agreement Agreement is made and effective this October 1, 2021, 

BETWEEN: 
 Rui
 Zhu (the Employee ), an individual with his main address at: 

Taoyuan
 Cun, Jiaoshi Gongyu, Building 3, Suite 15E, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, P. R. of China, 518055 

AND: 
 Harmony
 Energy Technologies Corporation (the Employer or Harmony ), a corporation organized and existing under
 the laws of the Delaware of United States, with its registered address located at: 

2711
 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware, USA, 19808 

RECITALS 

A. 
 The
 employer is engaged in the business of energy business development. Shenzhen Smarten Technology Co., Ltd., China Smarten is a wholly subsidiary of the employer. 

B. 
 The
 Employee has been engaged and has had a great deal of experience in the above-designated business. 

C. 
 The
 Employee is willing to be employed by employer, and employer is willing to employ Employee. 

In
consideration of the matters described above, and of the mutual benefits and obligations set forth in this Agreement, the parties agree
as follows: 

1. 
 EMPLOYMENT 

A. 
 Employer
 employs, engages, and hires Employee as the President of Shenzhen Smarten Technology Co., Ltd. ,
 and Employee accepts and agrees to such hiring, engagement, and employment, subject to the general supervision and pursuant
 to the orders, advice, and direction of employer. 

B. 
 Employee
 shall perform such other duties as are customarily performed by one holding such position in other, same, or similar businesses or
 enterprises as that engaged in by the employer and shall also additionally render such other and unrelated services and duties as
 may be assigned to him from time to time by employer. 

2. 
 BEST EFFORTS OF EMPLOYEE 

Employee
agrees that he will at all times faithfully, industriously, and to the best of his ability, experience, and talents, perform all of the
duties that may be required of and from his pursuant to the express and implicit terms of this Agreement, to the reasonable satisfaction
of employer. Such duties shall be rendered at Shenzhen, China, and at such other place or places as employer shall in good faith require
or as the interest, needs, business, or opportunity of employer shall require. 

Harmony General Employment Agreement Page 1 of 4 

3. 
 TERM OF EMPLOYMENT 

The
term of this Agreement shall be a period of 3 years and 3 months, commencing October 1,
2021 , subject to prior termination as provided in this Agreement. 

4. 
 RETAINER BONUS 

To
retain the Employee, the Employer shall issue one time retainer bonus of 1,000,000 shares common stock of the Company, deemed as US 0.10
per share. 

By
receiving this Retainer Bonus, Employee shall continue working for the Employer by the terms defined by this agreement. However, the
Employer may terminate this Agreement at any time of giving 30 days notice to the Employee and no severance payment or termination
compensation is required for the termination, or the Employee shall return this retainer Bonus back to the Employer, deem as US 0.10
per share. 

5. 
 COMPENSATION OF EMPLOYEE 

The
compensation will be offered by the employer based on the labor market conditions, the Employee s working performance and the employer s
financial condition. 

6. 
 OTHER EMPLOYMENT 

Employee
shall devote all of his time, attention, knowledge, and skills solely to the business and interest of employer, and employer shall be
entitled to all of the benefits, profits, or other issues arising from or incident to all work, services, and advice of Employee, and
Employee shall not, during the term of this Agreement, be interested directly or indirectly, in any manner, as partner, officer, director,
shareholder, advisor, Employee, or in any other capacity in any other business similar to employer s business or any allied trade;
provided, however, that nothing contained in this section shall be deemed to prevent or to limit the right of Employee to invest any
of his money in the capital stock or other securities of any corporation whose stock or securities are publicly owned or are regularly
traded on any public exchange. 

7. 
 TRADE SECRETS 

Employee
shall not at any time or in any manner, either directly or indirectly, divulge, disclose or communicate to any person, firm, corporation,
or other entity in any manner whatsoever any information concerning any matters affecting or relating to the business of employer, including
but not limited to any of its customers, the prices it obtains or has obtained from the sale of, or at which it sells or has sold, its
products, or any other information concerning the business of employer, its manner of operation, its plans, processes, or other data
without regard to whether all of the above-stated matters will be deemed confidential, material, or important, employer and Employee
specifically and expressly stipulating that as between them, such matters are important, material, and confidential and gravely affect
the effective and successful conduct of the business of employer, and employer s good will, and that any breach of the terms of
this section shall be a material breach of this Agreement. 

8. 
 TRADE SECRETS AFTER TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT 

All
of the terms of Section Seven of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect for the period of Three (3) years after the termination
of Employee s employment for any reason, and during such 3 years period, Employee
shall not make or permit the making of any public announcement or statement of any kind trade secrets during he was formerly employed
by or connected with employer. 

Harmony General Employment Agreement Page 2 of 4 

9. 
 Reimbursement of Expenses 

The
Employee may incur reasonable expenses for furthering the Company s business, including expenses for entertainment, travel, and
similar items. The Company shall reimburse Employee for all business expenses after the Employee presents an itemized account of expenditures,
pursuant to Company policy. 

10. 
 RECOMMENDATIONS FOR IMPROVING OPERATIONS 

Employee
shall make available to employer all information of which Employee shall have any knowledge and shall make all suggestions and recommendations
that will be of mutual benefit to employer and Employee. 

11. 
 AGREEMENTS OUTSIDE OF CONTRACT 

This
Agreement contains the complete Agreement concerning the employment arrangement between the parties and shall, as of the effective date
of this Agreement, supersede all other Agreements between the parties. The parties stipulate that neither of them has made any representation
with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement or any representations including the execution and delivery of this Agreement except
such representations as are specifically set forth in this Agreement, and each of the parties acknowledges that he has relied on its
own judgment in entering into this Agreement. 

12. 
 MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT 

Any
modification of this Agreement or additional obligation assumed by either party in connection with this Agreement shall be binding only
if evidenced in writing signed by each party or an authorized representative of each party. 

13. 
 TERMINATION 

A. 
 This
 Agreement may be terminated by the Employer on 30 days written notice to the
 Employee. If employer shall so terminate this Agreement, there is no extra compensation or any severance payment to the Employee. 

B. 
 In
 the event of any violation by Employee of any of the terms of this Agreement, employer may terminate employment without notice and
 with compensation to Employee only to the date of such termination. 

C. 
 It
 is further agreed that any breach or evasion of any of the terms of this Agreement by either party will result in immediate and irreparable
 injury to the other party and will authorize recourse to injunction and or specific performance as well as to all other legal or
 equitable remedies to which such injured party may be entitled under this Agreement. 

14. 
 EFFECT OF PARTIAL INVALIDITY 

The
invalidity of any portion of this Agreement will not and shall not be deemed to affect the validity of any other provision. In the event
that any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, the parties agree that the remaining provisions shall be deemed to be in
full force and effect as if they had been executed by both parties subsequent to the expungement of the invalid provision. 

Harmony General Employment Agreement Page 3 of 4 

15. 
 CHOICE OF LAW 

It
is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that this Agreement and the performance under this Agreement, and all suits and special
proceedings under this Agreement, be construed in accordance with and under and pursuant to the laws of State of Delaware and the United
States of America. and that, in any action, special proceeding or other proceeding that may be brought arising out of, in connection
with, or by reason of this Agreement, the laws of State of Delaware and the United States of America shall be applicable and shall govern
to the exclusion of the law of any other forum, without regard to the jurisdiction in which any action or special proceeding may be instituted. 

16. 
 NO WAIVER 

The
failure of either party to this Agreement to insist upon the performance of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or the
waiver of any breach of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, shall not be construed as thereafter waiving any such terms
and conditions, but the same shall continue and remain in full force and effect as if no such forbearance or waiver had occurred. 

17. 
 ATTORNEY FEES 

In
the event that any action is filed in relation to this Agreement, the unsuccessful party in the action shall pay to the successful party,
in addition to all the sums that either party may be called on to pay, a reasonable sum for the successful party s attorney s
fees. 

18. 
 PARAGRAPH HEADINGS 

The
titles to the paragraphs of this Agreement are solely for the convenience of the parties and shall not be used to explain, modify, simplify,
or aid in the interpretation of the provisions of this Agreement. 

In
witness hereof , the parties have caused it to be executed
on the date indicated above. 

EMPLOYEE 
 
 Harmony
 Energy Technologies Corporation 

/s/
 Rui Zhu 
 
 /s/
 Nick Zeng 
 
 Authorized
 Signature 
 
 Authorized
 Signature 

Rui
 Zhu 
 
 Nick
 Zeng, President 
 
 Print
 Name 
 
 Print
 Name and Title 

Harmony General Employment Agreement Page 4 of 4 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 5
 ex10-2.htm

Exhibit
10.2 

ENGAGEMENT
AGREEMENT 

This
Engagement Agreement Agreement is made and effective this October 1, 2021, 

BETWEEN: 
 Demin
 (Fleming) Huang (the Consultant ), an individual with his main address at: 

226-165
 Cherokee Blvd, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M2J 4T7 

AND: 
 Harmony
 Energy Technologies Corporation (the Harmony ), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the Delaware
 of United States, with its registered address located at: 

2711
 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware, USA, 19808 

RECITALS 

A. 
 Harmony
 is engaged in the business of energy business development. 

B. 
 The
 Consultant has been engaged to provide corporate management services as Chief Financial Officer for the Company. 

C. 
 The
 Consultant is willing to be retained by Harmony, and Harmony is willing to retain the Consultant. 

In
consideration of the matters described above, and of the mutual benefits and obligations set forth in this Agreement, the parties agree
as follows: 

1. 
 CONSULTANT SERVICE 

A. Harmony
 engages and retain the Consultant as the Chief Financial Officer of Harmony ,
 and Consultant accepts and agrees to such engagement. Consultant is or remains open
 to conducting similar tasks or activities for clients other than the Company and holds themselves
 out to the public to be a separate business entity. 

B. Consultant
 shall perform such other duties as are customarily performed by one holding such position
 in other, same, or similar businesses or enterprises as that engaged in by the Harmony and
 shall also additionally render such other and unrelated services and duties as may be assigned
 to him from time to time by Harmony. 

2. 
 BEST EFFORTS OF CONSULTANT 

Consultant
agrees that he will at all times faithfully, industriously, and to the best of his ability, experience, and talents, perform all of the
duties that may be required of and from his pursuant to the express and implicit terms of this Agreement, to the reasonable satisfaction
of Harmony. Such duties shall be rendered in Canada, and at such other place or places as Harmony shall in good faith require or as the
interest, needs, business, or opportunity of Harmony shall require. 

Harmony General Employment Agreement Page 1 of 4 

3. 
 TERM OF EMPLOYMENT 

The
term of this Agreement shall be a period of 1 year, commencing October 1, 2021 .
 The agreement will be automatically renew at the same term with the either party can terminate the agreement with 30 days written
notice. 

4. 
 COMPENSATION OF CONSULTANT 

The
Company will pay the consultant US 4,000 per month for the consulting service as Chief Financial Officer. 

5. 
 ASSURANCE OF SERVICES 

Consultant
will not be required to follow or establish a regular or daily work schedule. Consultant shall devote all of his time, attention, knowledge,
and skills solely to the business and interest of Harmony, and Harmony shall be entitled to all of the benefits, profits, or other issues
arising from or incident to all work, services, and advice of Consultant, and Consultant shall not, during the term of this Agreement,
be interested directly or indirectly, in any manner, as partner, officer, director, shareholder, advisor, Consultant, or in any other
capacity in any other business similar to Harmony s business or any allied trade; provided, however, that nothing contained in
this section shall be deemed to prevent or to limit the right of Consultant to invest any of his money in the capital stock or other
securities of any corporation whose stock or securities are publicly owned or are regularly traded on any public exchange. 

6. 
 TRADE SECRETS 

Consultant
shall not at any time or in any manner, either directly or indirectly, divulge, disclose or communicate to any person, firm, corporation,
or other entity in any manner whatsoever any information concerning any matters affecting or relating to the business of Harmony, including
but not limited to any of its customers, the prices it obtains or has obtained from the sale of, or at which it sells or has sold, its
products, or any other information concerning the business of Harmony, its manner of operation, its plans, processes, or other data without
regard to whether all of the above-stated matters will be deemed confidential, material, or important, Harmony and Consultant specifically
and expressly stipulating that as between them, such matters are important, material, and confidential and gravely affect the effective
and successful conduct of the business of Harmony, and Harmony s good will, and that any breach of the terms of this section shall
be a material breach of this Agreement. 

7. 
 TRADE SECRETS AFTER TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT 

All
of the terms of Section Seven of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect for the period of Three (3) years after the termination
of Consultant s employment for any reason, and during such 3 years period, Consultant
shall not make or permit the making of any public announcement or statement of any kind trade secrets during he was formerly employed
by or connected with Harmony. 

8. 
 Reimbursement of Expenses 

The
Consultant may incur reasonable expenses for furthering the Company s business, including expenses for entertainment, travel, and
similar items. The Company shall reimburse Consultant for all business expenses after the Consultant presents an itemized account of
expenditures, pursuant to Company policy. 

9. 
 RECOMMENDATIONS FOR IMPROVING OPERATIONS 

Consultant
shall make available to Harmony all information of which Consultant shall have any knowledge and shall make all suggestions and recommendations
that will be of mutual benefit to Harmony and Consultant. 

Harmony General Employment Agreement Page 2 of 4 

10. 
 AGREEMENTS OUTSIDE OF CONTRACT 

This
Agreement contains the complete Agreement concerning the employment arrangement between the parties and shall, as of the effective date
of this Agreement, supersede all other Agreements between the parties. The parties stipulate that neither of them has made any representation
with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement or any representations including the execution and delivery of this Agreement except
such representations as are specifically set forth in this Agreement, and each of the parties acknowledges that he has relied on its
own judgment in entering into this Agreement. 

11. 
 MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT 

Any
modification of this Agreement or additional obligation assumed by either party in connection with this Agreement shall be binding only
if evidenced in writing signed by each party or an authorized representative of each party. 

12. 
 TERMINATION 

A. 
 This
 Agreement may be terminated by the Harmony on 30 days written notice to the
 Consultant. If Harmony shall so terminate this Agreement, there is no extra compensation or any severance payment to the Consultant. 

B. 
 In
 the event of any violation by Consultant of any of the terms of this Agreement, Harmony may terminate employment without notice and
 with compensation to Consultant only to the date of such termination. 

C. 
 It
 is further agreed that any breach or evasion of any of the terms of this Agreement by either party will result in immediate and irreparable
 injury to the other party and will authorize recourse to injunction and or specific performance as well as to all other legal or
 equitable remedies to which such injured party may be entitled under this Agreement. 

13. 
 EFFECT OF PARTIAL INVALIDITY 

The
invalidity of any portion of this Agreement will not and shall not be deemed to affect the validity of any other provision. In the event
that any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, the parties agree that the remaining provisions shall be deemed to be in
full force and effect as if they had been executed by both parties subsequent to the expungement of the invalid provision. 

14. 
 CHOICE OF LAW 

It
is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that this Agreement and the performance under this Agreement, and all suits and special
proceedings under this Agreement, be construed in accordance with and under and pursuant to the laws of State of Delaware and the United
States of America. and that, in any action, special proceeding or other proceeding that may be brought arising out of, in connection
with, or by reason of this Agreement, the laws of State of Delaware and the United States of America shall be applicable and shall govern
to the exclusion of the law of any other forum, without regard to the jurisdiction in which any action or special proceeding may be instituted. 

15. 
 NO WAIVER 

The
failure of either party to this Agreement to insist upon the performance of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or the
waiver of any breach of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, shall not be construed as thereafter waiving any such terms
and conditions, but the same shall continue and remain in full force and effect as if no such forbearance or waiver had occurred. 

Harmony General Employment Agreement Page 3 of 4 

16. 
 ATTORNEY FEES 

In
the event that any action is filed in relation to this Agreement, the unsuccessful party in the action shall pay to the successful party,
in addition to all the sums that either party may be called on to pay, a reasonable sum for the successful party s attorney s
fees. 

17. 
 PARAGRAPH HEADINGS 

The
titles to the paragraphs of this Agreement are solely for the convenience of the parties and shall not be used to explain, modify, simplify,
or aid in the interpretation of the provisions of this Agreement. 

In
witness hereof , the parties have caused it to be executed
on the date indicated above. 

Demin
 (Fleming) Huang 
 
 Harmony
 Energy Technologies Corporation 

/s/
 Demin (Fleming) Huang 
 
 /s/
Nick Zeng 
 
 Authorized
 Signature 
 
 Authorized
 Signature 

Demin
 (Fleming) Huang 
 
 Nick
 Zeng, President CEO 
 
 Print
 Name and Title 
 
 Print
 Name and Title 

Harmony General Employment Agreement Page 4 of 4 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-21>
 6
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

HARMONY
ENERGY TECHONOLOGIES CORPORATION 

List
of Subsidiaries 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Organization 
 
 Ownership
 by Harmony 
 
 Shenzhen
 Smarten Technology Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 
 
 100 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

March
31, 2023 

To:
 
 Whom
 it may concern: 

Re:
Harmony Energy Technologies Corporation 

In
connection with the filing of Form 10-K dated March 31, 2023, to be filed under the Securities Act of 1934 (U.S.) of Harmony Energy Technologies
Corporation (the Company ), we consent to being named and to the use of our report dated March 31, 2023 to the shareholders
of the Company on the following consolidated financial statements: 

a) 
 Consolidated
 statements of financial position as at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

b) 
 Consolidated
 statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and a summary of significant
 accounting policies and other explanatory information. 

We
report that we have read the Form 10-K and all information therein and have no reason to believe that there are any misrepresentations
in the information contained therein that are derived from the financial statements upon which we have reported or that are within our
knowledge as a result of our audit of such consolidated financial statements. 

This
letter is provided solely for the purpose of assisting the filing of Form 10-K to which it is addressed in discharging its responsibilities
and should not be used for any other purpose. 

Sincerely, 

/s/
Kreston GTA LLP 

Chartered
Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants 

 Markham,
Canada 

Kreston
GTA LLP | 8953 Woodbine Avenue, Markham, Ontario, Canada, L3R 0J9, T. 905.474.5593 | www.krestongta.com 

 A
member of Kreston International | A global network of independent accounting firms 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(a) OR RULE 15D-14(a) 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Kenneth Charles Grainger, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Harmony Energy Technologies Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this
 report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Kenneth Charles Grainger 
 
 President
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Kenneth
 Charles Grainger 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(a) OR RULE 15D-14(a) 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Demin (Fleming) Huang, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Harmony Energy Technologies Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this
 report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Demin (Fleming) Huang 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Demin
 (Fleming) Huang 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report of Harmony Energy Technologies Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Nick Zeng,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Kenneth Charles Grainger 
 
 President
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Kenneth
 Charles Grainger 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report of Harmony Energy Technologies Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Demin (Fleming)
Huang, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Demin (Fleming) Huang 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Demin
 (Fleming) Huang 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 25
 het-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 27
 het-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 28
 het-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 29
 het-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

